Ilya Cantor: I think the short answer is approximately yes. And we don't guide quarter-to-quarter, we're still confident in the full year guidance that we did provide.
Ilya Cantor: I think it's probably -- we're not going to depart materially from today's DSO levels, and we're working diligently and continuously on making sure that we have favorable payment terms negotiated upfront in our contracts, and also that we follow-up diligently on collecting receivables. However, particularly as there is some fluctuations, in particular, where you saw in CIS region in Q4 in quarter 1, you can expect some volatility, in particular, from that region. But I wouldn't say that we're going to be materially different from today's level.
Ilya Cantor: Sure. The 16% applies only to H-1Vs, and the difference being 15% and 16% for us is literally 5 people. So that's very small, if some or all go on green cards, which is the typical path, and we don't have an issue. L-1s are 27% of our US-based staffing. So together, it's about 43% on total on temporary visas.
Ilya Cantor: As far as the gross margin is concerned, we did improve our utilization a bit in this quarter, and we're continuing to work on improving it moderately during the rest of the year. If you notice, we've added, in the quarter, only 19% headcount year-over-year, compared to 32% revenue growth. While this gap is not expected to continue in its dimension, we do sort of expect a nonlinear pattern to headcount additions versus revenue growth.
Ilya Cantor: I mean, we're in rapid growth mode. And again, we continue to invest in the business. I think if we decide to stop investing, that's going to impact future revenue growth. And in our stage of development, this is -- our priority is to continue to grow. And so we will continue to live within our stated margin range. You might not see it sort of exactly linear quarter-to-quarter, but for the full year, we expect to be in the 16% to 18% range. And we feel pretty confident about that.
Ilya Cantor: Yes, that's correct. But if you exclude the impact of Thomson Reuters, then sort of the top 9 has grown 26%.
Ilya Cantor: Sure. Stock comp, approximately $12 million or $13 million for the year. And amortization, just one second, it's about $2.4 million on amortization.
Ilya Cantor: I think it's a little bit too early to -- and we don't guide to wage inflation. So we had our main wage inflation cycle come through in January. It was within expectations. The competitive environment continues to be challenging, as it is for all the players in our industry, whether it's in India, China, Russia or wherever else. So the best we can say is that we're continuing to see wage inflation in a competitive environment, the stack up according to, more or less of how we predicted it. But for the rest of your, we'll see how it goes.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Just to add, it's Arkadiy. So it's very difficult to predict the jump, which we had in Q4 last year. So we're not counting on this type of event, so just to make sure we are on the same page.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Moshe, so our investments, there is nothing drastically new in line of investments we do. So we were talking about increasing number of on-site people to make sure that our connection with clients are better, and we better prepare it to manage more complex projects as we're getting involved all the time, more and more. So this is one area of investment. We're investing in building competency centers, so this requires some level of dedication and non-billable people to be able to summarize the knowledge and actually distribute and provide guidance and very specific presale support. So it's clearly another area and require very qualified personnel to perform. And thanks for reminding us about our sales aspirations. So that's clearly one more investment focus for us, and we're hiring people in this segment as well. And as you all know, it all was kind of under-invested area at EPAM, where we were getting business a lot through referrals and existing relationships. So I would say that it's in focus today also. General stuff, each company like -- because we're growing in infrastructure and all that, but I would focus more on the kind of client base and capabilities and competency capabilities, which is very, very important for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: So there is no -- like we -- again, we know what was scheduled for ramp-down from the past, and 3 in projects in exactly on this ramp-down. So I'll really mention right now, it's 3.6% of our revenue. And I don't think we can add anything else. So it's basically client-dependent. There are some new work coming. We're just quoting to get relatively sizeable, completely new deal inside of Thomson Reuters, but it's in our capabilities. But it's probably all I can share right now.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I would give you more like, what revenue we have today, which we closed during the last 12 months. And in Q1, it's approximately $12 million, $13 million for business, which was acquired during the previous 12 months. So this is not counting clients, which we got from Thoughtcorp or Empathy Lab. This is kind of new, new clients. But in our situation, when we're talking about sales and new business and investments, you also need to realize that we have very good client base, which is, from this point of view, should be considered as a pretty significant source of growth for us, in addition to new, new clients. And when we're talking, again, about sales and account management, it's not just about new, new business, it's about how we can bring more value to existing clients, and how we can convert this $1 million or $5 million accounts to, respectively, $5 million, $10 million and $15 million, $20 million accounts. And we have a number of very big opportunities with this and this is required investment from us for the right people who would be able to help in this setting, just to make sure it's very clear.
Arkadiy Dobkin: We still kind of floors in average growth of the company, which means that the next number of clients growing faster, and they actually create even more opportunities for us to grow.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think we can only restate what we were sharing before. Our M&A is focused in a couple of areas, mostly in competencies, to grow our technologies and some industry spectrum and potentially, capacity in additional geographies. And that's what we're looking for and that's what we're evaluating. But I don't think we can share a very specific plans at this point. Most likely, you will find out about it only from future press releases.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you. Thank you, everybody for attending our call today. In summary, we're pleased with the results of the previous quarter, and we feel good about the next quarter and for the 2013, at least, as it sounds for right now. So we look forward to talking to you next time and provide additional updates like in approaching within 3 months. So thank you for attending and have a great day.
