Anthony Conte: Hi, Moshe. It’s Anthony here. Any particular trend that you’re looking at in specific or just –Moshe Katri – Cowen and Company: So I think your margins were down year-over-year, so I wanted to kind of understand what happened there and then the same thing for operating margins, GAAP and then adjusted. Thanks.
Anthony Conte: Yes, there will definitely be some positive impacts on the bottom line as things swing. But we look at things in group currencies as well, so we have to really see where everybody goes in the fourth quarter and see how that falls out. But, yes, it should in theory give us a little bit of an uplift on the EPS number.
Anthony Conte: And I would say that our estimate, our EPS estimate includes that potential impact. So we’ve based that into both the top line revenue numbers and the EPS numbers. We’ve already adjusted based on where we’re seeing the ruble go.
Anthony Conte: Sure. How are you, David? It’s Anthony here. Q3 organic was around 27% and sequentially, we were coming in at about 6% organic.
Anthony Conte: No, it’s down. Q3 is a heavy vacation cycle, so July and August a lot of people are out, so utilization dropped. It is consistent with where we were Q3 of last year given last December.
Anthony Conte: Well, a lot of the – I mean, when we did the acquisition of Jointech, that brought revenue from that same large client. So what you have is the first full quarter of revenue from Jointech. And so that’s why you’re seeing the pop in that one client for this particular quarter.
Anthony Conte: Absolutely. The stock-based comps – and we haven’t finalized the purchase accounting and everything for Great Fridays, as we disclosed last week, but there are some estimate in my numbers related to that one. But I would expect Q4 stock compensation to be approximately $7.6 million. And from an amortization of intangibles, it should be about $2.8 million is what I’m currently estimating.
Anthony Conte: So then I would say if you want a more kind of a full quarter view, probably be about $7.8 million on the stock comp full quarter view and add maybe another 200 [ph] to amortization of intangibles, so about $3 million.
Anthony Conte: Hi, Mayank. It’s Anthony. I’ll tackle the first one and let Ark jump in. As far as pricing trends, there’s really no difference at this stage of the year. I mean we’re still looking at kind of that 6%, 7%, 8% blended price increases that we’ve talked about through most of the year. Most of that pricing will happen. As we move into the new year, we’ll get a better picture on where pricing is going for 2015 in Q1. But at this stage, we’re not seeing any change from what we see in the balance of this year.
Anthony Conte: No, it’s still in the low teens.Mayank Tandon – Needham & Company: Great. Good job, guys. Thank you.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, Moshe, we’re working with multiple groups, in fact, of this account in multiple geographies. It’s actually very much global accounts and coming fast not just Europe and not just to North America but to also now Asia, China, Singapore including. And again, it’s very, very diverse effort for us right now.Moshe Katri – Cowen and Company: Understood, thank you.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, for the last couple of years we’ve had some revenue issue, yes. A little bit a surprise to us and usually it was coming from CIS region. With everything that was happening in this quarter, the world [ph], as you know, during this year we don’t expect any jumps in Q4. And on top of this, as you know, the ruble and majority of our revenue coming in local currencies for us definitely getting weaker and weaker. And just on total shares revenue, if you take into account foreign exchange, it’s a big amount kind of going down. So that’s why Q4 looks as it looks. If you take out, for example, CIS revenue, then our gross increase will be practically in line with what you saw previously as well.
Arkadiy Dobkin: But please don’t – do remember that our cost in rubles only in Russia. So it’s not like embarking [ph] for example anything [ph] in Belarus or Ukraine. So it’s only Russia based.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Quite a few or a majority of the clients you actually driven by what’s happening kind of in the media and probably you see that media is pretty – look, relatively quiet if you compare this with what we saw six months or kind of nine months ago, eight months ago. So I think people kind of working in assumption that it would be settled and that’s what we’re seeing as well. With some escalations climbing kind of up and down, situation definitely much more stable than we were seeing this – in the middle of the summer, for example, or at the beginning of spring. So I think most of the client actually pretty accurate and pretty normal moderate comp [ph].
Arkadiy Dobkin: We don’t compete much with Luxoft. We maybe compete from time to time in financial sector but even there like with exception of shared accounts, we don’t see each other much. The second besides financial sectors, you know that we have a little bit different strategy and we mostly focus on kind of digital change. And we’re competing with people like Sapient or some specific companies focusing on eCommerce and digital marketing type of applications. We also compete in big accounts with major players including IBM and Infosys and Cognizant and others as well and some special focused division [ph] for them.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Great Fridays is a small, very specialized acquisition, so I don’t think it’s embarking anything [ph] in numbers. But the sizing of this, it’s very difficult calculation because it depends what you’re counting in [ph]. And commerce, it’s a broad term. So what I can say that it’s probably very – it is a very fast growing market and if you talking about strictly eCommerce implementation of things like Hybris or ATG, then it’s tens and tens of millions. If you’re looking at this broad and include in digital strategy part of the business and mobile extensions and analytics and actually of course it’s including like logistical piece for retail, then it will be for us in hundreds of millions already.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, sure. Yes, I know like when we were talking last year it was where some concerns about our speed incurring [ph] and we had many questions on [ph] some of this and usually our answer was that in 2012 we built a pretty significant range last Thomson Reuters kind of impact and we didn’t need to hire as many people as before, proportionate to the growth rates. And that exactly was kind of the reason why our – had increased [ph] down a little bit in the past year. I think this year we actually – we’re up to speed. And the current company [ph] still mostly in the same regions where we did before in Eastern Europe and Hungary. We’re also starting to grow much faster and aggressively in Poland. We just recently opened development center in Bulgaria, so we will be growing there. As you know, China now in the map and it’s still kind of in a lot of integration efforts happening and we kind of learning a lot. But it would be growth area for the next year for us at least and we’re planning for this. So I think the picture didn’t change much from the last years. When you’re asking if it’s easy or hard, yes, it’s not easy and I also was commenting all the time that the talented people in demand all was replaced [ph] from San Francisco to New York to London and to Minsk, Belarus. So from this point of view, no, not much changes. But we’re working as we did and that big portion part of our investments come into relationship within newer cities across all Former Soviet Union and our development centers both in Hungary and Poland and so for internal trainings as well. So I don’t think I told you something new, but that’s what it is.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, this is mostly GGA. GGA had a couple of thousand people in Russia and you see basically in part of this.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I do believe in general on the level of company. We have very, very similar visibility as we did in the past. There are definitely changes because the digital driven projects, we starting sometimes relatively small on this pilot. But we trying to carefully select opportunities where we have kind of upside and repeated business. And so far we have proved that it could bring us significant tens of millions business over the next several years. This client was started small and then expanded in different areas, different branch, different channels as well. So I think it’s working well. But there are some projects, small ones as well which we getting in with completely organized because we would like to test ourselves and test new technologies and be able to have good friendzone [ph] experience before we applying this to big opportunities. But it is very much in line with our history of working with sometimes small startup and independents like these small software product companies where we try to understand what’s happening in technology and kind of emerging trends. So there is not much new, it’s just a little bit different sector for us.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Yes, and in regards to our kind of sales marketing field [ph] operation, so yes, we’re investing a lot and we have onboard new people. And we’re also slowly doing exactly what we were planning to do and what we already talked about since IPO change and profile with the company and awaiting profile and kind of follow brand for this digital market and eCommerce type of profile. So working more and able to get in the doors not only to IT people or IT budget, but now business budget and to marketing budget. This is all happening. If you’re asking [indiscernible] that now we will see very clearly [indiscernible] last month, that’s probably would be much more conservative. I think it’s kind of non-stop effort. And we do that we’re very much in the beginning of this effort still and we still need to elevate profiling even high and we should be able to do it with good number of successes and that’s what I was trying to explain and kind of illustrate this morning actually. But no, we’re not stopping this. It’s continuous and I think it would be continuing for a long time.Mayank Tandon – Needham & Company: Okay. And I appreciate the color. And then I just wanted to ask you on the M&A strategy. I know you’ve done a few acquisitions, but as you look ahead in terms of balancing areas that you want to acquire, and is it more delivery expansion, to diversify or are there other capabilities, verticals or services that you want to enter into just based on demand from your clients. Maybe just give us some perspective on that as well, please.
Arkadiy Dobkin: It’s more on the second part of what you mentioned. And you see, we don’t have the strategy kind of to build EPAM through acquisitions. We don’t have any type of robust strategy and we never had. And if you look at our historical kind of speed of acquisitions, we did two write-off type PUR [ph], relatively small but very specific one from the point of building much stronger front operation for EPAM in Canada and another was important for us to the fourth kind of new digital strategy capability acquisition. And then given the 2013, we didn’t do any because we didn’t find anything interesting from this point of view. And it seems like we did many of them in 2014 and yes, we did. But again most of them, pretty small from revenue perspective, but very specific on the skill set or industry-focus or kind of like Great Fridays, expand and extend in what we’re already starting to do and what seemed really important for us. So again, that’s going to be our strategy in the future, though. I’m not saying that is isn’t something much, much strategically good for EPAM, but that’s not a focus for us. We’re kind of looking for opportunities to improve our muscles and different parts of our organization and to put it on voices [ph] of our software engineering skill set, we should be able to last [indiscernible] as we’re repeating all the time.Mayank Tandon – Needham & Company: Right. Thank you. And then last question for me is on the hiring front. In terms of the hiring numbers, I think you had mid-20s growth the last couple of quarters. Obviously, that’s queued by acquisitions. Could you give us what your organic increase in headcount was and also maybe comment on the attrition trend that you’re seeing your various markets – employee attrition.
Arkadiy Dobkin: I think actually Anthony mentioned very precisely exactly organic growth in headcount and the growth including acquisition.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Nothing impacting us a U.S.-based company. So from the sanction point of view, there is no any direct impact. But as I mentioned, probably sanction did some impact on Russian economy and affects situation in Russia and that’s clearly making some impact. And again, negative and positive simultaneously. And I think Anthony was kind of addressing this already. But there is no any direct impact. There is no sanctions in EPAM doing business anywhere. So zero on this. And again, just general economic impact.
Arkadiy Dobkin: No, there is no specific labor relocation trends. So there is clearly very specific actions where we grow in and how fast. And Russia wasn’t growing or practically was flat from headcount point of view. But again, there is no relocation strategy. I think we would be able to bring in projects there. And again, the increase in Russia happened this year mostly due to acquisition of GGA.
Arkadiy Dobkin: Thank you and thank you everybody for joining us today. I hope we addressed your questions, and looking forward to talk again in three months. Thank you everybody.
