Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think -- yes, thanks, Evan. So I guess, the easiest way to start is with the clean kind of pro forma number for 2013, which is 270,000 barrels a day. And then you add back on to that about 50,000 barrels a day of growth. Obviously, the 2 big contributors there are the Bakken, which is a full year ramp and the T-Bells in the Gulf of Mexico. There are smaller effects due to Valhall and North Malay and also the Utica. So that gets you to 320,000 barrels a day. And then back off about 10,000 for natural field declines and contingency, and that gets you to the mid-point of 310,000.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks, Doug. Yes, well, first of all, safety is obviously important in everything we do at Hess. And our railcars meet the highest standards of the day for specs and maintenance. We built the cars nearly 2 years ago. We worked with the railroad companies and industry experts to design our state-of-the-art railcars to a new standard that's commonly referred to as the petition 1517, 77 design. Now these cars were precisely designed to safely transport Bakken crude grades. And as such, they're equipped with enhanced features and include thicker steel, double-hull bottom, half-head shields, top fittings protection and a reclosing pressure relief device. So they're truly state-of-the-art railcars. Our experience is that rail company operators are equally focused on safety, just as we are. So I think as rail increases in the country and accidents inevitably happen, it's real important to have a regular dialogue between our industry and the rail operators and the government to ensure the overall integrity of these systems. But again, our cars are of the new and of the highest standards available in the rail industry.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Let me start with Valhall. As we've said before, we're implementing a plan with BP to improve performance on Valhall. Our ultimate objective, as well as the operators, is to fill up that capacity at Valhall. There's a number of drilling locations. There's a lot of upside in reserves. It's really going to be key to get our well costs down. So a big effort is going to be on reducing the well costs. Obviously, that will increase the number of drillable locations as you go forward, then also the other factors just to improve the overall operability of the asset, keep your availability and reliability high. So those are the 2 major areas that we're focused on.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have. And first of all, the cars that were involved in the explosion were the old design. We know that. Those were the 111 cars. So that's just a rumor. But we -- again, these cars, we worked for over a year with railroad companies and industry experts to really design the safest car we could to transport Bakken crude. So we feel like we are running the safest -- one of the safest fleets in the industry.
Gregory P. Hill: No, John, we haven't. So you're exactly right. That's based on a 5 and 4 configuration. And as I said in my opening remarks and John mentioned, here, we're going to put in these close space pilots next year, 17 well pads on the 7 and 6, 2 well pads on a 9 and 8. And depending upon the results of that, that could lead to further upside potential in the Bakken.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So we're guiding -- all our guidance is pro forma, so that's without Thailand. So if you look at our fourth quarter actually, so the 307,000 and you pulled out and did that on a pro forma basis, it would be 277,000 in the fourth quarter. Basically 15 from Indonesia and 15 from Thailand.
John P. Rielly: Sure, I think I have them all, Doug. So since the end of 2013, what we've received as far as asset sales is the Pangkah deal. So the Pangkah deal has closed. So we have the $650 million from that asset sale we've received. As far as the liquidation of inventories from our downstream side of the business, we still have approximately $200 million worth of inventory to liquidate, which we see getting -- doing that kind of throughout the first quarter. So that is also coming. As far as the debt on any potential spin, it's premature for us to talk about it at this point. But, I mean, you could look at that from a capital structure, it won't be different, really, from any of the retail industry peers that you see out there. But at this point, it's a little premature for us to discuss.
John P. Rielly: So at this point, Doug, we're still in the marketing process. And so we will ultimately get to the capital structure if we do spin retail. But we're going to leave that discussion till later.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So, Doug, to your question, I mean, due to our really significant investment in previous years in the United States and in Norway, if I can add it that way, and our continuing significant investments in the U.S. and in Norway, we right now do not see us paying cash taxes in the U.S. or Norway basically through that 2017 guidance that we have given out. So right now, it's extending out beyond 2017.
John P. Rielly: And then, Doug, to the discussion regarding Valhall and its contribution to the higher DD&A and the higher tax rate, you are correct. So Valhall does have a higher DD&A rate. So as the production is ramped up, that has increased the DD&A rate. And all in, we are still have to record from a book standpoint. So deferred taxes are being recorded at the high statutory rate. They're statutory rate is 78%. So you have the high deferred taxes there. But as I mentioned earlier, so you have higher DD&A and you have that higher tax rate due to deferred taxes, Valhall's cash margin per BOE is significantly higher than our portfolio average on a cash margin basis. So Valhall is contributing very good cash flow to us; and over this period to 2017, significant free cash flow.
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, it's a good point. It's one of the key drivers that we have kind of on the timing of the monetization. So we do believe we need -- I'm going to say at least several months' worth of operating performance on the Tioga Gas Plant. I mean, the other things just in general that we have going on is there's extensive financial, tax and legal preparation work that needs to be completed and is ongoing, the Tioga Gas Plant, as you mentioned. The other thing, which is important, though, the third kind of key driver is we need the results of the tighter down spacing pilots that Greg spoke about earlier. And we want that prior to a monetization event to ensure we maximize shareholder value. So with all those 3 things going on as, John has said earlier, we are aggressively working this monetization, and it will be done by 2015.
John P. Rielly: So, I mean, there will be -- it will be a taxable transaction. And so yes, there will be taxes associated with the sale. Now again, you do have a timing of the cash tax payments, but there is -- that would be a taxable sale.
John P. Rielly: Obviously, differentials are moving around. So what we're generally assuming is a differential, let's just say of using TI, and you can go off of that. It's somewhere in the $5 to $10 range.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So a couple of questions for me, please. On the buyback, John Rielly, I guess, you've been pretty clear about you're going to wait on -- to see what happens over the next couple of months with retail. But can you update us, please, on what cash have you received since the end of the year? And where are you on the work-down of the terminals working capital? And if I may just layer on another one same kind of question. What are your intentions if you do spin retail in terms of putting debt on there as a potential contributor to the buyback as well? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Okay. My 2 quick follow-ups, please. John, can you confirm still that you are not paying cash taxes in the U.S.? And if you could confirm again your latest thinking on when you might be paying cash taxes in Norway, and I've got one final one, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Great. And my final one is again, I guess, it's a bit like Evan's. It's a bit of an outfield question. But there's been a lot of chatter about rail safety in the Bakken. You guys were early. You and your cars, obviously, it's been a big benefit to you in terms of getting coastal pricing. But can you talk about where your -- the quality of your rail assets as it relates to safety standards and any concerns we should have there about any potential disruption to your coastal pricing? And I'll leave it there.
