Greg Hill: Thanks John. I would like to provide an update on our progress in 2019 as we continue to execute our strategy. Starting with production, in the first quarter, net production averaged 278,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which was above our guidance of approximately 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting strong operating performance across our portfolio. In the second quarter, we expect net production to average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. This reflects the impact from plant shutdown and maintenance activities at North Malay Basin in Malaysia and at the Tubular Bells and Baldpate fields in the Gulf of Mexico, all of which was included in our full year guidance that we provided in January of 270,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. As usual, we will update our full year guidance on our second quarter call in July. In the Bakken, we delivered a strong quarter capitalizing on the success of our new plug-in-perf completion designs. Despite severe weather conditions in the Williston Basin in February, first quarter production averaged 130,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day an increase of more than 17% from the year ago quarter and within our guidance range of 130,000 to 135,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the first quarter, we drilled 38 wells and brought 25 wells online. Weather conditions in the basin have improved. And in the second quarter, we expect to drill approximately 40 wells and bring online approximately 45 new wells. For the full year 2019, we still expect to drill about 170 wells and bring 160 wells online per our January guidance. In the second quarter, we forecast that our Bakken net production will average between 135,000 and 140,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And for the full year 2019, we continue to forecast production to average between 135,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, approximately 20% above 2018 levels. Moving to the offshore, first quarter production performance was strong in our Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia, Thailand assets. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day; and in the Gulf of Thailand, net production averaged approximately 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. Our exploration success on the Stabroek Block continues with three new discoveries so far in 2019 at Tilapia, Haimara and Yellowtail, bringing the total number of discoveries on the block to 13. In terms of drilling activities, the Stena Carron recently completed a drill stem tests of Longtail and is now drilling the top whole section of Hammerhead-2, after which it will begin drilling Hammerhead-3. Following the completion of well operations at Yellowtail, the Noble Tom Madden will drill out Hammerhead-2. Results from these tests will provide data for the operator to size and optimize plan of development for this area. Drilling plans for 2019 also include a second well at Ranger and three additional exploration wells the locations of which are being finalized. Now turning to our Guyana developments. Liza Phase 1 is progressing to schedule. At the Keppel yard in Singapore, installation of topside modules is now complete on the 120,000 barrel of oil per day Liza Destiny FPSO and commissioning activities are underway. The vessel is expected to arrive offshore Guyana in the third quarter of 2019. Drilling over the Phase 1 development wells is proceeding and installation of subsea infrastructure as well advanced with installation of subsea umbilicals, risers and flow lines planned for the second quarter. We're on track to achieve first oil by the first quarter of 2020. Liza Phase 2 will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Six drill centers are planned with a total of 30 wells including 15 production wells, nine water injection wells and six gas injection wells. Government and regulatory approvals are expected soon after which final project sanction will be taken. First oil remains on track for mid 2022. The final investment decision is also expected later this year for a third phase of development Payara, which is expected to have a gross capacity of between 180,000 and 220,000 barrels of oil per day with start off as early as 2023. In closing, our team once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our asset base. Our offshore cash engines continue to generate reliable cash flow. The Bakken is on a strong capital efficient growth trajectory and Guyana continues to get bigger and better, which in combination position us to deliver industry-leading returns, material cash flow generation and significant shareholder value for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks, Bob. Yes, ExxonMobil is indicated they do plan to add a fourth rig to the theater. However, the drilling sequence and all that, we're still working out with the operator. I think they announced, they will come into the theater sometime in September. But what gets drilled on our block and their other blocks joint blocks, we're still working with that with the operator. So stay tuned on that.
Greg Hill: Yes, I think, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we definitely want to get a second well down at Ranger and then we have three other expiration wells right now. The sequence of which are being worked out between us and the operator, also depending on success and what you find remember, you might have an appraisal well or testing or whatever as success continues on the block.
Greg Hill: So, let me start with the appraisal wells. Obviously, the objective of those is to understand the extent of the reservoir and continuity of the reservoir. So, that's really the purpose. Haimara that will feature later in the sequence, again, I think the plan is to have some appraisal wells there as well, but the sequence and cadence of when that comes, again we're still working all that with the operator.
Greg Hill: Yes, let me start with the Brumback [ph] well test. Why we'd do that? It was really designed to better understand open flow potential, and it was a great result because we believe that the well achieved the highest IP-24 ever recorded for U.S. onshore well and that was some 14,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now while we achieved a very high IP rate and it confirmed that our acreage performed very strongly in comparison to other operators. We don't think this completion technique will be the standard practice just simply due to the higher costs and efficiencies. But again, it was a great well, great result. Regarding the testing in the Goliath acreages, as we kind said earlier in the year, we will drill 25 wells or so outside the core areas this year and that's really just to begin to establish what completion practices do we want in different parts of the field. Our current standard design is 36-stage with about 280 entry points. We know that that can vary as we get out to other areas of the field, so we really want to get some wells out in that area to begin to understand and optimize what completion designs will be. Because obviously in the future, those will feature in our inventory, so we want to get ahead of that.
Greg Hill: Well, I think as we said in our opening remarks, we expect first oil by first quarter 2020. The project is going well. The project is ahead of schedule. There is a chance that it will be on before that. I think it's the reason that there is a little bit left in the schedule is because we started all the open water activities. So, I think it's prudent to stick with our buy first quarter 2020 for now until everything shows up in theater and you start the open water work.
Greg Hill: Thanks. So just like you said, we are well-positioned here for this year in 2019 with our hedges that are $95,000 barrels a day to put options at $60 WTI floor. So, we're comfortable and well positioned in 2019. To your point, it is our intention to add positions for 2020 obviously depending on market conditions. We do not have any 2020 positions on right now, but it is our intent to add that just like you said to draw that line in the sand, ensure that we have a strong cash flow next year, as we continue to invest in Guyana and Bakken.
Greg Hill: Yes, so, you're right. We did. In the first quarter, we sold our water business or dropped that down into the upper tier into the Midstream JV. So, that was complete in the first quarter and then also in the first quarter of Midstream did acquire some other North Dakota transportation assets from Summit Midstream partners. So, they did that. They've been busy. And as you know, you mentioned that we are expanding our Tioga Gas Plant from 250 million to 400 million scuffs. So, there's a lot of activity and there is a lot of demand for our infrastructure of North Dakota. So, we're well-positioned for it and we're excited actually for the increase in the gas plant. As far as other assets, we do have other assets in North Dakota; and actually outside in North Dakota, we've talked about the Gulf of Mexico as well, that could be dropped in. So, we will continue to look at that and we will put assets into the Midstream overtime. But as of right now, nothing immediate I would tell you.
Greg Hill: So, we will have a significant -- begin to get significant increase of throughput capacity when the little Missouri four plant comes online. That is expected to come online in the third quarter. So, the Midstream will see and it's not just test, its third parties as well, utilizing our additional capacity at the little Missouri plant. So, it is just the throughput increase that will increase the tariff. Some of it'd been in Hess related and some of it'd be in third party.
Greg Hill: I think I will talk to Phase 2 and John will speak to no-confidence vote. But on Phase 2, as we said in our opening remarks, the approval is eminent. So, we don't expect any issues.
John Hess: Devin, good question. Obviously, a lot of our work this year is to do further appraisal, to start to get more clarity on the answer to your question. ExxonMobil is the operator and we're working closely with them or trying to optimize what that development will be obviously with the bigger resource. We're still looking at phasing, but it is possible that we will be more than five ships going forward to produce oil, but the key is going to be doing further appraisal on the resource that we have and evaluation worked really optimize what the ultimate development will be. So, work in progress.
John Hess: Yes, I think as you mentioned, we did have a good performance in the first quarter and despite the bad weather, we actually got 10 wells last online and what was in our plan, but still were able to stay within the guidance. We guided that these high intensity plug-and-perf completions are delivering a 15% to 20% increase in IP 180 and 5% to 10% increase in EUR versus at previous sliding 60-stage sliding sleeve design. We’re confirming those results. I mean, we're well within that range. Because wherever we're drilling in the first quarter was a little better than that, but that's still going to be our guidance for the year. And as John mentioned in his opening remarks, this is going to increase Bakken NPV by over billion at $60 WTI. So far so good, we're very pleased with the results.
John Hess: Yes, Brian, our first priority as you know is to make sure we have a strong financial position and cash position to fund the first ship in Guyana, the second ship in Guyana and the six-week program we have in the Bakken. So, the strong cash position will be prioritized for investing in those high return projects.
John Hess: Now, I think the Yellowtail was a great result. It had high net to gross. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, 292 feet of that, well had good porosity and it has got good oily fluids that are Liza-like. So, Yellowtail is closer to Liza from a geologic standpoint. And so, we're very pleased with that result.
John Hess: Tilapia, again, a very good well, 300 feet, very high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir, so we're also very pleased to that also. I think the key point here is both of those wells are great talk about are very oily. high quality oil, and really increase our confidence that the greater Turbot area should underpin the fourth and fifth FPSOs that are being contemplated.
John Hess: No, again, we're optimizing our plans. The first three ships are very much defined. The fourth and fifth ship, we still have more appraisal work to do. We're also looking at Hammerhead how that might fit in the queue. But since this is a phase development, it's very manageable from a financial perspective and very much aligned with the financial outlook we gave out to 2025 in our Investor Day in December.
John Hess: In terms of the no-confidence vote, as you probably are aware, the no-confidence vote was overturned in court. It's now going to a higher court to have that ruling upheld. We expect that to occur during the month of May and I can assure you. The current government is running their approval process in the normal course of business, and we don't see the no-confidence vote or the overturned of the no-confidence vote of having any impact in the day-to-day running of the Guyanese government and their oil affairs.
