John B. Hess: Yes, Evan. As you well know, our divestiture process for our Retail business is well advanced. We certainly are prepared to move forward with a spin, and at the same time, we're conducting a parallel process to look at all of our other options, including outright sale. And the process is well underway.
John B. Hess: Sure. Well, the first priority will be to invest for future growth with our balanced approach among unconventionals exploitation and exploration to underpin the 5% to 8% average growth rate going through to 2017 and obviously, want to position beyond that. Obviously, as we move out and our lower risk cash-generative growth increases, there will be more money to consider then besides which we put in investing for growth to increase cash returns to shareholders. So when we get there, obviously, that'll be a priority as well.
John B. Hess: Doug, that decision will be made when the ultimate decision is made for do we spin or sell our Retail business. And then the $4 billion share buyback authorization, that's when we would be focused on do we increase it or not.
John B. Hess: Yes. So let me just put some context on it first. So we're continuing to delineate the play and improve our understanding of our core JD [ph] acreage position. So we're very encouraged by our findings to date, which show that the majority of our -- that 43,000 core net acres that we have in the JD [ph] is located in the play's wet gas sweet spot. Now, recall we have a very high net revenue interest here, about 95%, which really turbocharges the economics. And that acreage is largely held pipe [ph] production are owned in fee. And so then if you look at where we're at in the appraisal process though, we've drilled to date, so this is an inception-to-date, we've drilled about 42 wells. However, we've only tested about 15 so far. So we're still pretty early. But the well results are very encouraging. And if you average all those well results in that kind of wet gas area, it's about 1,800 barrel equivalents per day, and it'll be liquids rates that we quoted in our remarks in the opening. So very high liquids rates, very good rates. So we remain encouraged.
John B. Hess: No, I think what we would rather do is we're well advanced in the divestiture process, and we'll make the announcement when we're ready to make the announcement.
John B. Hess: As you know, Paul, with the completion of our Thailand sale, we've pretty much completed our portfolio restructuring that we announced a year ago on March 4. Retail and Hetco are the only 2 remaining for this year, and they're well underway. Obviously, let's not forget the Bakken infrastructure. That will be a monetization event next year above and beyond anything that we're doing this year. But with the transformation to a pure-play E&P substantially completed, our focus going forward is going to be on operations, driving our lower-risk cash-generative growth and sustainable returns from our portfolio. And any further portfolio reshaping would just be part of the normal course of business operations.
John B. Hess: Greg and I were in Kurdistan about a month ago, and leave it to the Kurdish government to give you updates on their export plans. But the physical capacity is there to export to Turkey, and we're pretty confident that if we have a commercial discovery that can be developed, we'll be in a position to be able to export the oil.
John P. Rielly: What we're going to do, Evan, is anything related to disclosures on that would come through future SEC filings. So should we pursue a spin option. So again I think, as John said, we're well advanced in the processing, and that's where we want to be right now from a disclosure standpoint.
John P. Rielly: So our clear focus right now is focusing on our Bakken midstream assets, and that's where our efforts are going right now. And we're still on track I think on the guidance that we've been saying. So by 2015, we look to have a monetization event relating to those Bakken midstream assets. We plan to get SEC filings in place here in the second half of the year for that. Over time, yes, we have other midstream assets in our portfolio that could ultimately be dropped into that. But that will be at a later point.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So let me just kind of walk you through the math. Thanks for the question. So if you look at 297, which was the first quarter 2014 pro forma production, you can add about 18, which is Bakken and some minor growth in South Arne. And then you have to back off about 11,000 to 12,000 barrels a day due to the planned downtime in JDA. So we're taking that JDA facility down in June to do some tie-ins for the booster compression. So that's where you get the offset of the growth in the Bakken and the small amount in South Arne. And then there's some other very small differences. That gets you to around 300, which is the upper end of the guidance on the 2Q 2014 pro forma.
John P. Rielly: So in the first quarter, right, there was very limited dry hole expense in there. The only thing that was in there was the noncommercial portion of the Kurdistan well, the Triassic section. So there was only a $10 million dry hole in there. So from outside of that, you could call it typical type of run rate there, but we are drilling. There's going to be exploration drilling. It's continuing in Kurdistan. It's continuing in Ghana. So just like you said, Paul, it's very difficult to predict exactly what the expense is going to be. Clearly, our expenditures are staying around that $550 million level that we said for the full year, and it will just depend on the success of the wells.
John P. Rielly: We haven't been specific on that, Paul, outside of saying that the Bakken DD&A is above our portfolio average, and it is a good bit above the portfolio average. So -- and just to remind you, our cash cost though on the Bakken, outside of like a quarter like this with the gas plant being down, its run rate for the cash costs are in line with our portfolio average or a little bit below. And so again, you've got to look at where we are in the process of developing the Bakken. Obviously, volumes are going to begin here to ramp up. So that volume ramp up will continue to lower our cash cost in the Bakken, as well as we continue to produce out and get more performance history in there, and our DD&A rates will come down over time as well.
John P. Rielly: It'll start just slowly each year. So starting in '15 and '16 again as we begin do that, it'll just start to slowly trend down, and you know where our Bakken D&C costs are getting to and the EURs on the wells. So ultimately, it'll track down to that with the inclusion of infrastructure costs.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So, I mean, again first, we'll do it from the Hess standpoint and then third party. So on the Hess standpoint, obviously, the economics are just taking the liquids out and getting better pricing for the liquids versus the gas or the wet gas running through the system. So that increases our economics, and you'll see the flow-through of that on our NGL production and the prices that we get. So you'll see that in the press release. As far as third party, when they're coming in, all contracts are different. And so you run on percentage of proceeds-type contracts where you'll get a certain portion of the liquids that come out that come to Hess that we then sell and get that revenue, not production, but we get that revenue associated with that. There are other contracts where some is percentage of proceeds, some is fractionation fees. So we'll get it up. You'll see that actually in our revenue line not in our production lines, but just our revenue line for E&P.
John P. Rielly: You are absolutely right, Paul. So the economics that I just talked about and the commodity exposure is what Hess will maintain and continue to maintain post an MLP-type transaction. The MLP revenue will be solely fee-based. So the MLP will charge. Even though the contracts will work for Hess, and Hess will maintain all the commodity exposure, the MLP will not have that commodity exposure. It will just be fee-based.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So first with the E&P capital guidance, it is $5.8 billion. That is still the number. And obviously, we'll track it as we go throughout the year. I think the next thing you said -- asked was about our leverage or our debt cap type.
John P. Rielly: Sorry, Paul, yes. So on a go-forward basis, I mean, the guidance that we have been saying is that post 2014 with our capital expenditure profile, we will be free cash flow positive. So we really don't go out and give long-term guidance on where that capital level is, but it's going to be in a range like that of the $5.8 billion, but we're not going to be specific on that right now. The leverage target is not a change for us. The way we think about it is we want to maintain a solid investment-grade credit rating, and so any leverage metrics that we look at are to continue to achieve that solid investment grade, which is BBB+ at least. And then I think the last question...
John P. Rielly: And so what we're going to continue as you've seen with our stock buyback, we have a disciplined approach to the buyback, and that is depending on market conditions. And we plan to continue that disciplined approach. I think as John Hess said earlier, we will update post the announcement of the retail transaction, whether it's a spin or it's a sale on where our authorization is for the stock buyback. So we're going to continue that way. And then as far as dividends go, as you know, we did increase the dividend last year. And John had mentioned that as we look at our free cash flow going forward and we have excess free cash flow as production increases, we will be looking at additional current returns to shareholders at that time.
John P. Rielly: No. I had mentioned it earlier. It's because we had a very limited dry hole expense in there. The only -- it was about $10 million related to the lower Triassic section of the Kurdistan well. And so that's the only dry hole expense in there. We obviously are drilling in Kurdistan, and the next well is about to spud. And then we've got drilling in Ghana. So it's very difficult to predict, but yes, it should be higher.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So I could give you a sense of current volumes right now, Evan. Right now, the plant end-up rates are about 120 million to 140 million cubic feet a day. And roughly 70% of that is Hess-operated production and third is -- and 30% is third party. So obviously as we ramp our production up, our volumes will go up. But our plan is to fill that plant to capacity of 250 million cubic feet a day as rapidly as we can. And then we're also looking at ways to de-bottleneck that facility to further increase the capacity to 300 million cubic feet or higher.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, great. Thanks, Ed. I think first of all, just to say it's early days for us. We've got 17 well pads planned with these 13 wells per DSU. So that's 7 and 6. 7 in the Middle Bakken and 6 in the Three Forks. Early field results, although limited, are very encouraging. We're seeing very little interference in those wells. So I think there's a good chance that if that continues, these will be very, very high return wells just like the current wells are. We're also doing 2 well pads that have 17 per DSU. So that's a 9 and 8, but those will come a little bit later in the year.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as we've said, Doug, our current plan, which is 5 and 4 has 150,000-barrel-a-day target or peak in 2018 with 1.1 million barrels -- or billion barrels recoverable. Obviously, if we go to 7 and 6, that number's -- all those numbers are going to go up because the number of operated drilling locations will go up as well. And so I think you can do the math and figure out that things will go higher. Now what we haven't done yet is determine what rig pace, if this is successful, what rig pace will we prosecute on that acreage. We'll make that decision at the end of this year, and that'll be part of our business planning as we go forward in 2015 plus.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Let me talk about Valhall first, and then I'll go to the Gulf of Mexico. So in Valhall, we've established regular executive level engagements with BP management all the way up to Bob Dudley. And we're actively progressing an agreed plan between our 2 companies. And we're encouraged by the progress that BP is making. In Q1, we saw 2 producers brought online following workovers, and facilities reliability has been considerably improved. So they've worked through a number of the issues. After the redevelopment start up, it was dragging the right reliability down. So we're cautiously optimistic that, that can be sustained, the higher reliability, because it's brand-new kit, it's brand-new equipment out on the platform. Regarding the Gulf of Mexico, the big increase, of course, quarter-on-quarter was at Llano followed by Conger. Now that was, if you recall, Shell had a pipeline go down for 22 days in December. That all came back in January. The Llano contributions actually from the Llano 4 well, that was brought on very late in November. So that's a sustainable volume going forward. And as we mentioned, Valhall was at 37. So that's good performance from Valhall as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think as we said in our opening remarks, the rig is going to show up mid-May, and then we'll prosecute the appraisal program. So by year end, we should have a good understanding of what we have in the appraisal program in Ghana.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, after that, you have to file a development plan with the government assuming that you go forward. And yes, there will be some negotiation in that development plan, but that would be the next step. So that would be a 2015 item that we'd get our development program through the government.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. There will be some seasonal downtime in the North Sea every year in that third quarter. And then you'll have some normal decline at Valhall as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we have put wells in the second bench of the Three Forks, as well as the first bench of the Three Forks. So we do see some -- we do see some potential in the deeper benches of the Three Forks. Now as I've said before, ultimately, the decisions kind of come down to economics. So does the incremental recovery from putting a well in each bench justify the cost of doing that well? Or can a single well access the majority of the reserves anyway? So that's really going to be the question that we're doing. So we're planning our test to help us answer that question. Regarding the Three Forks in general, we estimate that 60% to 65% of our acreage, core acres will be perspective for the Three Forks.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, again, I think we're continuing to delineate the play, and it wouldn't -- I wouldn't want to say that those wells were the same as other wells. Because again in our delineation, we're finding some variation in those well rates. And so no, I wouldn't say those are typical results.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so the -- we're still in the appraisal mode. Therefore, the cost of our wells are still pretty high as we're gathering extensive core log and technical data and plus, we continue to experiment with lateral lengths, stage counts and frac size to really try and figure out what is the optimum development plan here. But what I will say is over the past 12 months, we've achieved about a 50% reduction in per foot drilling costs and a 30% reduction in per stage completion costs. So on a per foot and per stage basis, we're seeing the same things happen that happened in the Bakken as we gain efficiencies in our drilling and completion cost, and we expect that trend will continue.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think that's our strategy now is to figure out what the full-scale development plan will be in 2015. And that's why we're still experimenting a lot with lateral lengths and frac stages and profit loading and all those things you do to try and figure out what the optimum is.
Paul Y. Cheng: I see. And maybe this is for John Rielly. John, when I'm looking at the first quarter exploration expense, I know that this is close to impossible item to be really precisely predict. But should we view that as somewhat of a normalized run rate going forward because that is much lower than what we typically experience or that normally expected from the company over the last several years.
Paul Y. Cheng: Okay. And for -- 2 final question for John Rielly. On the -- when you're talking about the DD&A going up in the second quarter because of higher Bakken production, we look at it and ballpark estimate, it seems to suggest that the Bakken unit DD&A may be around in the $35 pass. Is that on the ballpark correct? So that we can use it to estimate in the future what should we assume the DD&A as Bakken production go up.
Paul Y. Cheng: And as we're preparing this for a MLP listing next year, is it a -- any particular strategy from the management standpoint that whether you want to move your contract one way or the other to become more fee-based or that you're still okay with more on sort of the take on the commodity progress given that the 2 revenue streams have a very quite different on the multiple.
