John P. Rielly: Sure. This will clearly improve our F&D costs as we move forward. I mean, part of our strategy of divesting these high-cost assets is to free up capital, accelerate value and be able to put that capital into our high return Guyana and Bakken assets. So if you look at Guyana, I mean, right now, if you just take phase one, that's a $7 F&D. If you just look at the gross costs there associated with Liza and the reserves that we're going to get, it's a $7 F&D. Take our Bakken numbers. Again, under $10 F&D. So we'll have a substantial improvement and that is, again, part of the key of this portfolio strategy moves are to get this capital to invest in these great return assets. The other thing, the other aspect of it, as you said, Norway was not generating much cash flow from us at all. We have significant abandonment expenditures. Actually Norway was only going to provide us $20 million of net cash flow in the quarter. I mean, sorry, for 2017. EG, like you said, was in decline. So there was $170 million of net cash flow in 2017, but we weren't investing because it didn't compete for capital. So the way we look at this, from a net cash flow standpoint, the proceeds that we got, we received a 14 times multiple on that net cash flow. So again that – and also that net cash flow on Norway was not going to improve here through 2020. EG was going to decline, so that wasn't going to be generating much free cash flow for us in our portfolio. As John mentioned too with the high costs of all these assets coming out of the portfolio and our cost reduction program, we can really start driving down our break-evens on F&D and our portfolio cash costs will be driven down under $10. So, again we just think just great strategic moves for us and our portfolio.
John P. Rielly: And can I – I just also want to clarify one thing on your question, because again we're seeing all positives. But the way – when you asked the question you said the increase in costs from second quarter to third quarter. If you're looking at our supplement, make sure you look at the footnote down there. We have apples and oranges between the second and third quarter. If we had broken out in the second quarter the 60, 140,000 wells and the 50, 70,000 there was no increase actually in cost from the same type of wells being drilled. The thing was we were just doing pilots here in the first and second quarter, so we were only putting the 50-stage fracs with the 70,000 pounds proppant there. And so now in the third quarter, since we've moved basically to the 60, 140,000s, we're just including all the wells there. So I just wanted to clarify that there's no real increase in our well cost.
John P. Rielly: At this point, I'd still – I'd stick with that guidance and here's what the difference is from that last quarter is. So we do have the asset sales. So Norway, you're in that $120 million to $130 million of capital this year that will not be there next year. EG was very low. Now, as Greg mentioned, we are considering adding two more rigs in the Bakken during 2018. So you do have that type of offset. So, we're still looking at being flat, but we're going to be going through our normal budget and plan process and we'll be updating that with our fourth quarter numbers.
John P. Rielly: So in the third quarter when you compare the third quarter to second quarter, actually even with DAPL, the Clearbrook was essentially unchanged, the second quarter to third quarter. And now, a good majority of our production doesn't go to Clearbrook. Just like all other operators, you have to get it out of the basin. So with Clearbrook essentially unchanged, and you're moving your product outside of North Dakota, you just have some additional cost comparatively between the second and third quarter even with DAPL starting up. So that's where that is in the third quarter. Now right at the end of the third quarter going into the fourth quarter, Clearbrook has clearly improved. So, those values from Clearbrook would show up more in the fourth quarter.
John P. Rielly: Well, first you should start with that, that the new projects or the projects like Bakken and Guyana, they're going to have better returns than the assets that we're divesting. So clearly, that's going to drive improvements in cash costs and DD&A and F&D, everything as we spoke about before. As far as just accounting, we go through and it goes on a quarterly basis. You evaluate what prices are. We'll be going through our budget and plan with the board and setting price (00:55:57) in the fourth quarter and we'll look at all assets at that point in time on where prices are, and then you go through your normal impairment reviews at that point in time. But that will happen on a quarterly basis.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So I mean, just now when you look at our portfolio now and as we get through to 2020 with Guyana, we want to be in a situation right that we set ourselves up in this portfolio that we've got a low-cost, cash-generative portfolio and have the ability through these asset sales to bring cash forward to pre-fund effectively Guyana. What Malaysia now provides us, and I'm saying now is because we were developing North Malay Basin. North Malay Basin now is coming on. It's ramping up to its full production capacity. Putting North Malay Basin and JDA together, I guess the best way I'd describe this as a nice long-term infrastructure asset that provides this cash brick. Just cash flows year-in, year-out in your portfolio and it's both the JDA and North Malay Basin. Obviously their PSCs, prices go down, you get coverage as prices go down. So it's a great part, that this Malaysia asset is just really key for us to drive our cash flow to help fund our assets. Now, go forward, you never know long-term what happens, but Malaysia is right now a key core asset for us to generate cash flow and drive us through to 2020 as Guyana comes on.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So I gave on – when I gave the pro forma numbers, you saw the benefit that we were recording was – our actual was 18% in the third quarter and on a pro forma basis, that goes down to 2%. So it all depends that – what that means is as you can tell, those assets had losses and were generating losses in the portfolio. And so, we'll have less losses and you won't be benefiting, just like you said, at those higher tax rates.
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean obviously I think we've said it over and over. The whole goal of our strategy here in these portfolio moves are to improve the returns on invested capital. So that's what we're focused on. So now by selling those high cost assets and just from that prior question, as you know, those assets, just from, as I told you on a pro forma tax rate, were generating losses in the portfolio, and you're right. We are doing all this and planning for, can you call it a low price or an extended $50 oil price environment, and we believe we set ourselves up to win in this $50 environment because one, now we have the cash to be able to fund Guyana just like you said. And then the assets that we will be investing in which are Guyana and we've gone through the returns there, and I know we've gone through this, we have it in our investor deck of how Guyana can compete and actually do better than even some Permian, Delaware type assets in a low price environment. So, that will improve our returns. And like we said earlier, Liza has a $7 F&D, so that will drive down DD&A. The Bakken as well will continue with the investments that we have at four rigs and as you know, we're evaluating going to six rigs. The reason we're evaluating going to six rigs is because of the tremendous returns that we see in our portfolio there and we have plenty of well locations that work at sub $50. So that will also, a low F&D and improved returns in both Bakken and Guyana are going to be at a cash cost lower than our current portfolio average. So the returns that we generate there are going to improve and the point and the goal and I guess the way you can measure it is, as we say post Guyana in a $50 world, when that comes up, it's all these investments will be generating free cash flow post the Guyana production starting up. And then as you will start to see that, we'll generate, post the Guyana production again, net income will continue to increase along with that cash flow. So it is all about trying to shift and reallocate the capital in our portfolio to the highest returns and we believe these Bakken and Guyana investments will really drive that improvement in return on capital employed.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So I mean, you heard at least from a pro forma standpoint, we're dropping in the third quarter. It went over $1. So that's one thing just starting there.
John P. Rielly: When these assets come out of the portfolio, you're going to get that. Every time we bring on a new barrel in the Bakken, with this F&D, that's driving down our DD&A rate. And then Guyana, now the big change there with the F&D there, that won't happen until 2020. So it's just going to be a progression as we move through from 2017 to 2020 on driving down that DD&A rate. And like you said on the – we talked about on the cash cost, you can just start from where we are right now at $14 driving it down to under $10 as we go to 2020. So it's just going to be that slow progression on cash costs and DD&A as we move through.
John P. Rielly: No, I can't exactly at this point, but I can do that on the fourth quarter. With all else being the same, you would use this pro forma number of that I said were $23.72, and then that would come down based on the investments and the growth that we have in the Bakken coming through. So it'll be lower than that number in 2018. And then we'll continue to look at all the assets and on our portfolio mix, it depends on where production is as we go into 2018. And I'll update on our call then.
John P. Rielly: So what we have in those numbers to get down to the $10 is, I'm not assuming any efficiencies per se in there. So, I mean, again our teams have been really good on continuing to drive down our cash costs across our portfolio. So there are potential upside to those numbers. So you do have the higher-cost barrels that will be coming out and then you have the $150 million of cost savings which I did not factor into those numbers there. Then, what helps to drive is kind of the – going back to what Greg was talking about on the pro forma production momentum. So you have North Malay Basin which is coming in at the full rate starting in 2018. That is one of the lowest cash cost assets we have in the portfolio. Stampede coming on. Gulf of Mexico assets very low cost, so that will continue to drive down the cash costs and then you have the Bakken. So activity levels that we talked about in here, we've got four rigs in there. We know we're considering going to six. We have the four rigs and the additional production, as you can talk about our oil production growth of 10% per year. With that our low cash costs will also drive down the cost. And then obviously when Guyana comes on you get the final piece to drive it down. So, yeah, no, we're not assuming any heroic efficiencies or anything in there. It's the quality of our assets and the investments in these high-return assets along with the start-up of our developments that will drive these costs down to $10 and below.
John P. Rielly: So it will be across the board. I mean, I think, you will see the majority from an income statement line item will be in the G&A line item. But we will have some that will be – some of our reduction will be in our operating costs as well. And just so – like we will be finishing all our work on that and our organization redesigning in 2018 and we will have transition costs in 2018 that offset some of these savings. So it's really, from 2019 on is where you'll see this $150 million cost savings kind of flowing through our numbers.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. It's a big number. I mean obviously with Norway, EG and then Denmark being sold, there is a reduction in our portfolio and what we're doing is just rationalizing our fixed cost base that we have here to support our production portfolio. And it's just going to be part of that. We've done high level design on this. The reductions will be across all aspects be it central functions, be it corporate, be it E&P. So we're looking at all of that. And as I said, you'll start to see it in 2018 because we will be enacting it. It's just that we will have transition costs in 2018 and get the full benefit in 2019.
John P. Rielly: So look, we have put it on paper and we feel comfortable, very comfortable with that $150 million. You've got to factor in a lot of ancillary costs. So you've got supply chain activities in every one of those areas. We've got tax activities in every one of those areas. We do have finance support in all of those areas, IT support in all of those areas. So we've looked at all of that. And so, it will be head count, it will be other operational type costs that will be reduced and I will tell you I feel very comfortable about the $150 million by 2019. Again we will incur this transition cost in 2018.
John P. Rielly: The bulk of this was because the support is really for our E&P, so the bulk of it will be in the E&P numbers, being able to reduce our costs within E&P, but there's going to be clearly corporate cost reductions as well.
John P. Rielly: So, at this point, we're not going to provide that number. The cost reduction of $150 million are going to run across the board. There will be head count reductions, there will be vendor cost reductions, just due to the size of the portfolio getting smaller. But it's just premature for me to give those type of numbers.
John P. Rielly: So, your estimates are exactly right on the cash flow and that the asset sales are coming into to fund this great opportunity that we have in Guyana. As you said, you have that phase one cost. We don't have any guidance out there. The only thing I will tell you is that the initial phase one FPSO has a capacity of 120,000 barrels per day. It has not been landed what phase two and phase three are, but it could be likely to be at a larger size than that 120,000 [barrels per day]. But outside of that, we haven't had any additional guidance that we're able to give out at this point in time.
John B. Hess: And I also have to say, you know, I think our asset sales programs exceeded expectations with really high outcomes for the Norway, EG and Permian and we exceeded expectations, I'd say both in terms of proceeds and timing on a NAV basis. So we're very pleased with those outcomes and we brought a lot of value forward for assets that were high cost that really weren't generating much cash.
John B. Hess: Right. We're all about focusing our portfolio on returns. And one of the reasons John said that about, you know, we certainly don't intend to pursue any M&A activity is because of returns and that our reshaped portfolio provides us with superior returns, investing in what we have obviously led by Guyana and the Bakken compared to any other outside opportunities. We're always looking to optimize the portfolio. We said that we would sell the higher-cost, lower-return assets to basically pre-fund Guyana. I think as I said before, we should celebrate the outstanding results we had because basically that cash allows us to pre-fund Guyana which is extremely high return. So it's all about returns. It's all about capital discipline. It's not about volume. It's about value and we're building a portfolio that I think will be very resilient in a low price environment, but have world class cash cost per barrel that really will position us for a decade plus of outstanding returns and cash generation.
John B. Hess: Yeah. Obviously, we're very aware of the importance of cash returns to shareholders given the much stronger position we're going to have in terms of cash and liquidity. We just need some more visibility into Exxon's plans for phase two and phase three of the Liza development, which we should have in the next month or so. But until we have this clarity, and you talked about dividends, but whether it's dividend or share buyback, we initially – and which is really cash returns to shareholders, we initially plan to maintain a strong liquidity position. But we will clearly consider improving cash returns to shareholders as appropriate once we have that visibility.
John B. Hess: Thanks, Doug. Obviously, I think the first point is, we just completed these asset sales yesterday with outstanding results. And I think we brought a lot of value forward, certainly exceeded on an NAV basis most of the third-party estimates, and certainly exceeded expectation in terms of both proceeds and timing, so this just happened yesterday. That's number one. Number – and really what that does, as you point out in a $50 forever world and whatever one's views of oil prices are, you want to be financially prudent here, we basically brought forward these values and bolstered the cash on the balance sheet that we can pre-fund Guyana. And that's a big deal, because Guyana is great return. People often talk about living within your means. Well, by bringing the cash forward we are living within our means, meaning that we can pre-fund this world-class investment opportunity. Having said that, now that we have completed the sales, we can deliberate and bring clarity to the very question you're asking. And the importance of cash returns to shareholders given the strength of our cash and current liquidity position obviously gives us an opportunity to consider bolstering cash returns to shareholders as appropriate. We are going to do that. We want a little more visibility into Exxon's plans for phase two and three of the Liza development in Guyana. But once we have that clarity, I can assure you, we are going to clearly consider improving the cash returns to our shareholders as appropriate because you're right; our stock is a great investment.
John B. Hess: Yeah, and we're also taking advantage of the export market. Year-to-date we've had three exports. In fact I think we were one of the first companies if not the first company to export Bakken crude a year ago. So we actually have had four exports over the last 12 months or so. So, we basically optimize all of our marketing outlets to maximize value and over time that's created relative superior value at the wellhead versus any of our competitors in the Bakken.
John B. Hess: Yeah, and another way to bring perspective to it from a strategic viewpoint, is the cornerstone or core of our portfolio is going to be Guyana and Bakken which are low-cost, high-return growth assets and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia, which are low-cost cash-generating assets. The focus in the portfolio is much sharper. It's the areas that are low cost and basically we are redeploying the capital from the high cost mature assets into the low cost high return assets. And at the same time, simplifying and focusing the portfolio which we think will bring forward a lot of value for our shareholders.
John B. Hess: Now that there's clarity on the border dispute, we can proceed with the best way to optimize the value of the asset.
John B. Hess: Yeah. Just for phase one, as we've said in meetings with investors, just phase one in and of itself, you get your cash back in about three years from first production. So that's infinitely superior to any shale investment you would make that's seven to 10 years, even the best of shale. So the cash-on-cash returns in Guyana are much superior to anything you can get in shale. It's not to disparate shale. Shale's a different investment profile, but Guyana is truly superior to almost any other investment you can make in the E&P space in the world. So we can talk intelligently about phase one because we've authorized it. We just have to wait for the phasing a phase two and phase three to give you the macro picture on Guyana itself for Hess.
John B. Hess: Yeah, I think the key point here is the Bakken itself has to be cash generative. One of the reasons we went to two rigs and then four was to ensure in a low price environment, it would not only grow, but be cash generative. But one of the holdbacks on the Bakken was the corporate cash position. Now that the corporate cash position is better, we can invest in the higher-return low-cost projects, the Bakken really is one of those first calls on capital along with Guyana. And that really underpins sort of the base spend along with some of the investment that we still have to do in Stampede and the JDA even though they're going from cash users to cash generators. So that really speaks for like 90% of the spend that we're going to have next year and I can assure you, we're going to keep it very tight, minimize the outspend, but most of the outspend is being driven by the need to invest in Guyana which again, offers superior returns to almost anything else in the E&P business. So we're very mindful of the corporate position and that's why we're really redeploying the proceeds from the high-cost, lower-return and mature assets to the lower-cost, high-return assets which really positions the company for a much lower unit cost and improved cash generator and return on capital employed for many years to come.
John B. Hess: Yeah. We've had over the last two years probably a 30% reduction in head count. And there's more to come. So, people want the sizing. Obviously it's a work in progress. It has to do with a reshaped portfolio, we'll reshape the organization, minimize corporate and then really right size the organization to support the asset portfolio we're going to have. So, we don't want to front run the announcement on that. But at the end of the day, I want you to know, there's been significant reductions already.
John B. Hess: Yeah. I mean, the thing on phase two and phase three, I would say Exxon's pretty far along on getting that definition. We just want a little more clarity on that. So, it's not that far out in time, when we would be able to get that clarity. And then, while we want to maintain a strong liquidity position to make sure we can prefund Guyana, which is a great investment, once we have that clarity, obviously we will clearly consider cash returns to shareholders as appropriate.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think as we mentioned it in our opening remarks, we are giving consideration to increasing the rig count in the Bakken in 2018 to six rigs. We have not made that decision, but it certainly it'll be part of our calculus as we do the budget this year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. No, it's I mean it's primarily return's driven. We've just got such an outstanding inventory in the Bakken of wells that deliver outstanding returns all the way down to $40 and $50, so we want to get after that, that business in 2018. Again, have not made the decision yet, but we're giving it strong consideration.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. You bet. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, our average well costs in the quarter were $5.8 million and about three quarters of the wells were these high proppant loading wells, 140,000 pounds per stage and those averaged about $6 million in the quarter. We fully expect those costs to come down as we apply lean manufacturing to the new completion design. The results of the 60-stage wells, again as I said in my remarks, are encouraging. They're early in their type curves. But again, the EURs are anticipated to be over 1 million barrels per well in 2017. The actual uplift for modeling and predictive analytics is estimating a 10% to 15% uplift in IP90 rates and we're actually seeing that in the field. So, so far, things are matching the models. I do want to get more type curve performance, but in January of 2018, we'll be able to give new guidance on what is our standard completion design? What IP90s can we expect? What well costs can we expect? And what EURs can we expect? But so far, very encouraging and value accretive moving to the 60 stages and the 140,000 pounds per stage.
Gregory P. Hill: Let me talk about this mix issue, because we always get the question. The first thing is there's no change in product mix at the wellhead. So overall GORs have remained flat at about 1550 standard cubic feet per barrel of oil and we expect, you know, our oil mix to stay in this kind of low-60% range for long time. Now the decrease in Q3 reflects two things. First is lower oil production due to the weather, because we had lower field availability overall and lots of road closures and then that was coupled with a 20% increase in previously flared wells being connected to our gas gathering system. So you had lower oil volumes due to weather, plus you had a significant uptick in the number of previously flared wells being added to that midstream business that we have. So that's what's causing the mix change quarter-to-quarter. Now, as I said we expect to remain in the low-60s, lower 60s, for the foreseeable future. Oil, however, is expected to grow at 10% a year with four rigs, but we will continue to hook up more previously flared gas to generate more profit in our Midstream business. So, there will be these quarter-to-quarter fluctuations depending on all those various well hook ups.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, thanks. So, first of all thanks. I mean Stampede is about six months ahead of schedule and it's running well below budget, particularly on the drilling side. On the drilling side we're 15% to 20% below AFE on the drilling side, so that's going extremely well. I think what the industry has learned in the Gulf of Mexico is that you need to ramp these wells up slowly and carefully. So we don't expect to reach our peak in Stampede until 2019. Our current development scope has six producers and four water injectors and those will be ramped up slowly over 2018.
Gregory P. Hill: Doug, let me split your question into two. The first one is just fourth quarter guidance compared to our third quarter actual production, which I think was part of your question. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the asset sales will be 14,000 to 15,000 barrels a day negative depending on timing. We talked about the knock-on effects in the Gulf of Mexico, particularly as it's associated to Penn State-6, and then the unplanned maintenance downtime from the Shell operated facility on Enchilada that affects Conger. The combination of those two things is about 8,000 barrels a day. And then you get the reversal of that temporary NEI adjustment in JDA, which is another 8,000. Now all that's offset though by North Malay Basin coming up to full field ramp up and then also the Bakken. So that's why we guided this 290,000 to 300,000 [barrels of oil equivalent per day] in the fourth quarter relative to the 299,000 [barrels of oil equivalent per day] that we experienced in the third quarter. In regards to your momentum question, I mean if you think about it, year-to-date we've only been op – our average rig count in the Bakken is three. That'll be fully four rigs as we go into 2018. And as John Rielly mentioned, that could be six rigs in 2018. That's one piece. We have Stampede coming on stream in early 2018 now, in the first quarter. So, that'll be another strong production momentum. And the final thing is you'll have North Malay Basin fully at plateau. So, those three pieces are really what are going to provide the strong production momentum as we go into 2018.
Gregory P. Hill: Hey, Evan, this is Greg. So again Exxon's still working on it. We are in early phases of feed on phase two, but we just can't be specific yet on the exact timing of when phase two and phase three could come about. I mean, clearly with 2.25 billion to 2.75 billion barrels of recoverable, you're going to need more than just phase one to get at that. But timing on both of those, I don't want to comment on because Exxon's still in various phases of planning that. We should have clarity on that, as John mentioned, as we go through the budget process by year end.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, thanks for that, Evan. I figured that would come up. So you know in the third quarter the IP90s averaged 840 barrels of oil per day, which is fully in line with our guidance of 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day]. Now in the second quarter, we had IP90s that were in over 1,000 [barrels of oil per day]. So what's driving that? Really simple. It's where the rigs were located. So those IP90s in the second quarter were reflecting eight wells in the core of the core of the Keene area, which is the absolute best area in the field. I think, you know, if you step back though, you know, as John mentioned in some of his remarks, our IP90s have averaged 890 barrels of oil per day over the first three quarters of 2017 versus 580 barrels a day over those same three quarters in 2016. So that's an improvement of about 50%, you know, just comparing year-on-year in IP90. So the trend is outstanding. And again, that's from these higher stage counts, and then as we move into higher proppant loading as well. So the quarterly fluctuation is purely a function of well mix. And as we added rigs 3 and 4 in the Bakken, we had to spread those rigs out because operationally you had (01:02:05) issues, infrastructure that you're trying to balance. So you moved outside of that, you know fantastic core of the core rock in Keene. You had to put rigs in other areas of the field. But again, just look at the overall average; very substantial improvement in IP90s.
Gregory P. Hill: It will. I mean, in terms of operational flexibility, you'll have to move into other areas of the field if you have 6 rigs versus 4 and we'll give guidance on that if we make the decision to go to 6.
Gregory P. Hill: No. It's too early to comment on that because again, it depends on the timing of phases two and three. And we hope to get clarity about that from the operator in ExxonMobil before the end of the year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So Block 42 in Suriname as you mentioned, we see that as being part of the same play fairway as Liza. We're currently interpreting in 3D seismic there and evaluating to drill a well in 2018. So Block 42 looks great and of course we also, as you know, entered Block 59 along with ExxonMobil and Statoil; that's a third, a third, a third equity each. That's a very big block. That's 500 Gulf of Mexico blocks. We also see it as part of the same play fairway as Liza and the co-ventures now we're just beginning to plan seismic program. So 42, likely a well in 2018; 59, too early to comment on when we might be drilling there because we got to get the seismic done first.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think the Utica as you know, the only challenge with the Utica right now is just that the netbacks, because it's infrastructure constrained. We see those infrastructure constraints opening up in 2018/2019. I always have to remind people it's a good position in the Utica. It's in the heart of liquids window. It only has 5% royalty. It just needs some help on price. It offers good growth. Currently, it doesn't and it currently it does not compete with the Bakken obviously. So, it's going to be a function of price as to what we do with Utica. But it's got good returns at a reasonable gas price, so.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Paul, obviously it's – we're very excited by the discovery as we mentioned in our opening remarks, because it opens up a new province or area in the southeastern part of the block. It's too early to kind of speculate on how much volume it's going to take, et cetera. It's got its own sort of unique attributes, but it's very encouraging and very exciting. We will want to get an appraisal well in it sometime in 2018. Once we have that appraisal well, we'll have a better idea of go-forward development plans for that, I'll call it the greater Turbot area.
Gregory P. Hill: It's broken into just a couple of sand packages, but there's one very large thick package within that column. So that's going to be the big target.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think again Paul, you have to look at kind of what our guidance is for the year. So 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day] is what we guided for the IP90s for the year. And again in Q2, the core of the core, which was the Keene area, and it was only eight wells, the IP90s coming in there were around over 1,000 [barrels of oil per day]. So I would just say, look at the average. The 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day] is a good reflection of the average at the core that we're drilling this year.
Gregory P. Hill: No, those were – so Paul, just let me clarify that. So in Q2, we quoted over 1,000 IPs. Again, that's eight wells right in the heart of the Keene. So that is the average of eight wells and they were all about the same. So they were all around that 1,000 to 1,100 oil IP90.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think you're in the range. Again it's early days so I want to see more type curve performance before I'd be definitive, but you're definitely in the range. I just wanted to clarify one thing John said. The spend in Malaysia next year is not JDA; it's actually North Malay as we have to add some more wells to stay at capacity.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, it is. I mean it's basically a stratigraphic trap, so it's like the Liza complex, again playing the stratigraphic traps that get trapped in the rim of the bowl as the sediments before they plunge down into the basin. Very similar.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. You bet. So, I think again, I think as I said last time, it's really a tale of two cities, right? So, in offshore we see flat to further declining costs, rigs and shipyard construction in particular are experiencing further downward pressure, which is being reflected in the Guyana development. Onshore, industry cost trends are increasing, but you know, as we mentioned, we have taken steps to contain the costs by not only locking in rig and pumping rates, but also pre-purchasing sand and putting in place some longer term contracts on many of those services. So, at least in 2018, those steps that we've made in our lean manufacturing approach, we think we can deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation. There will be some, but it will likely be single-digit. It won't be massive. Now as we do our budget in 2019, we'll be relooking at all that. The pressure on sand has gone off as more mines have opened up. That was a transitory thing, and that's why we locked in the proppant, and we're still in the money on that deal. So that turned out to be a good deal on the end.
Paul Cheng: Right, because it seems like Keene is maybe is more like in the 1,300 to 1,500 [barrels of oil per day], I would assume.
Paul Cheng: And can you tell us that what is the number of head count that you plan to reduce, and where is the ...
Paul Cheng: Is it in the corporate headquarter or is going to be in your Houston office, or what kind of function because...
Paul Cheng: Yeah, because I just scratching my head on E&P given that in (01:23:32) you are not a operator so I would imagine the cost, your back office support cost associated there is not that great or not that high and just for Denmark and EG, since the elimination of those two assets translate into $150 million in reduction in G&A because that seems a very high number.
