John Hess: Okay. Let me take your first question. So yes, you are right. This is a really good thing. The volumes in the third quarter due to higher midstream capture. So the first thing I want to say that is it's not a reservoir issue at all. There is no material change in the GOR at the wellhead. I think it's important to note that in the third quarter we had very strong oil production growth. So, it was 12% increase versus the Q2 level. So, the oil is doing great. And as you mentioned, the higher natural gas and NGL volumes amounted to about 7,000 barrels a day and that was due to two things. First of all, the increased capture from the Little Missouri 4 gas plant that came on in July. And then secondly, as you mentioned, the higher gas and NGL entitlement under our POP contracts. Now how those POP contracts are going to perform in the future is obviously going to be a function of NGL prices. Seasonally, in the fourth quarter, we lowered our expectations for those typically because NGL prices are higher with the weather. Now as we look forward, I think what we can say is that we expect that the Bakken oil percentage is going to average approximately 60%, low-60s on a go forward basis. Now, one other thing I will say is, if NGL prices stay low, there is a chance that it will actually be higher than the 200,000 barrels a day as a result of additional POP volume. So this is all a very good thing. Now, on your second question in terms of performance of the Bakken wells, you are right. Extremely pleased with the performance of the team, both not only on the productivity side. So the plug and perf is, on average, exactly on track with what we expected. The 15% uplift in IP180s, the 5% uplift in EURs, well on track for that. But the second thing I am really proud of the team on is their performance on the cost side. Recall, we started the first quarter of the year at $7.3 million a well. Second quarter, we came in at $7 million a well. And the third quarter, we came in at $6.7 million a well. Now all of that is lean manufacturing gains primarily. We are also doing some technology things where we ran some fiber-optic in the wells that allowed us to reduce our stage count and that also led to our lower well cost. Now we are marching our way towards the $6 million a well that we talked about at Investor Day and if we are successful in achieving that $6 million well cost, it's going to add a further $1 billion to the NPV of the Bakken. So we are well on track from a productivity standpoint and a well cost standpoint.
John Hess: Yes. Sure. So obviously, it's a very important part of the portfolio, strong cash generation. We have outstanding capability there, not only in terms of exploration but also project delivery. So the way we think about the Gulf of Mexico is, think of it as being relatively flat at about 65,000 barrels a day over the next several years. And we are confident that we can keep it at that level really through a combination of high-value, short-cycle exploitation projects and infrastructure-led exploration. A couple of examples of that. Obviously the Llano-5 well, which we talked about in our opening remarks, still ramping but producing 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, net to us. And then in terms of ILX, the Esox-1 discovery, which we are very pleased with the outcome of the well, 191 feet of light oil-bearing high-quality Miocene reservoir, exceeding our pre-drill expectations. And the thing I would say about Esox is, this is not your typical tieback in terms of size. This is a significant discovery that's going to generate very high returns and cash flow, particularly since it's tied into that existing slot and will be brought online very quickly. So discovery to first oil is a matter of a few months. Now the evaluation of that well, the result is still ongoing. And we intend to provide further updates including a resource estimate, production rate, et cetera early next year after we have some dynamic production data. But I really wanted to highlight Esox, because I think it's a great example of what we think we can do in the Gulf in the short term and the next well up, which is similar to Esox is the Oilfield ILX well. Now beyond that, we will need a new hub to keep it flat or grow it. And as we have acquired those leases over the past five years that John mentioned in his opening remarks, we see some 25 leads and prospects in there. So we have got a fairly healthy inventory.
John Hess: And I think another point that needs to be made is the production ramp-up from first oil discovery to production in five years is industry-leading performance and we are very proud of the job. The joint venture is done, specifically ExxonMobil as our operator in bringing that forward and that's going to auger well for our future developments as well.
John Hess: And our exploration and appraisal program that we are doing this year, last of which is Tripletail, which is still under evaluation, is going to give us more granularity to sort of give guidance on what the fourth and fifth ship or potentially a sixth ship in that southeastern Turbot Hub area. So I would think next year we can give more clarity on the phasing of the fourth and fifth ship and future ships potentially thereafter.
John Hess: In terms of basically, the Bakken program in general continues to meet all expectations. We are on track for the 15% on average IP180 increase due to the plug and perf. We are on track for the 120,000 to 125,000 barrels of oil of IP180. So basically all on track. There was nothing remarkable necessarily about the third quarter. Now, we did have lower wells online, but they did outperform in the third quarter.
John Hess: Well, very much we laid this out in our Investor Day as our long term plan out to 2025. We are on track to execute that strategy, which is 20% cash flow from operations growth, 10% production growth out to 2025. We are on track. Our results this year underpin it. Our results next year that we forecast underpin it. And that's how we really look at any guidance we would say. We put out a long term strategy and we are executing it. Having said that, as our cash engines continue to generate cash and then the Bakken starts becoming a major cash engine, 2021 and beyond and Guyana, 2022 and beyond, obviously we will be a significant free cash flow generator. We see that free cash flow compounding over time and the first call will be continuing to invest in our high-return projects. As John Reilly said, 75% of our CapEx in that $3 billion range goes to the Bakken and Guyana. But once we start to generate free cash flow on a recurring basis, our top priority will be starting to return capital to our shareholders on a consistent basis and the first priority there will be increasing the dividend.
John Hess: Because our free cash flow increases over time, I think the best way to look at it is the majority of that free cash flow will be returned as capital to shareholders. I think that's the best way to look at it.
John Hess: As Greg mentioned earlier, about 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter was due to a combination of the increased gas capture and the POP. So you can get a feel for that number there. Now again, we are forecasting a higher NGL price, so lower POP volumes for the fourth quarter. So you would have to bake the 7,000 in overall for the year divided by four quarters. So there's an additional 2,000 barrels a day coming in through that. And then we should get picked up a little bit more gas capture in the fourth quarter as well. So nothing specific, nothing that's driving a significant increase in the production from that, but it is a factor, as Greg mentioned.
John Hess: And also, depending upon market conditions, we will certainly look at adding to our hedge position for 2020 that really is going to look to protecting the downside. We think that's prudent and we are just being disciplined about how we think about that.
John Hess: Yes. So as you recall, there's two blocks in Suriname. So let me talk about each one separately. So in Block 42, we believe there is excellent potential there and a second exploration well is currently being planned for 2021. So there will be nothing on Block 42 in 2020. Recall, Kosmos is the operator there, Hess has a 33.3% interest as does Chevron as well as Kosmos. So third, a third, a third. On Block 59 in Suriname, recall the operator is ExxonMobil there. And what's going on there is the operator's nearing completion of a 2D seismic acquisition on the block. Following that, the data will undergo processing. Then we will shoot a smaller, more focused 3D survey in and around any prospectivity that's identified. And so the first exploration well will likely be spud in 2022 on that block. And the other partners are Hess and Statoil each, with a third again.
John Hess: Yes. Look, our production continues in Libya. Obviously, there is significant civil unrest there. So giving more clarity, other than that is a hard thing to do. It's a cash generator, not that material. But at the end of the day, operations continue but it's subject to disruption based upon political unrest. And so far it's been fairly stable.
John Rielly: And you can assume it for capital planning purposes, this would be within our long term capital plan and probably have two wells a year. It might be infrastructure-led, hub class, all infrastructure-led, all hub class, but about two shots on goal a year.
John Rielly: No. Roger, this was all part of our plan. Now, we will give guidance for 2020 in January. But kind of I mentioned it on the last call and consistent with our Investor Day, we expect our capital and exploratory spend for 2020 to be approximately $3 billion. And it's going to be exactly what we said back in that Investor Day. We are only investing in that high-return, low-cost opportunities like Esox that you just mentioned in order to grow that free cash flow in a disciplined and reliable manner. But our capital really through 2025, 75% of forward spend is going to be allocated to our world-class assets in Guyana and the Bakken and everything you talked about now with wells, we do expect to be more efficient in the Bakken, because as with lean, we will reduce the cost, we will get maybe more wells in 2020 verses 2019. But that's all factored into that $3 billion spend that I mentioned.
John Rielly: No. I think you should assume a three to four month ramp in production. We want to get a lot of dynamic data, including some potential build-ups along the way. So this was all designed to slowly ramp the wells up and see what we have got going on the reservoir. First well is in the reservoir. That's not uncommon in deepwater to do that.
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. And really what I will do is on the January call that we gave the forecast for the year, that's when we will give some more detailed explanations on this. But you are exactly right. So the way that contract works after the cost recovery, the profit oil, they split for the government and the working interest owners. And the government out of its profit oil pays for the taxes of the working interest owners. So what that requires us to do is record a tax. So we will have a tax line associated with our Guyana production and then what you have is up above in revenue essentially additional barrels being recorded to offset that tax. So the revenue line up above will offset that tax line. Now we will lay that out as we get through the year and I will get through the full forecast, we get Exxon's numbers and then put it together with all our numbers, I will lay out what the tax rate looks like for next year. It can be a little more specific about Guyana. But you are exactly right. Whatever taxes that show up there do not affect the bottom line cash flow from our Guyana production.
John Rielly: If you look at the deepwater offshore service sector, it continues to be over-supplied, given the extended period of low activity. And as you mentioned, I think also the industry's focus on efficiency and simplification and standardization continues to drive unit cost down. So as a result, we expect to see minimal cost inflation on that front.
John Rielly: No. It will stay there and just finish out the drilling of both producers and injectors for the Liza Field.
John Rielly: So to your point, Scott, we are not seeing pressure on costs in North Dakota. And obviously, with the decline in the rig count, that helps from the cost standpoint. So at this point right now what we are more focused on is, as Greg said earlier, are just driving our lean manufacturing and continuing to drive down those well costs with our goal of getting to a six million D&C well. So when you are looking at capital next year, we will have some reductions baked in for our efficiencies for those well costs, not really for cost deflation or anything like that, just our lean manufacturing, offset by with our efficiencies, there will be more wells that gets drilled next year, just again as we get better and better drilling the plug and perf. So that's kind of how we are laying out the program for next year. And remember, as John has mentioned earlier, it's six rigs for 2020.
John Rielly: Yes. And again, it all does depend on the NGL pricing as we go forward. So we have estimated NGL prices going up. So it will be a little bit less from the POP contracts. But yes, just as Greg said, we believe we can keep this low-60 with, kind of call it, a normalized NGL price. But I guess the point I think Greg was trying to point out is, is you don't need to focus really on that, right. Our oil production was up 12% quarter-on-quarter. It's going really strong. Everything is going really well in the Bakken from an execution standpoint and a reservoir standpoint. And we will get fluctuations on the gas and the NGLs just due to pricing and gas capture.
John Rielly: And then, Arun, as far as the cost per barrel that will produce, obviously we will get the full guidance as we go out in January. So we will obviously have the ramp, right. So you will have a higher cost per BOE as we are doing the ramp here. Then as it moves on, you are right, we have it leased here for a period of time, which is adding $3-ish per barrel on the cost. So it will be above $10 cash cost per BOE on Phase 1 here on the ramp until that FPSO, which the plan would be later on to be purchased, which would drop that $3 off the op cost and move it to the DD&A line. But this will be a good low-cost addition to our portfolio. So again, it's part of this plan. The Phase 1 will begin to take down our cash cost. Phase 2 will even do it more as we get the bigger ship and more production on at that point.
John Rielly: No. It will be a little bit higher than that number. So it will be a little bit above the $10. So you can do let's just call it around $12-ish in that type of range and then you can drop just to a little bit under 10 after the FPSO is purchased. But we will give full guidance as we move into next year.
John Rielly: Right. So I am going to call it to the two biggest drivers are, as I said, Guyana starts around $12. We will buyout that FPSO because as you know, that's part of the plan. That would happen in 2021. That will drop that cash cost by $3. They are going on Phase 1. So you are under $10 right there with Guyana. And then Bakken again driving up to 200,000 barrels a day is a big contributor there to drop our cash down to $10. Again, now with you got Esox coming in, very good. That's going to be a nice low-cost cash add to the portfolio, as Greg mentioned, Llano-5 ramping up. So it's really is a combination of our portfolio in total, but with the big drivers being Guyana and Bakken.
John Rielly: I don't lay out a target, per se, by asset there. But as I have always said here, Bakken's cash cost is below our portfolio average right now. So the $12.75, it is below that and it's going to continue to drive down with this significant increase in production going to 200,000 barrels a day.
John Rielly: No. We have not put those numbers out yet. Although I would tell you when in the announcement that of the midstream transaction, they did put some guidance out for 2020, but not 2021.
John Rielly: So, as John Hess mentioned, we have this long term strategy. We laid it out at Investor Day and we continue to execute that. And to go along with the strategy, we have a strong financial position to be able to execute that. So at the end of the quarter, we have $1.9 billion of cash on hand. As we mentioned, post the closing of the midstream transaction, we also get an additional $275 million. And just as a reminder, we still do have the $60 WTI put options in place for 95,000 barrels a day for the remainder of the year. So we are in a really good, strong financial position to fund our program. And we do realize there is an investment program here until Phase 2 comes on. But looking forward now, we have got production from Guyana starting up in December. So we are going to be picking up some cash flow there now in Guyana. And as you mentioned, Bakken is becoming significantly cash flow generative. And by 2021, as Greg mentioned, $800 million to $1 billion of free cash flow. So we will use that cash flow from operations, along with the cash on the balance sheet to fund the Guyana investment program through Liza Phase 2. And when Phase 2 comes on then Guyana is generating free cash flow. So all of our assets are generating free cash flow at that point. So we feel we are in a good position to execute that.
John Rielly: No, nothing specific. Obviously, commodity prices are going to move. And so as we get into January, we will give more guidance on where our production is from that standpoint. We will be using our cash flow from operations, some of the cash on the balance to fund it. But again, we feel we are in a good position to get through to Phase 2.
Greg Hill: Yes. Doug, what I can say is that on Ranger, drilling and evaluation are ongoing. As you recall, we have got a very extensive logging, coring program, et cetera on this well. But what I can say is that, however, based on the logs and core that is taken so far, we have seen encouraging reservoir development, confirmation of the presence of oil. So that's about all we can say at this point in time. So stay tuned. There's a lot of operations ongoing on the well.
Greg Hill: No. I think these reservoirs will be developed, but certainly they won't be part of the first five FPSOs that we have discussed getting us to the 750,000 barrels a day in 2025. So it will be after that. But they are still very good reservoirs, very good fluids. So they will be developed at some point.
Greg Hill: Yes. Well, first of all, let me say there is no infrastructure constraints at all for us to make it to the 200,000 barrels a day. We are still on track to deliver 200,000 barrels a day in 2021, a six-rig program next year and then after that we will drop the rig count to four and as you suggested in your remarks, we will then hold that production flat for a number of years at 200,000 barrels a day. And as a result of dropping four rigs, we will be generating significant free cash flow, $800 million to $1 billion of free cash flow, once we drop the rig count to four. So it becomes a very significant cash flow generator for the company. We do get asked why not go higher than 200,000 barrels? If you look at the infrastructure required to build for a bigger peak, it doesn't make economic sense to do that. So the right thing to do from an overall value standpoint is hold it at 200,000 barrels a day. And you are right, the POP contracts are going to ebb and flow with prices. And what I mentioned was, if NGL prices stay chronically low, we could be above 200,000 barrels a day as a result of those additional NGL volumes that we would capture.
Greg Hill: It is. I mean, the base continues to hang in there achieving or beating expectations. So we see no problems in the base production. And then, of course, you have the new wells which you are doing much better with the plug and perf design. That's how we are continuing to overachieve in the Bakken.
Greg Hill: Yes, we do. Yes, we are very confident in that number. As I said, probably what's going to effect fourth quarter mix again is the NGL pricing. Does that go up or down? Because always, when this oil volume, always when this gas percentage fluctuates in the Bakken, it's purely due to the midstream, it's increased gas capture and it's POP contracts. That's the only thing providing really the variation. If I look at wellhead GORs, those are staying the same. So, it's purely a midstream issue and the result of how we consolidate our volumes on the balance sheet.
Greg Hill: Yes. Again, Arun, I think you can assume a three to four month ramp on Liza-1 to get to the 120. And again, that's not uncommon for first wells in field in a deepwater reservoir, because you really want to see how those wells are performing. You will gradually increase the chokes. You may do some shut-ins to get some build-ups. You really want to understand the dynamic nature of the reservoir, again not uncommon at all in deepwater.
Greg Hill: Yes. So I think, again, evaluation of the well results are still ongoing and we will give you further updates, including resource estimate and production rate probably early next year after we have some dynamic production data. We are going to start with the first well, but we see enough hydrocarbons here that it could take another well to evacuate all that we see.
Greg Hill: No, there is not. I mean, I think you can assume that Gulf of Mexico will be between 65,000 and 70,000 barrels a day, really in that range. There is no infrastructure constraints. Necessarily we won't choke back wells. We will maximize production in the Gulf of Mexico.
