Gregory P. Hill: Well, let me – thanks, Bob. And before I get started, I do want to correct something in my remarks. Our second quarter production was 247,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, I believe I said 240,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was obviously incorrect. Let me start with the plug-and-perf wells first. So we expect to do 40 of those this year, drill and complete, but only have 25 of those online. And as you said, we do expect to have 40 Keene wells online, seven of those will be plug-and-perf by the end of the year that will be drilled and completed. Regarding how many we've got done in the first part of the year, I think we have about 12 done in the Keene area in the first half of the year, so the remainder will come in the second half of the year. Now, what I should say is those Keene wells are doing extremely well, so they're outperforming their type curves at least on the wells that we've done so far by some 25%. So the results here have been very good. Also in the Stony Creek area, the wells that we have done there, again reminding everyone we're going to do 25 of those this year in Stony Creek, those were outperforming their type curves by around 40%. So Stony Creek and Keene are really the top two areas in this year's drilling program and then our East Nesson South and our Capa wells are performing at, about at expectation on the type curve. So Keene and Stony Creek are the ones to watch.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, thanks. Thanks for that, Roger. A couple of comments there. I think first of all, in our messaging you note that we said that we see the potential up to five FPSOs to produce over 750,000 barrels a day. So that's one caveat. I think the other one – the other thing is, is that the ultimate size and timing of those last two vessels very much in the scoping phase, and it's going to be a function of a lot further exploration and appraisal drilling as well as detailed engineering work. And again, these are massive reservoirs with very large areal extent and multiple horizons. So those are directional numbers. Let's get that appraisal and exploration drilling done, and then we can be much more definitive. But again, we see it as over 750,000 barrels a day.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think that the grand majority of the gas will be re-injected in the reservoir. There is a small project being discussed with the Government of Guyana to bring a small amount of gas onshore for an onshore power plant. Other than that, all the gas right now is anticipated to be re-injected in the reservoir, because particularly in the Liza complex the gas is miscible. So there will be recovery uplift as a result of putting that gas in the reservoir.
Gregory P. Hill: Let me answer your second question first, Doug, I think regarding in parallel, we are in absolute agreement and alignment with the operator that the way to approach this development is in a phased manner, so that's currently the thinking right now and we're absolutely in support of that. Regarding the exploration drilling program for the remainder of the year, all I can say now is that next we go to Hammerhead, we just are in the final phase of drilling the top or drilling the top section on the Ranger-2, we'll go to Hammerhead, then most likely we'll go back to Ranger, the sequence for the fourth rig we're still working out with the operator, but obviously we've got a lot of stuff to do, and we've got a lot of stuff to do in kind of the Turbot Longtail area; there's some things that we'd like to drill there as well, potentially a good resource increase there. So the exact order, we're still working out but there'll be more and more in the Turbot Longtail area.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, so Doug, the grand majority of our guidance reflects the sliding sleeve wells, and the reason for that is because we only have three of the plug-and-perf wells on right now. Now, they're doing better than expected, but it's early days. So we didn't want to build a whole bunch of uplift in the guidance at this point until we got more data on those plug-and-perf wells. So far so good, but we wanted to have confidence in the data before we did that. Now on ESPs, we've been evaluating the use of ESPs as well as some other forms of lift. As you know, some operators up there are doing gas lift as well, particularly in the areas that have higher fluid rates and require the use of additional liquids handling. And in particular, the plug-and-perfs, if they continue to perform and have high fluid rates, obviously that's something we're looking at. But at the end of the day, the decision on which forms of artificial lift we're going to use is ultimately going to be driven by economics, not volume. So it will be an economic decision as to what we do on the lift side.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we've raised some of the guidance on those Keene wells but only on the sliding sleeve completions, Doug. So I wouldn't – watch this space, as we get more data, it will reflect itself in the production numbers, but we have not raised guidance on the Bakken until we get more data from the plug-and-perf wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Again, it's early days. So what we're doing now is we are using the same well spacing that we're using with sliding sleeve because we want to compare the two. So, we want to have a valid comparison by keeping the well spacing the same. Now as we mentioned as part of the Bakken study, we're going to take our data, relevant industry data and one of the outputs of the Bakken study will help us confirm the appropriate well spacing, completion type and proppant loading for each area of the basin. So, that's ultimately what we're trying to determine. And then the penultimate question is, what's the way to maximize value from those DSUs in the Bakken? So that's what we're aiming for with the Bakken study and through our own experimentation.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think we're back on track in the third quarter. So we're right within our guidance range on the third quarter, recovering from the weather impacts that hit us in very late June.
Gregory P. Hill: I think the recoverable resource on the block again is 4 billion barrels. I think those last two phases as I said before are very much in the scoping phase as to where that – where those vessels could lie, are they going to be in Ranger or are they going to be in Turbot, kind of complex where are they. So there's still a lot of uncertainty in that. But clearly, we've got a lot of oil to recover here; extremely high value. We're going to do that as judiciously as possible. So this is all good news.
Gregory P. Hill: So we are still, we're progressing feed right now and getting all of that information. So I'd prefer, Paul, we're going to be at the end of the year that we can be a little bit more specific on it. But obviously what I would tell you, this is still going to be a terrific investment there. But right now we're still working with the operator on exactly what the costs will be. We're working through the feed and we'll update you at the end of the year. And... (56:01)
Gregory P. Hill: Yet to be determined, but I think it will be no matter what it is, it's going to be consistent with this design one, build many, very efficient kind of strategy where the only thing that flexes is the topsides, those will be modular based on the specific attributes of the development.
Gregory P. Hill: Paul, I don't have that information in front of me. What we're doing right now is just working with the operator. Obviously ExxonMobil has been doing a terrific job on that. We could refer that type of question to them, but we'll be again trying to maximize value on this is as we move from Phase 3.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Paul, South Arne is a very good cash generating asset. Obviously, Brent based pricing generates good cash flows, and it has upside potential both in terms of optimizing the field and further production with some investment, and also some nearby exploration that we could tie in. So, we're coming up with our plans now to have an investment program there. It will have to compete for capital in the rest of the portfolio. But having said that, as we get further definition on what our investment program there, which we think will be very manageable, we'll be happy to communicate that to you. And we're going to retain the asset. We're happy to do it. It's all about value. And in the normal course of business, we'll continue to evaluate options to maximize its value.
Gregory P. Hill: ...in the Bakken. In fact if you just look at our guidance and the way we have the 115,000 to 120,000 barrels in the third and then going 115,000 to 120,000 barrels for the full year, you'll see we are still planning to be above 120,000 barrels.
Gregory P. Hill: More of them will be in the fourth quarter because what happens now is we get the fifth rig coming in, really any wells that are drilled by the fifth rig, that won't impact the third quarter. That's why we'll get more wells online in the fourth quarter and the production going up from there.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think the Keene percentage will go down, but obviously in our 2019 budget we'll update the guidance because we will be most likely in a 100% plug-and-perf mode by then. So all the IP180s and everything will have to be updated as we do our planning guidance for 2019.
Gregory P. Hill: But that doesn't mean IP180s average for the year will be less. With plug-and-perf, there would be upward pressure on IP180s in a plug-and-perf situation. But we'll update all that when we give guidance next year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. You bet. So I think you are correct. We always knew that as we went outside the core of the core that we would have to use plug-and-perf, so I think we've always said that. But what we are doing is part of the Bakken study, because some of our competitors are using plug-and-perf in the core of the core. We're trialing some of that as well. So again, our mission here is for the two-thirds of the inventory remaining in the Bakken, what is the best way to maximize value per DSU both in the core and outside the core. So we wanted to get some wells in the core as well to do a good comparison. So that's the ultimate, ultimate objective of the Bakken study. Now based on the results, so far, and again it's a limited sample but based on the results so far indicatively it looks like that even plug-and-perf in the core can give you an improvement. So, but, at the end of the day we're going to go area by area in the field and answer that question, what's the best way to maximize value per DSU. And that answer could vary depending on where you are on the field and the completion design could vary dependent on where you are in the field. Right now directionally we're just saying plug-and-perf looks pretty good, so from an assumption standpoint let's assume that we're going to do plug-and-perf throughout the field.
Gregory P. Hill: Exactly. And I think what's happened with plug-and-perf, so there's been quite a change in plug-and-perf over the last couple of years which kind of changes how we think about it and that's the introduction and perfection of limited entry perforating. So, that allows you to tightly control where your proppant and fluids are going. And then secondly the cost of plug-and-perf have come down substantially during the downturn. So, that made plug-and-perf come more into queue on a comparison basis to sliding sleeve. And then finally we reached kind of the technical limit on sliding sleeve is about 60 stages is all you can really stuff in those. So, I can get more stages, have tight control and is a cost that's not that far off of plug-and-perf, or sliding sleeve. So, therefore it makes sense to evaluate that technology now.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think directionally it looks like six rigs is about right, and that's a function of -- you don't want to build infrastructure too fast and overbuild and not be capital efficient. So six rigs at this point is still kind of the sweet spot. The third frac rig -- frac crew will be added in the latter part of the year. So we have not added that yet, but it's on its way.
Gregory P. Hill: We're very happy to have one of the truly world-class investment opportunities in the oil industry that keeps getting bigger and better. We believe that our 30% working interest is appropriate for this world-class asset. We have a world-class operator in ExxonMobil, and so we're happy to have this opportunity to invest shareholder money which has a very high financial return. So net-net we are happy with it and you got to remember, it's part of our portfolio, we also have the Bakken, we also have the Deepwater Gulf and also Malaysia. So the combination of that portfolio I think manages and is really managing not only the risk of the different investments but the financial performance of those. So we think our focused portfolio with that balance and that's the key makes Guyana standout and be positioned the best way that it can be for our shareholders.
John B. Hess: Yeah, I think the important thing here, Doug, and obviously you're onto something, which is with the improved completion techniques, we're doing a study to really optimize our investment in the Bakken going forward and we'll be ready to share the results of that study between now and the end of the year where we hopefully can give more specificity and clarity on to what our future production rates might be in the Bakken. So let's get a couple more wells under our belt, and as we do, incorporate that into our investment program, and then the output of that program, obviously focused on returns as Greg was saying, I think we'll be able to provide more clarity on the question you're asking by the end of the year.
John B. Hess: Yeah. The portfolio reshaping, I'd say the majority of the work's been done. There are one or two assets that still if we got full value for them, we would consider monetizing; if not, we're happy to have them in the portfolio because they're good cash generators. Having said that, I think the key point going forward is as both John and Greg have said; Guyana is really a truly world-class investment opportunity. One of the best if not the best in the industry with low breakeven oil prices and high financial returns across the industry, it's one of the best. So our first, second and third priority is to fund that, maintain a strong balance sheet, investment grade credit rating to ensure we have the capacity to do that. As we get further definition regarding our future capital requirements for the third phase of development and then potentially a fourth phase and fifth phase as well as the outlook for oil prices, then we're in a better position to give consideration to further returns of capital. But right now, we're focused on execution, finalizing the share repurchase program that we have and bringing more clarity both to our Bakken growth plan and our Guyana growth plan. So that's where we are, but we love the position we're in. And obviously, I think we're going to be in a position to generate superior financial returns and cash flow generation for many years to come as Guyana comes to fruition and our Bakken plan does as well.
John B. Hess: Yeah. The third ship is going to – as we understand from the operator now we're working with the operator, going to be focused on bringing further definition to the greater Turbot area with the success that we had at Longtail. To your point, this area is starting to be de-risked, we see some other prolific sand channels there and potential resource adds. So, that's what the third ship is going to try to appraise. The other exploration ship as Greg said goes to Hammerhead first, in the coming days that should be spud, then after that we'll go to further appraised Ranger, maybe one or two wells, we'll see where that goes. And yes, obviously, as we get definition in each of those campaigns and we get further seismic work correlating the well results with the seismic, we definitely see numerous more prospects on the block. I think Exxon said and we would agree, there are probably another 20 exploration prospects on the block to drill and yes we do see the Stabroek Block being further de-risked as we have more success remember, we're 8 out of 10.
John B. Hess: Yeah. I think the key point here, Paul, is we're finalizing our costs. The operator is doing a great job getting those numbers to be as cost efficient as possible. When we sanction the second FPSO, you'll have the number, and that will be before the end of the year, and then you'll be able to compare as other investors will with our Phase 1 ship as well. So, once we finalize the sanction numbers, we'll give them to you, and then you'll be able to compare that with the first ship that we already have contracted.
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, if you look where our run rate is right now, so for the first half of the year we came in at $909 million on our capital spend. And the reason is we'd look at that and say why isn't the guidance coming down, but it's because of these type of things that you mention. So, what do we have in the second half of the year? So Guyana, we do have the third drillship, as you mentioned, coming in, it's going to come in the fourth quarter, so that will be an impact. What we also have is a little more Phase 2 spend as we're again coming up on sanction than we had in the first half of the year, so we'll have Phase 1 in Guyana 1 and more Phase 2 spend in the second half of the year. And then the other component that we have that is going to raise capital in the second half of the year is the Bakken, right? So we have the fifth rig coming in now and the sixth rig coming in later in the year. And yes, so far, our efficiencies have been good with our program. But as we see it right now, we're reaffirming that guidance to $2.1 billion.
John P. Rielly: Sure. The best thing that we can do for our portfolio and matching up with our strategy on generating free cash flow at a $50 environment is to add more oil resources in Guyana. It's just a fantastic asset. Obviously, you've heard all the attributes on it. But combined with the great reservoir characteristic, it just gives superior financial returns and has a very low breakeven price, as we talked about, at $35. So what happens is that you add Phase 4, Phase 5, what we've done for the portfolio is it continues to lower our breakeven price as we go forward and can generate more cash flow in a low price environment or in a higher price environment. Now, just to get to your specific question on timing on free cash flow, let me tell you what we know right now and as Greg mentioned earlier what we really don't have good information on. So starting with Phase 1, obviously we've got really good information on that, what the capital, what the timing is. Phase 2 feed is progressing rapidly, we expect to sanction that before the end of the year and achieve first oil by mid-2022. So we have good information on that. Phase 3 has now been sized, expected to be sanctioned during 2019, so we have a decent estimate on that. So with those three FPSOs in place, we do see that we can generate free cash flow at $50 post 2020 with those three FPSOs. Now, Phases 4 and 5 still require, Greg mentioned it, we've got additional exploration appraisal drilling in order to size the projects and optimize the development plans. So at this point, I really do not have a good estimate as to timing how much of that capital could be in 2021 and what exactly the amount will be for future phases. It will be further out in the future. But what we can say about this funding is the way we pre-position the portfolio with our asset sales that the funding is very manageable and that Guyana itself is expected to become free cash flow positive really once Phase 2 starts producing. So that, as I mentioned, will be in 2022. So again, for us, Guyana, it fits right in our strategy, driving our cost down and driving our breakeven for the portfolio so that we can really drive production growth and free cash flow.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So from a hedging standpoint as I mentioned we did add 35,000 barrels a day for 2019 and you can expect us to add a bit more for 2019. Why again, it's we're still in the investment phase, Guyana production hasn't started up in 2020. So again from our standpoint, we just think it's prudent to put some insurance on in 2020. Obviously when we get to the free cash flow phases of Guyana then we're in a different position and hedging may be less as we move forward, and that's when we're generating the growth and free cash flow is when we'd start looking at our dividend policy as well and potentially increasing it at that time.
John P. Rielly: Sure. It's not – you don't have to do really that much from an assumption standpoint. So the contract is out there and it's public. It's there. We can't from a confidential standpoint talk about it, but it's public, so you can look at the contract. And the unique difference from a Guyana versus just – let's just call it a U.S. on a tax and royalty system is the production sharing contract impact. So, even if we're in a great point in the cycle and you have low cost from that, so you can get low F&D in the Gulf of Mexico. But what happens is if prices are lower, then obviously your breakeven is affected because you're not being able to get additional barrels out of the ground. With a production sharing contract what works with that is your cost recovery gets affected by the price. So, as prices go lower, you get more cost recovery to help with that and that's the way the point of a production sharing contract. So, it's really the mixture of – the mixture of the reservoirs, how good they are, the low point in the cycle, the F&D costs associated with it and the production sharing contract that gets you to that $35.
John P. Rielly: Sure. There's two reasons, one that the jump from the $30 million to $45 million was due – you remember, we did have a collar in place with the $50 WTI options at $65 and we bought back that collar and obviously we're benefiting from the higher prices right now from that purchase. So, that increase from $30 million basically to $45 million. The only difference between the $45 million and $50 million is due to accounting. You have mark-to-market on the way these hedges, you get this ineffectiveness. So we've got this additional amount that sits in other comprehensive income that's going to be amortized for the remaining part of the year, so nothing except accounting associated with that.
John P. Rielly: What I will say, Paul, what I will say is that based on what we know so far that the costs are coming in lower on Phase 2 than they did for Phase 1 for most of the service line. So obviously that bodes well for Phase 2.
John P. Rielly: So first, Paul, we do put in the supplement, you can see, how the Midstream tariff then gets calculated in coming back to Hess net barrels, because the first thing, when you calculate it on those numbers, you're getting kind on a tariff applied to a net number, which is really applied to gross volumes and also includes third-party numbers. So if you look at the supplement which we do, we'll put that in place after the call here, you'll see for us it's about $8.70 on a gross basis for our barrels. And then, we have 50% of that. So it's sitting in that kind of $4.00, $4.60 type range net to Hess. Then as we see going forward, when the volumes do increase from the Bakken, you will get – it is factored in, the growth is factored in the way we calculate the tariffs – but over time obviously, you'll get the efficiency of scale impact to those tariffs.
John P. Rielly: No. So, I mean, again, we've talked about the Bakken study, what we're doing now, that all has to be integrated into our infrastructure plans and that will work into the tariffs. So that's all part of the Bakken study to maximize value.
John P. Rielly: It was a couple thousand because we were, as Greg said, we were right on track April, May, it was June and the weather – and that month was affected. So overall for the quarter it was a couple thousand barrels. And right now we are right back on track where we were before.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So first of all, we did have the hedging, right? So we'd kind of gone through with our hedges. Now we will have, as I mentioned earlier, we have $50 million on our 35,000 barrels a day in 2019. So that will come in the third quarter. So our hedging do go through there. Some of the things that were basically impacting us besides the hedges of premiums paid is we do have – you've got your normal things like pension contributions, you've got – we had abandonment. If you're going back several quarters in when we had Valhall, those were always significant amounts. We've got timing on income tax payments related to Libya, in the 93.5% tax rate. So those will always continue. And what I would say is on a normal run rate basis, our first quarter and our third quarter were going to be the higher pulls on working capital. So you have – because one, we – that's the semi-annual payments on our bonds happen in the first and third quarter. The first quarter always has your bonus payments in there as well. And then, outside of that, it's just normal recurring. So the only unusual things that we'll get in there is kind of from the hedging and things like that. So if you looked at this quarter, right, it wasn't much of a pull in cash flow and you can see it was an add in fixed assets. So we actually, on an overall basis, working capital had a positive on the bottom line from it. So things are going to move in and out just like that and first and third being bigger and second and the fourth not so much.
