John Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2010 results to the first quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $375 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $538 million in the first quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production operations in the second quarter of 2010 had income of $488 million compared with $551 million in the first quarter. The first quarter results included after-tax income of $58 million relating to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Jambi Merang field in Indonesia. Excluding the effect of this asset sale, the change in the after-tax components of the results are as follows: lower selling prices, primarily natural gas, decreased earnings by $30 million; increased exploration expense reduced earnings by $18 million; increased depreciation expense reduced earnings by $11 million; lower cash operating costs increased earnings by $21 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $16 million, for an overall decrease in second quarter adjusted earnings of $5 million. In the second quarter of 2010, our E&P operations were under-lifted compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $30 million.  Total production unit costs for the first six months of the year amounted to $27.65 per barrel of oil equivalent. We are reducing our total production unit cost guidance for the full year by $1 per barrel to $28.50 to $30.50 per barrel. E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel, down from the previous guidance of $15 to $16 per barrel. Depreciation, depletion and amortization charges are expected to be in the range of $14 to $15 per barrel, down from $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel. The E&P effective income tax rate was 43% in the second quarter. For the full year of 2010, we are reducing our E&P effective tax rate guidance to a range of 44% to 48%, down from 47% to 51%. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining operations generated a loss of $19 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with income of $87 million in the first quarter. Refining operations lost $31 million in the second quarter compared with $56 million in the first quarter. The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes was a loss of $4 million in the second quarter compared with $52 million in the first quarter, reflecting improved refining margins in the second quarter. Also the first quarter included turnaround expenses of approximately $20 million after income taxes for scheduled maintenance on the FCC unit at HOVENSA.  Port Redding generated a loss of $27 million in the second quarter compared to a loss of $4 million in the first quarter. During the second quarter, this refining facility was shut down for 41 days for a planned turnaround. The turnaround expenses recorded in the second quarter totaled approximately $27 million after income taxes. Marketing earnings were $17 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $121 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower margins and sales volumes in Energy Marketing operations. Trading activities generated a loss of $5 million in the second quarter compared with income of $22 million in the first quarter. Turning to Corporate. Net Corporate expenses amounted to $42 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $48 million in the first quarter. Net Corporate expenses in the first quarter included an after-tax charge of $7 million for the repurchase of the remaining $116 million of bonds that were scheduled to mature in 2011. After-tax interest was $52 million in both the second and first quarters.  Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $39 million from changes in working capital, was $981 million. Repayments of debt were $15 million. Capital expenditures were $901 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $72 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $7 million. We had $1,363,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at June 31, 2010, and $1,362,000,000 at December 31, 2009. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at June 30, 2010. Total debt was $4,326,000,000 at June 30, 2010, and $4,467,000,000 million at December 31, 2009. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at June 30, 2010 was 22.9% compared with 24.8% at the end of 2009. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
John Rielly: Oh, yes, correct. And again, Greg had mentioned this previously. We have locked in most of our -- probably about 90% of our drilling and completion costs in the Bakken here for the next five years. So when we've locked in these costs, which we believe are at favorable rates, there's performance incentives in these contracts also to continuing to try to drive down cost as we get more and more familiar with the acreage. And on top of that, we have dedicated crews up there for frac-ing it as well as equipment. So again, we do like our position here in the Bakken.
John Rielly: Yes, thanks, Doug. So the Stena Forth is in a farmout to Cairn currently. She'll come back to us sometime in the fourth quarter. And the plan is to move her to the Northern Red Sea to drill a couple of wells there. And then depending upon the outcome of the moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico, she'll either come back to the Gulf of Mexico mid-year next year or go to Ghana and drill a follow-up drill in Ghana. So that's the plan for the Stena.
John Rielly: Sure, I'll try to help you with that. There's nothing really, I'm going to say, unusual in our tax rate in the first two quarters. So you do have -- you always have mix. You've got the concept of the under-lift that I mentioned. So it's not a big portion but Libya is a bit under-lifted here in this quarter. But what ends up happening with our forecast is the higher commodity price that you have, brings in more pre-tax income from other areas outside of Libya. And so Libya becomes a smaller percentage of our overall pre-tax income. And therefore, the effective rate becomes lower just when you put the portfolio together. So you have that coming about. And so with these higher commodity prices, we've been forecasting lower rate and that's why we're bringing down the guidance. Now going out, I mean, again, we'll give you the guidance for next year on our January call but the one thing you do see, our guidance is still higher for the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year. And some of the results of that is our Valhall swap. So we will be getting more interest in Valhall. It's a higher rate and so that will be bringing up our rate in the second half of the year, and obviously then we'll have a higher interest in Valhall going into 2011. So that can cause that rate again to be a little higher than where it is right now.
John Rielly: Yes, it really related to a new well. So we brought on a new well in [ph] Lano (50:04) actually, a [ph] Misee (50:05) target that's doing well. But that DD&A rate is above the U.S. portfolio DD&A rate and that's what's driving up the U.S. DD&A rate.
John Rielly: I would say it'll stay there through this year. And we'll see on the performance and the performance stats from the reserves towards the end of the year. So it's been a very good well actually.
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks Ed. This is Greg Hill. A couple of comments. First of all, just to give everybody some perspective. So this is 85,000 net acres as John said. And it's located six miles west of Tioga Gas Plant. So clearly, it's very close to our existing infrastructure. It is the west of the anticline. We've got a lot of drilling to do in there. So we don't really want to comment about flow rates yet. There's only three wells in the block. So we've got a lot more drilling left to do before we're going to update our guidance on production. But clearly, we're excited about the acreage and it will be accretive to our Bakken production profile.
Gregory Hill: Yes, lease expiry, so obviously, that was part of our thinking in the acquisition. We're going to use a three-rig program on that acreage and plan to fully develop it.
Gregory Hill: In our own core acreage, recall our phase one area is about 350,000 acres. The other acreage is in delineation acreage or in the process of still delineating that acreage. We will probably farm down some of that acreage.
Gregory Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So on production reserves this year, it'll be very, very minor because there's just a few wells over there. As far as future locations, I mean we plan to develop the acreage just like we're developing our core acreage in the East Nesson kind of area. So the plan is do a lateral, use three rigs and basically mow it down just like we're doing on the east side.
Gregory Hill: Yes, we're using the existing fleet. They've got three rigs currently. I think they're going to add another rig and two more rigs in the fourth quarter. But we plan to reduce that to three next year.
Gregory Hill: Sure, I mean, let's just talk about this year. From a cost guidance standpoint, clearly, we have higher volumes that we projected earlier in the year. And so obviously, with the cost going over more volumes, it's going to lower our cost per barrel. The Bakken contracting strategy that was put in place also was beneficial to our forecast. So we were able to lower our cost of there. Now going forward and obviously it makes sense if you have more volumes with a cost base, it will eventually begin to drive down your cost in an area. But we're not going to project where our costs are going over the next several years.
Gregory Hill: Okay thanks, Paul, I think that's a really good question. Because I think the biggest factor on the uncertainty in Pony or really anything in the Gulf of Mexico is all around the regulatory framework which the government -- even though the moratorium is going to be lifted in November as we understand it. So certainly, as soon as that's lifted, we'll plan to bring a rig back in the Gulf of Mexico. But until there's clarity on that regulatory framework, it's really kind of hard to speculate right now on when timing will or -- whether it'll slip or not on things like Pony and some of the developments. So until we get clarity from the government on that framework, I don't really want to speculate on what it means.
Gregory Hill: Yes, Evan, I think the plan is again that we'll start drilling on that acreage in the fourth quarter. So we'll have some drillings results. But whether we'll will say anything about them or not because we're in delineation mode up there.
Gregory Hill: Yes, we are, Mark. So let me take the first bit of that. We currently are developing on the 1,280-acre spacing mode using dual laterals. So that gives you an effective acreage of 430 if you think about how the dual laterals are configured. Still early days in the dual laterals, but our costs are averaging $10 million to $11 million each. EURs are 1 million barrels per well and our 30-day average IP rate's around the order of 400 to 500 barrels per lateral, so you effectively double that for a dual lateral.
Gregory Hill: No, that particular platform is just all part of production maintenance. That's all it is. Now we did acquire PM301 to the south and we're working with PETRONAS to try and bring PM301 into the JDA infrastructure.
Gregory Hill: Yes. So again our plans in the Marcellus just to remind everyone, we've got about 92,000 acres in the Marcellus. That's split between Newfield and ourselves. Our plans are to drill five wells on the Newfield acreage in 2010, drill five wells on the Hess acreage in 2010. And we've got permits for those. Seven of those wells are going to be in the DRBC. The remainder will be in the Susquehanna River basin. So we've got all the permits we need and we will plan to finish our drilling before the end of the year.
Gregory Hill: No, Paul, they've continued to expand their position there and continue to acquire acreage in the second quarter. So they're now at about 85,000 net acres as we speak.
Gregory Hill: No, and I don't want to do that, Paul because obviously, we've got a range. We look at these things in a range. I just want to get some more wells in the ground and delineate some of that acreage before I give anybody definitive numbers.
Gregory Hill: Okay. Thanks, Arjun. Just to remind everyone on the call, remember this 390-P is a 16 commitment well block. As John said, we've now drilled 14 of those wells and 11 of which have been discoveries. So we'll finish out the two remaining commitment wells in the next couple months, and then we'll move right into an appraisal program and flow-testing phase using the same rig. So that will take us into the first quarter of 2011. So at that point in time in the first quarter of 2011, we'll be essentially done with drilling and appraisal. Regarding commercialization, we're still talking to all the parties down there, Wheatstone, Woodside, Shell. So all those discussions are still ongoing, Arjun, and we'll make a decision sometime next year on which route we're going to take.
Gregory Hill: Yes, on the Woodside block, so Woodside's now drilled four of nine commitment wells. So they've had two discoveries in those four wells that they've drilled. They're on track to finish out the balance of their commitments also in 2010. And currently that gas is slated to go to Pluto-2.
Gregory Hill: No, I think we'll be opportunistic. I mean we will look and if things fit and they make sense to consolidate our position, we'll take a very objective look. I think all of us are just sort of waiting for the regulatory framework to see how that's going to shake out, but I think we'll be very opportunistic.
Gregory Hill: Okay, John, we typically won't break down all the well costs for you. I'll just say the total well cost, drilling and completion are averaging $10 million to $11 million for the dual laterals.
Gregory Hill: So with Ghana, the plan is that we will begin drilling there in the latter part of fourth quarter. So we've got a drilling rig coming in there to just [ph] spot (44:52) our first well. We don't give any resource estimates at this point in time. I mean we haven't even drilled our first well yet.
Gregory Hill: Yes, there's been a number of old cores that were taken in years past. So we've gotten a lot of that core data. The geologists tell me that it's the closest analogue to the Bakken anywhere certainly in the European theater. So we're anxious to prosecute that development or the delineation of that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think it does. Clearly, we're pretty excited about the acreage. And it's clearly going to be accretive to our Bakken production target of 80,000 barrels a day in 2015. Once we complete additional drilling and some development planning, then we'll update our guidance accordingly.
Gregory Hill: I'll let John talk about the liability issues. I'll answer Northern Red Sea first. Northern Red Sea is block one. It's a Hess-operated block. It's got a water depth of about 710 meters. We've got a couple of prospects there that we're going to drill. It's believed to be an oil prospect. So that's where we're headed with that.
John Hess: Thanks, Paul, I mean we're being very opportunistic. I mean as we see -- particularly in the Bakken, as we see opportunities that's clearly a core hub for us. As we see profitable opportunities to capitalize on our competitive advantage on the Bakken, we'll entertain those opportunities.
John Hess: No, I don't think so, Paul. As I have mentioned before, we are trying to rebalance the portfolio a bit to get a few more unconventionals into the mix. And I think that's what you're seeing primarily us doing.
John Hess: Yes, Paul, I might come in on that one. There's been a lot of numbers speculated by different politicians about what the right cap level is. And some of the things that are being discussed now that we would be supportive of is rigs in the cap to $1 billion were the company that was doing the drilling would be responsible for that $1 billion exposure with insurance on its side. And then having some kind of a cooperative above that where all the investors and operators in the Gulf of Mexico would participate in some kind of insurance cooperative. That then would deal with catastrophic spills. So that kind of idea of having a company number going up to, let's say $1 billion. And then anything in excess of that being a group cooperative is something that we would be supportive of. Things higher than that, I think would be destructive to the competition in the Gulf, and wouldn't be in the United States' interest.
John Hess: It's renegotiated every year, and different policies expire different times in the year. But it's a yearly event.
John Hess: The government has to be clear on what its regulations are going to be. And then the insurance companies would respond in time. But the kind of number I talked about before, $1 billion is pretty close to one that we can handle right now.
John Hess: I wouldn't want to speculate. It's a great question, Arjun, about risk. I wouldn't speculate different outcomes that could happen. Obviously, this was a catastrophe. God willing, it doesn't happen again. But having said, the world's changed. And with the world changing, the cap should be raised. It should reflect the risk that one has in drilling in deepwater. And we've heard a lot of numbers out there so we want our voice heard. And we think a middle ground of saying $1 billion which is a big number but the cost of drilling the wells and the exposure of drilling wells in deepwater is high. So you have to have a cap that reflects that. But then again for a catastrophe, I think that's where mutual insurance, cooperative insurance comes in. And that's why above the $1 billion, I think it would make sense for a group to insure the risk as opposed to any sole company because otherwise just one or two companies would drill in the Gulf, and I don't think that would be a good outcome for anybody.
John Hess: Yes. We've been talking to each other probably for the last six months. So that was an ongoing situation to cover that dialogue.
John Hess: Well this was the case where the seller actually wanted to have our stock. So it had the added benefit of keeping our balance sheet strong. So it was just worked out where the use of stock and the transaction facilitated the acquisition of the high-quality acreage and our infrastructure. So it just worked out that way.
John Hess: And on the liability cap, there're a number as you know proposals of that are there, some of which you're referring to, none of which are absolute or definitive. They're just different ideas of different politicians being [ph] bandied (48:51) about. And so we think it's important to someone that is in the industry that has a position in the Deepwater Gulf, that is an independent to have our voice heard. And we're trying to find a middle ground that will allow activity to continue in the Gulf with competition. And yet at the same time, reflect the higher risk that we obviously have given the incident that occurred.
John Hess: Yes. The lower utilization rate's not just in the coker but in the other units as well was unplanned downtime, Mark. And those issues have been dealt with and the units are running at a better rate.
