John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2014 to the second quarter of 2014. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $1,008,000,000 in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $931 million in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted net income was $377 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $432 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $441 million in the third quarter and $1,057,000,000 in the second quarter of 2014. E&P adjusted net income was $412 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $483 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted net income were as follows. Changes in realized selling prices decreased net income by $81 million. Lower sales decreased net income by $23 million. Lower exploration expenses increased net income by $59 million. Lower cash costs increased net income by $20 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased net income by $38 million. All other items net to a decrease in net income of $8 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted net income of $71 million. Our E&P crude oil sales volumes were overlifted compared with production by approximately 300,000 barrels. However, the impact to net income was immaterial in the quarter. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings, was 41% for the third quarter and 34% in the second quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting the impact of a Libyan crude oil lifting in the third quarter. Turning to corporate and interest. Corporate and interest expenses, net of income taxes, were $80 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $91 million in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $78 million in the third quarter and $82 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $170 million from changes in working capital, was $1,338,000,000. Net proceeds from asset sales were $2,956,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,362,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $903 million. Repayments of debt amounted to $53 million. Common stock dividends paid were $76 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash of $15 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $1,915,000,000. Turning to our stock repurchase program. During the third quarter, we purchased approximately 9.2 million shares of common stock at a cost of $903 million, bringing cumulative purchases for the program through September 30, 2014, to 49.4 million shares at a cost of $4.2 billion or $85.14 per share. We have continued to buy back our common stock. And through October 28, total program-to-date purchases were 54 million shares at a cost of $4.6 billion or $85.03 per share. Turning to our financial position. We had $4,120,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2014, compared with $1,814,000,000 at the end of last year, primarily reflecting the collection of proceeds from the sale of the retail business. Total debt was $5,996,000,000 at September 30, 2014, compared with $5,798,000,000 at December 31, 2013. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at September 30, 2014, was 19.7% and 19% at the end of 2013. Turning to guidance. I would like to provide fourth quarter 2014 guidance for certain metrics. E&P cash operating cost per barrel of oil equivalent are estimated to be in the range of $20.50 to $21.50, and E&P DD&A per barrel is expected to be in the range of $29 to $30. In the fourth quarter, we expect to incur exploration expenses, other than dry hole costs, in the range of $180 million to $200 million. The fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 41% to 43%, excluding Libya. Fourth quarter corporate expenses are expected to be between $35 million and $40 million after income taxes, and after-tax interest expenses are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million. Given the current volatility in crude oil prices, we are providing additional guidance with respect to price sensitivities on fourth quarter results. Based on the fourth quarter guidance provided, we estimate that every $1 change in crude oil benchmark prices will result in a change in fourth quarter net income of approximately $8 million. This estimate includes the impact of the corporation's crude oil hedge contracts outstanding at September 30, 2014. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
John P. Rielly: On Stampede, no, it's not a lease design. This is being built as -- Hess is the operator. We are building that facility along with our partners.
John P. Rielly: So for the fourth quarter, just for guidance going forward on the fourth quarter, we don't see an -- basically an under or overlift, a pretty balanced sales volume versus production. Excluding, Paul, it's excluding Libya. So with Libya in there, we could end up, if they have lifts continuing in the fourth quarter, could end up in an overlift position with Libya. But excluding that, from the equation, there's no projected under or overlift in the fourth quarter.
John P. Rielly: Yes, so -- I mean, we've been guiding basically that we've been, like, especially in the near term that our exploration program overall from a spend standpoint would be between $500 million and $600 million. And in fact, our guidance this year was $550 million, and so we're not giving guidance yet. We'll talk a little bit more about exploration on Investor Day and go forward, but that's where we've been. So we're right in line with the guidance that we have set out.
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean, again where we are with the -- with both our North Sea investments, so Valhall and South Arne, the infrastructure basically is there. It's completed so all our big spend is behind it. So as you said, you've got just your general operating costs, but at $80, as you mentioned, with where our operating costs are and in Valhall where we're not paying cash taxes, it will still generate. Our North Sea assets, our offshore assets in general, too, are going to generate significant cash flow for us.
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, it is generalized. John Hess had mentioned earlier it's that balanced portfolio. It is our offshore assets that are funding the growth on the unconventional side. So it definitely makes sense and some of our best return projects are there.
John P. Rielly: So just so you know, we have not disclosed the terms, the proceeds associated with the sale because it is confidential. And from a general aspect, it's not going to be material to our financial statements.
Gregory P. Hill: Ed, this is Greg. Currently, our standard design is 35 stages, and there's a lot of significant amount of data that supports the sliding sleeve technology as being as effective as plug and perf in terms of IP and EUR as well as being a significant lower cost completion. Now, as always, we continue to experiment and pay very close attention to what competitors are doing, and we've trialed some of these more expensive completion designs, but thus far, none have proven to be economically superior to our methodology. Again we're focused on drilling the highest-return Bakken wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, certainly Stampede, first of all, is one of the largest undeveloped fields in the GOM, and the project returns are expected to exceed our investment threshold even in this lower-priced environment, and I think it's noteworthy that all 4 partners have sanctioned the project with a final sanction coming in this week. I do think costs do have room. I mean, certainly the diamond rig contract that is tied to this project for 2 years, 7 straight years in total, I think set a new market benchmark for deepwater rig rates.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. As we've said before and as you mentioned, Norway is a huge cash machine for us. Obviously, with brand-new facilities and 40-year life, we have every interest as does BP to maximize the production off of that facility. And our net production goal is still in the range of 40,000 to 50,000 barrels a day in 2017. So how is it going? Well, we've established regular multilevel executive engagements with BP management. In fact, John and I are flying to London tomorrow for our third meeting, and there's a lot of work left to be done, but we are encouraged by the progress. So the reliability of the plant's better. Recent well results leveraging our South Arne drilling and completion experience are encouraging in terms of both cost and schedule. So cautiously optimistic on Valhall.
Gregory P. Hill: That's what we're going to try and drive to do. How long that takes, again, is just going to be a function of price, CapEx and delivery from BP.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Well, just to kind of give everyone an update on the downspacing pilots. Just recall in 2014, we have 2 well-designed pilots going on. We have 17 well pads with 13 wells per DSU, and we have 2 well pads with 17 wells per DSU. So those, respectively, represent a 700-foot between well spacing and a 500-foot well spacing. And results so far are in line with expectations. And Doug, we plan to provide a complete update on the downspacing pilots and what it means for our long-term Bakken guidance on Investor Day in November. So stay tuned.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, since we're in the quiet period right now, Evan, we can't make any comments on what potentially could be included in the MLP.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. It was really a combination of both. A little bit of higher activity in terms of getting wells online. We had a real strong quarter there. I think the second thing is, is we are leading the industry in terms of lateral length, so we're drilling 8,800-foot laterals now, which is the longest ones to date at least in the Utica. So that contributed to the strong well results. Regarding future plans for the Utica, we're going to provide again a full update on the results and our forward plans for the Utica at Investor Day in November.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're on track for that. We're running 17 rigs currently. And as we said in our opening remarks, we're going to have 6 frac crews working, and we expect to bring more than 80 wells online in the fourth quarter. And I think it's important that in -- just to give you some color on that, in October, we've already brought 30 new wells online. So we're on pace to do so.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So thank you for that, Guy. If you look on a barrel equivalent basis, obviously, our production was actually higher than Q2 and continues to trend upward. What happened in the third quarter was there were some heavy rains in the quarter, and that resulted in some county-imposed road closures, which then led to a higher level of well downtime due to some transportation constraints. So -- and as you mentioned given the typical oil-gas mix of a Bakken well, this downtime preferentially hurts oil production much more than it does gas production. So that's why you've got this swing.
Gregory P. Hill: Let's see. The online production well count for the Utica in the third quarter was 4 wells, and we've got -- sorry, I'm looking at my notes here. Sorry about that. So we've got -- in the third quarter, we have 10 -- we have 28 wells that have been drilled year-to-date in the Utica. Sorry, it took me a minute to find that number.
Gregory P. Hill: Look, I'm just looking at my notes, Paul. I'm sorry. It's going to take me just a second. So online in this year, all of the JV wells and our wells, we've got 31 wells online.
Gregory P. Hill: So Paul, just -- let me just give you the numbers that we have in the quarter. So of the 11,000 barrels a day, there are -- it's just under 2,000 barrels a day is condensate. Just above 2,000 barrels a day are NGLs, and the rest of it, so on a 7,000 barrels a day oil equivalent is gas.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. So given our infrastructure position in the Bakken, we don't anticipate any impacts due to the NDIC flaring rules. So we're well positioned to continuously reduce our flaring on a go-forward basis.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So in terms of obligations to the government, we have to file a declaration of commerciality first. And after that, we would have to file a development plan middle of the year next year with the government. So we're actively evaluating the results of the appraisal plan. We've also got some new 3D seismic that we're also processing. Once that's done and once that's reviewed with our partners and reviewed with the government, then we can give you much more color on Ghana.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, those are the third quarter results from the wells actually, and those are our wells. In addition, CONSOL also tested 7 wells from their operated pads. But these are our wells drilled and completed and tested in the quarter.
Gregory P. Hill: We'll give you -- again in Investor Day in November, we'll give you a full kind of update on the Utica, how it's performing, the play and also where we're going in the future with it.
John B. Hess: Very good question. Look, with our focused, balanced portfolio underpinned in the unconventionals with very strong positions in the Bakken and Utica as well as our offshore and international assets generating free cash flow with some growth and our strong balance sheet, we're really well positioned in the current environment to drive cash-generative growth as well as sustainable returns for our shareholders. So given current prices, we're going to be guided to invest with a disciplined approach to allocate capital to projects with the highest risk-adjusted returns. And remember that our hurdle rate is to meet at least a 15% return, and that accounts for current prices. We're going to be guided to maintain a strong balance sheet and keep our financial flexibility. So accordingly, we'll manage our capital expenditures in line with this, but it is over the long term. So depending upon market movements, we may use our balance sheet some. But I think the important thing is we are going to definitely be guided to live within our cash flow over the longer term while continuing to return capital to shareholders. So the exact details on this, we'll provide you a pretty comprehensive update on November 10.
John B. Hess: Yes, again at current prices, and Greg mentioned this before. It has to meet our hurdle rate of 15% accounting for risk and whether that's an unconventional project or an offshore project, and Stampede met the threshold and in fact, beat it.
John B. Hess: Yes. There were a number of questions there. First of all, we're always going to be disciplined in our investment to invest for returns. So we're always going to look to optimize our portfolio, but it's got to be focused on investing for returns and keeping a strong balance sheet. Now the strong balance sheet obviously gives us flexibility. So if there were opportunities out there to optimize our portfolio to strengthen our hand and it met our return threshold, we will have a open mind on that for sure. But having said that, the key is when it comes to investment, we're going to be disciplined focusing on returns, and I've talked about that earlier. In terms of the buyback, it's an ongoing program, and we're going to be disciplined in our approach there.
John B. Hess: Well, our old standard was $100 Brent, but as we allocate capital now, we're going to be disciplined in how we invest. So it would have to meet it at the $85 hurdle.
John B. Hess: We're in the negotiation phase now with a third party, and I wouldn't want to get ahead of ourselves, Paul. When we have something definitive to say, we'll say it.
John B. Hess: I think one of the things -- I can't talk about others. Let them speak for themselves, but in our case, we have a very strong balance sheet. We're drilling some of the lowest-cost, high-productive wells so our breakeven is lower. We have some of the best acreage. We're certainly going to be focused on investing for returns as opposed to growth for growth's sake. So we're going to be capital disciplined in this price environment, but with the acreage that we have, many of our wells still generate very good returns even in the current price environment. So the exact details on what our program is going to be going forward and our planning premises, we'll give you further details on November 10.
John B. Hess: Yes. In terms of Libya, look, there's still significant political unrest in the country and a lot of instability, but the oil's flowing. And so far from our Waha concession, we have sold 3 cargoes of Es Sider crude. So the oil business is up and running. But in terms of how the political unrest gets resolved, that's still very much an open issue. So security is still an issue there. And in terms of Kurdistan, you've read the news. I think the country's a lot more secure today after the United States and allies have stood by the Kurds, and security's the #1 concern for our company and safety of all of our employees and contractors. And once we were given the assurances we needed about security, we staged a reentry into the country.
John B. Hess: Yes. Currently, we move approximately 50% of our crude by pipeline and 50% by rail. And as our production ramps up in the future, you can expect that, that balance will stay roughly in place. We are subscribing to more pipeline space, but we're also looking at adding some more railcars to make sure we have the infrastructure in place to move to the highest value markets.
