Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, Doug. On your first question related to the offshore position in Western Australia 390-P, recall we are negotiating with 3 different parties for liquefaction of that gas. And so there's other parties besides Woodside in the mix. And both discussions are continuing with the parties. For the second thing on the Beetaloo Basin, we're in the process of processing the new seismic that we just shot. And then we have to make a drill-or-drop decision by midyear, and so that's where we are in the process.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as we announced previously, as a result of our switch to pad drilling from held-by-production drilling, you build inventory of drilled but not completed wells. So your completion rate is lower than what it was last year. So as a result of that, your production for the first 5 months of the year is flat to slightly declining. In the first quarter, our production was 65. For the next couple of months, that could decline just a little bit. So it'll be flattish. And then as we put wells on completion as we move the completion spreads in, our completion rate really doubles the last half of the year. So our production is very much back-end loaded for the year. As we said in the opening remarks, we feel confident of our range of 64,000 to 70,000 barrels a day.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, I think -- so there's 2 things that we have to do. The first thing, which is the most important piece of business right now for us, is to get the approval -- appraisal program approved by the government. That has to occur by midyear, and so we're in the process of having those discussions with the Ghanaian government. In parallel, we're also doing predevelopment studies. Now once we get the appraisal program approved by the government, then we have a 2-year clock to get our appraisal activities done. So that kind of lays out a time frame for you. Lots of appraisal activity over the next couple of years, predevelopment studies in parallel, and then we aim to make a decision, obviously, after that appraisal period is done.
Gregory P. Hill: And I think as we said in our opening remarks, we plan to drill about 1/3 of our wells in the Middle Bakken this year, right? And 2/3 of the wells this year will be -- or sorry, 1/3 Three Forks, 2/3 Middle Bakken wells this year. Regarding your question on EUR, the range is still valid. The EURs in the first quarter that came out of the wells that we drilled were in the low 600,000s.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think as we've guided previously, this $500 million to $600 million level is where we want to keep that budget. So we're going to fit -- live within those means.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. I think as we previously discussed, the Three Forks underlies the majority of our acreage. And the acreage we consider core, this 550,000 to 650,000 acres, a lot of that is underlined by the Three Forks. Regarding the Three Forks, we have -- at the end of 2012, we had 52 wells in the Three Forks. By the end of this year, we'll have another 65 or so in the Three Forks. So that gives you a sense of where we are. And again, our drilling program, 1/3 Three Forks this year, 2/3 Middle Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Doug, on the Three Forks, while it underlies all our acreage, we still have to do some appraisal of that. Just like everyone else, I think there will be really good parts of the Three Forks, which we've seen, and there may be some not so good parts of the Three Forks. So that's really what we have to figure out in our drilling program this year and next year is how much of that is really, really perspective. Our focus this year, obviously, in 2013 is capital efficiency, so we're going in and drilling some of the best locations in the Three Forks, as well as appraising some of the other acreage.
Gregory P. Hill: No, Doug, it's -- gosh, it's still too early. I mean, to put it in context if you add up 2012 and 2013, we've drilled 11 wells in '12 and '13 so far, and we've only tested 10. So clearly, we've got a lot more drilling to do. We plan to drill about 30 wells this year. So at the end of this year, we'll have about 42 wells under our belt. And contrast that to the Bakken, of course, where we have over 600 wells. So it's still early days in the Utica. But we're encouraged by the results so far, particularly in Belmont, Jefferson, Harrison counties.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, particularly in Belmont, Jefferson and Harrison counties, we're in that liquids-rich part of the play. As you move east, as we've said before, in our Marquette acreage, then you move more into the dry gas as the Point Pleasant plunges deeper to the East. Regarding the oil activity in the West, so far, I would say the results are disappointing. It's like the Eagle Ford oil window. You get shallower, and the reservoir just doesn't have the energy required.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Arjun. Pony, we're continuing the FEED, and we'll continue FEED through this year, and we're aiming for a sanction decision, both us and the partners, in 2014.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's correct. And as I mentioned, we actually expect our Russian asset sale to close fairly soon. And with the proceeds from that, we will have fully paid off our short-term debt at that point. And actually, we'll be starting to build that cash cushion. So when we're saying the second half of the year is as these next asset sales come in, we're going to be in this position to be able to start buying back shares.
Gregory P. Hill: The working capital was approximately $600 million in the first quarter. I mean, typically, in the first quarter, we have a very high working capital as you saw compared to the first quarter. I've already started to see some of that turn in April, and we expect, like usual, the majority of that to turn by the end of the year
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Evan, as we said in our opening remarks, the operator forecast range of 24 to 28, we think we'll be at the low end of that range. First quarter production averaged about 5,000 barrels per day. Just as a reference point, production reached about 16,000 barrels per day by the middle of April. In addition to just the routine ramp, I'll say in the flesh production associated with that, you also have the drilling rigs in there with our aim to get 6 wells drilled this year. So there will be some back-end contribution from those wells also.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. It is too early to give a resource estimate for one reason. We're not allowed to speak about resources without the approval of the Ghanaian government. And they have not allowed us to do that until we get done with our appraisal plan. So that's the reason.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we can't do that yet either, Paul. But clearly, with our 7 discoveries and a number of them black oil, the predevelopment studies are focused on the black oil.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have, Paul. So we've done an awful lot of work in down spacing. I think the Bakken will be down spaced. That's clear from the pilots that we've run. The one thing I will say is the degree of down spacing will depend upon where you are in the field. And so for higher productivity areas, you probably don't need to down space as low as you might in some of the lower productivity areas of the field. So the answer is, is it depends on the degree of down spacing, but there will be down spacing potential in the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Well gosh, Paul, we've got 2,500 well locations to drill and even more if you consider infill and --
Gregory P. Hill: No, in Middle Bakken and Three Forks combined. And then if you down space an infill lower in some parts of the field, obviously, that number's going to go up. We're prioritizing wells based on highest return and also in pads, where we can capitalize on the efficiencies, right, of being on the pad, say, drilling Middle Bakken wells. We'll add a couple of Three Forks since we're there on the pad, right? But as I said, I think, to Doug, we've got 52 Three Forks wells in the ground at the end of 2012. We'll have 65 more at the end of this year. So we'll have a good understanding of the Three Forks. In addition to that, we have 30 cores in the Three Forks. We've done a major study of the Three Forks, including all of the Three Forks production data that exists from the NDIC as well as our own data. So we have a pretty good understanding of Three Forks. It's going to be a good play for us.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think this project will be at its maximum kind of value point at sanction, right? And so at that point in time, we'll know all the costs because FEED will be done. We have a good understanding of the subsurface already. It's a combination of our data plus the partner's data. And at the end of the day, the decision will be focused on returns.
Gregory P. Hill: We haven't said that yet, only because we haven't got all the development studies done. That's part of the FEED process, right? We will announce that at the point of sanction, obviously.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think if you look at our portfolio and this 5% to 8% compounded annual growth rate that we've talked about, certainly, we'll be able to replace all of that in the 5-year period and some, right? And obviously, that comes from the Bakken, Utica, Ghana, North Malay Basin, T-Bells, all of the developments we've announced.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we are currently mobilizing drilling rigs to begin drilling in the back half of 2013 in Kurdistan.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have. We've got both locations picked. They’re in the process of building locations, roads, et cetera, to mobilize the rigs.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. In fact, we finished one well, and the rig is moving to the second well. The first well, we cut almost 400 meters of core. So we got a lot of core out of the well. And now, the core is off to be studied. But so far, looks good. And the rig, as I said, is moving to the second well.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Greg, on the, I guess, the commentary around the Utica and the Bakken, there's a couple of questions, if I may. First of all, on the Bakken, what proportion of your acreage is perspective for Three Forks? And if you could maybe help us with how the activity level there might accelerate given that you're now starting to go to the Three Forks. And I guess a similar question on the Utica in terms of pace of development. I've got a follow-up, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So I guess what I'm really trying to figure out is if you're -- you've essentially doubled your locations, then, if you're saying the Three Forks underlies most of the acreage. So what does that mean in terms of pace of development? I mean, 175 wells seems fairly modest given the opportunity set.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: My quick follow-up is for John Rielly. It's on the operating cost guidance, John. Does that still include Russia? And can you -- now that you've got a deal in Russia, can you give an idea what the OpEx would look like, x Russia? And I'll leave it there.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. And just to let you know, Doug, we do -- it's on our website now in that supplemental presentation, we have pro forma results up there showing what the portfolio would look like with Russia out, and Indonesia and Thailand, all the assets sold as if it went back to the beginning of 2012. But just to give you an answer to your questions here, if you're looking at 2013, what we expect from -- overall, first on our revenue per barrel revenue. Our revenue per barrel will go up over $5 a barrel because of Russia exiting the portfolio. So first, you get that higher uplift, then, on the revenue line. When it comes to cash cost, we see that basically from a guidance standpoint being relatively flat for the full year of pulling out all those assets. In the first quarter, for example, I told you the portfolio had a cash cost of $21.20. On a pro forma basis with the assets sold, it would have been $21.08. Now when it gets to DD&A, when you start removing some of these assets from DD&A, they have a lower overall DD&A rate in the portfolio. So we expect -- I would tell you the guidance then on the DD&A would be about $4 higher from an overall portfolio standpoint. And then, for example, in the first quarter, I said the DD&A rate for the total E&P assets were $19.28; for the first quarter pro forma basis would be $22.45. So that's our cost guidance. And just to round it off to give you all the guidance, on a tax -- what we see from a tax rate standpoint is somewhere around, from a portfolio standpoint, between 100 and 200 basis points higher. And we have some of the U.K. assets, obviously, with tax rates higher than the portfolio, but Russia and Azerbaijan being below it. And that's why the tax rate then effectively goes up. And then we expect, again, as we have said, that our cash margin overall goes up $5 per barrel.
John P. Rielly: Paul, there's no difference actually, I think, from basically what we have been guiding there in the Bakken right now. So including production and severance taxes, in North Dakota, when you put that together with our Bakken operating cost, the cash costs right now are just slightly below our portfolio average in the Bakken.
John P. Rielly: Well, again, as production begins to ramp up, then obviously, then we -- you can take those fixed costs going over more barrels. So we see a declining cash cost per barrel. We'll be focused on that as well as just as the maturity of the reserve bookings and the additional wells coming on will be a slow decline in the DD&A rate as well.
John P. Rielly: No. Not at this point. I mean first of all, we -- from guidance on next year and what we're doing capital and what wells we're going to drill and all that, I mean it would still -- very early for us to be able to do that. What we can say is, as we know our production is going to ramp up to 120,000 barrels a day, as we said, in mid-decade. So clearly, we can -- if you can tell from that standpoint that they'll just be the cost will go over more barrels. As Greg is saying -- has just alluded to, our well cost on our drilling completer coming down. So again, we've been basically focused in driving down operating costs, well cost. And so both cash costs and DD&A costs will decline over time. But I can't give you specific guidance on that at any point.
John P. Rielly: Yes, sure. So first of all then, again, on the pro forma data that we included on the supplemental presentation. So on a pro forma basis, the capital was -- the capital and exploratory expenditures was $1,405,000,000 versus our total portfolio of $1,613,000,000 E&P. So it gives you some type of range from that standpoint. We've given guidance that on a pro forma basis, our full year capital would be $6.2 billion. So that's with all the assets out of the portfolio essentially effective at the beginning of the year. We clearly are giving guidance that our capital will have a 5 handle, can I call that in? So we'll have a 5 at the start of it. So our capital will be in the $5 billion range next year. I just can't give you any further guidance at that point. And with that driving that down, we expect with our portfolio and enhancement of the cash margin that we'll be driving towards a balance between cash flow and capital spend in 2014. And then beyond that, we expect to be able to become cash positive.
John P. Rielly: Yes. We're looking at all options to maximize shareholder value. And as I said, in all of our downstream divestitures, the sales processes are well underway.
