John P. Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare third quarter 2011 results to the second quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $298 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $607 million in the second quarter. The third quarter results included net after-tax charges of $81 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $422 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $747 million in the second quarter. Third quarter results included several items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods that were described earlier by John Hess. Excluding these items, the changes in the after-tax components of earnings are as follows: Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $171 million; lower selling prices decreased earnings by $98 million; lower exploration expense increased earnings by $33 million; higher operating costs decreased income by $25 million; all other items net to an increase in earnings of $17 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted earnings of $244 million. Our E&P operations were underlifted in the quarter compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income of approximately $30 million. Our E&P total production unit costs were approximately $39.35 per barrel in the third quarter. We estimate our total production unit cost will be approximately $39 per barrel in the fourth quarter.  A charge of $44 million for the additional 12% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom includes a provision of approximately $15 million, representing the incremental tax on earnings from the effective date of March 24, 2011, to the end of the second quarter and a charge of $29 million to increase the United Kingdom deferred tax liabilities on the balance sheet. Excluding the impact of the items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the E&P effective income tax rate was 27% for the third quarter, primarily reflecting the mix of earnings, and 37% for the first 9 months of 2011. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated a loss of $23 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $39 million in the second quarter. Refining losses were $38 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $44 million in the second quarter. The corporation's losses from its equity investment in HOVENSA were $36 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $49 million in the second quarter. Port Reading broke even in the third quarter of 2011, down from earnings of $5 million in the second quarter. Marketing earnings were $41 million in the third quarter of 2011, an increase from $28 million in the second quarter, principally reflecting higher margins in energy marketing. Trading activities generated a loss of $26 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $23 million in the second quarter. Turning to corporate and interest. Net Corporate expenses were $44 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $42 million in the second quarter. After-tax interest expense was $57 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $59 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $11 million from changes in working capital, was $1,022,000,000. Capital expenditures were $2,434,000,000. Proceeds from asset sales were $131 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $86 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $1,367,000,000. We had $827 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2011, and $1,608,000,000 at December 31, 2010. Total debt was $5,592,000,000 at September 30, 2011, and $5,583,000,000 at December 31, 2010. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at September 30, 2011, was 22.8% compared with 24.9% at the end of 2010.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
John P. Rielly: No, nothing unusual. As you know, it's a typical trading environment in the third quarter. The business, it's a small part of our portfolio. It's been good to us. It's been profitable 13 out of the last 14 years prior to this one. It took action. It did reduce positions and reduced its risk through the quarter. But nothing unusual there.
John P. Rielly: What you said is correct. There is -- you can take 70% deduction on our intangible drilling costs as an integrated company. Now I think as John Hess said earlier, we're still working out our capital budget for 2012. And at this point, I couldn't give you specific numbers on the amounts, from an unconventional standpoint, that would become intangible drilling cost. So and it's really kind of detailed information from a tax standpoint that we really wouldn't provide.
John P. Rielly: You are thinking about it the right way. So again, from an income statement standpoint, it makes no difference. You're going to still have a federal and state tax provision that's at the statutory rates. But it does provide cash tax relief early on. And then later on, you'll end up paying those cash taxes.
John P. Rielly: You're right. Your answers are directionally right on the cash cost side. So as production will be coming up, our cash cost will be coming down from the third quarter. Our DD&A in the fourth quarter, as you probably followed us, I mean, typically, our DD&A rises throughout the year as we add additional CapEx onto the program and then the reserve, more reserve bookings happening at the end of the year. So one, you have that reason. The other point is we are in an investment mode and a lot of good things are going on. So like take the Bakken. We've got -- we're drilling right now in all acquired acreage right now. It's not on our legacy position. So we're in the AOG and Tracker acreage, so that has an acquisition cost on it. We're making a lot of infrastructure investments, and we move to the 38-stage frac designs. So I mean, a lot of good things going on that will provide very good returns for us for years to come. But those investments, what happens is with reserve bookings, they always lag the investment dollars. So the reserve bookings will begin to come later on in fields like, same thing in Valhall. So we'll begin to see the DD&A rates come down out in the future, but we will have a pickup in the DD&A rate for fourth quarter.
John P. Rielly: We typically just don't -- we don't give that -- those well costs out. So, I mean, you can figure out from the rigs that are being utilized as John Hess and Greg said earlier, we spud this in July. So from those days through, obviously, through September 30. And then we'll tell you when the final well comes in, in the fourth quarter. I mean, it will be a significant amount, but we don't give out that data on individual wells.
John P. Rielly: No, it's a good question. In the third quarter, with some of our North Sea maintenance, we had a significant underlift of barrels in the U.K., and then you also know, in Norway, Valhall we had a fire so we have less sales volumes there as well. So what that means is that our Russia production became a much higher part of our -- of that European production. And therefore, that Russia, while profitable, has a lower price realization. And so that's what dropped the oil realization down. You should just expect our oil realization to go back to normal in the fourth quarter.
John P. Rielly: Okay, for the balance of our assets, Paul, we have a small underlift, if you want to say, position. But and then in Norway, we've got an overlift position. So overall, I'd say we're generally balanced that way. So you shouldn't expect anything big, but you don't know based on the timings of lift.
John P. Rielly: You have the big pieces. So Valhall clearly coming back is the biggest. We've got the growth in the Bakken like you mentioned. The one thing I don't think I heard you mention, we did have North Sea maintenance. So we did have field down. It was -- we had South Arne, we had Sidern [ph], we had Shahalian [ph], so we expect some additional production coming back there. As far as in Africa, the decline was in EG. There was a small amount of downtime somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 barrels there.
John P. Rielly: We were underlifted -- it was approximately 650,000 barrels in the third quarter. We were underlifted by approximately 600,000 barrels in both the U.K. and Azerbaijan. So 1.2 billion combined between those 2 countries. And we did had an over lift in Norway. We had a lower production. So based on the lower production, our sales volumes were higher in Norway by 500,000 barrels, and that's how it nets back down to the 650,000 barrels.
Gregory P. Hill: Let me first just make a couple of remarks about the Bakken. First of all, we're back on track in the Bakken following a tough weather-related start to the year. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we're currently at about 39,000 barrels a day, up 28% or 7,000 barrels a day on average Q-on-Q. We're adding an additional frac crew in the next couple of weeks and expect to reduce our backlog of wells while waiting completion over the next 9 months. And assuming normal weather through the winter, we feel very confident about achieving not only our production forecast this year, but also our 60,000 barrels a day in 2012. Regarding your question, the cost for a 38-stage frac, a good number to use is $10 million.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just to reiterate some of the comments in John's opening remarks, the well's spud in July, we're currently drilling at 17,000 feet right now. TD is about another 5,000 feet down. So this is a tight well. So we're not going to reveal any interim details on the well, Evan, until the well is done. Regarding your question about the block, it's actually a 3-well commitment on the block. And until we get this well done, we won't determine where those next wells are going to be.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have 2 more wells that are commitments on the block following this one now. Yet to be determined what those wells are going to be or where or what depth or anything like that. We really want to get this well done first.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, the plans are we've got 2 exploration wells currently in the permitting process in various phases, net fits [ph] and Heron in the exploration phase. Anticipating bringing the Stena Forth back into the Gulf of Mexico early 2012, most likely begin drilling net fits [ph] in 2012.
Gregory P. Hill: No, early 2012. Still finalizing our plans. But early 2012 is when we'll start drilling in the Gulf of Mexico again.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we have committed 2 rigs and that's the Stena DrillMAX. We've contracted for 5 firm wells on that rig. The current plan with Ghana, which again we're continuing to work with the government, is to drill a minimum of 3 wells. Now just to remind everyone, we're really testing 3 different play types on the block in Ghana. One is a deeper Cretaceous structure that sits below Paradise. The next one is a look-alike structural play near Paradise, and then the third one is a test on one of the many stratigraphic channel sand plays on the western part of the block. So with these 3 wells, we're actually going to test 3 different play types and their exploration wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, Doug. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we plan to begin appraisal activities in the fourth quarter. That will be the first thing that we will do is complete the market well. And then we're working with our partner, CONSOL, on starting drilling activities on some of that acreage. Next year, we'll be running 3 rigs in the Utica.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, as you know, the Eagle Ford, our focus right now is on delineating the acreage we have, and we're pleased with the results to date. So we've made no further decisions other than just staying focused on delineating what we have. Similar story in Australia. I mean, we've got some appraisal work left to do in Australia. As you know, we've so far flow tested 5 wells with results coming in as expected. And we plan to drill and test 3 additional wells by mid-2012. We've got a rig coming back at the end of the year. And so, again, we're just in the appraisal understanding mode. Also in parallel, as you know, we're in commercial discussions with 3 liquefaction routes, which I mentioned before multiple times on the call, and really trying to bring all these things together so that we can make an informed decision sometime in 2012 about the next step for the block.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're being opportunistic. The pricing is pretty high in the Eagle Ford still. As we see opportunistic ways to fill in our acreage around this, we'll do that but only if we believe it makes money.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, it will be again, we're still in negotiations with the government on various things. But the plan is to get a rig in there early in 2012. So first quarter is when we anticipate spudding.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I mean, all these wells assuming you just drill it and don't do a lot of testing and things like that, these are 60- to 80-day wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Don't know. Yes, we'll just have to wait until we get into the well, Paul, and see what we have. No plans to test Paradise, but future wells, we'll just wait and see what happens.
Gregory P. Hill: Not appraisal wells. Right. So we're testing one look alike to Paradise, which is nearby, another structural test. We're testing something below Paradise. That's a lower Cretaceous structure, large structure. And then we're testing a third play type, which is a stratigraphic channel set. So those are 3 exploration wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul, so again, in 2012, I mean, we're in the middle of our budget cycle. So we haven't finalized any of those numbers at all for next year. I would like to think that as long as we can generate excellent prospects that we will continue with our organic drill bit-led strategy. It will really going to depend...
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So let me address the Bakken first. As I mentioned, the cost for a 38-stage, a good number to assume is $10 million. Looking forward, we're optimistic that we can continue to drop that well cost through our lean manufacturing, further application of lean manufacturing and also whether or not to do sliding sleeve or plug and perf. We're pushing the technology on sliding sleeve to get greater and greater numbers of sliding sleeves in the well. So those are opportunities we see to continue to drop that well cost. Turning to the Eagle Ford. Just to remind everyone that we've drilled 22 wells thus far. Eight wells have been completed and brought on production. And on average, the 30-day IP rates of these wells are about 500 barrels per day, of which about 60% is liquids. Well costs are running about $10 million each for a 15- to 21-stage frac design. However, we expect this cost to come down as we employ many of our Bakken operating practices to the Eagle Ford. So still early days in the drilling cycle on the Eagle Ford.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think on the recall there's kind of 2 major infrastructure projects. One is the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant, which is on track. That will be complete at the end of 2012. The Tioga rail expansion is nearing completion, and we'll be ready to ship our first trains in early 2012.
Gregory P. Hill: It will be -- we've got 9-train car sets, and that gives us about a 54,000-barrel a day capacity. Now obviously, in the future if need be, we can expand that with additional train sets.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think as I mentioned earlier, we've taken a drilling break, and that's really just waiting on the rig to come back out of the shipyard after recertification. Expect to begin drilling very late this year. Drill 3 more appraisal wells and do some testing and trying to be complete with that program say mid-2012 in Australia. In parallel, we're continuing all the commercial discussions with Pluto, with Wheatstone and with Northwest Shelf trying to figure out the optimum commercial routes for the gas.
Gregory P. Hill: That data room has just been opened, Mark. So really can't comment on how many people have been through.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think the terms of that assignment are confidential, Mark. Suffice to say that we've -- Chevron and us have split BP's interest.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, we're still trying to finalize that with our partner, CONSOL. As I mentioned, we plan to ramp up the 3 rigs in the Utica in 2012, but we're finalizing all those estimates with our partner right now.
Gregory P. Hill: Again, our focus in 2012 is getting some additional exploration wells in the ground. So that is our primary focus as agreed to with the government. We're still in the exploration phase right now on the block.
Gregory P. Hill: Absolutely. There's very high interest in this block. We've had a data room open and have had a number of partners through the data room.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think we'll have -- we'll largely have the majority of that acreage held by production by the end of 2012 with some spillover into 2013.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, as you know, when we were doing the dual laterals in the pad drilling, we were drilling both Bakken and Three Forks wells. In the acreage that we've acquired, we've drilled some Three Forks wells as well. So it will be part of our long-term development strategy.
Gregory P. Hill: Right now, we're not looking at those. We're just focused on the conventional Three Forks, I'll call it, and the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're -- we continue to work with the operator to march our way to 75,000 barrels a day within 5 years after the completion of the redevelopment.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as we mentioned on last quarter's call, we had around 70 wells in our backlog. That number, it has remained constant, and that's why we're adding the additional frac crew.
Gregory P. Hill: I mean, there will always be a backlog because as part of lean manufacturing, you always have a certain number of batch jobs in your queue. But we believe we can work down the majority of that backlog with that additional frac crew over the next 6 to 9 months.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think certainly the productivity will improve substantially as we get back to pad drilling. I think the biggest opportunity for increased efficiency obviously on the completion side will be if we can push the sliding sleeve technology to 38, 34 to 38 stages. And we have a number of successful 34-stage sliding sleeves in the ground as we speak. So that's probably our biggest opportunity for efficiency. That will be a significant savings in number of days to get a well completed.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so let me answer the rail. With 9 cars, we'll have a capacity of 54,000. If we add additional railcars, additional train sets, we can go all the way up to 150,000 barrels a day or so. But right now, we have 9 train sets ordered. Four have been delivered already. A fifth will come in October, and once we get those full 9, we'll be at 54,000 barrels a day. Regarding your IP rates, on the Bakken, we now have 84 38-stage systems installed. We've got 35 on production, 19 of which have 30-day IPs, and those IP rates are averaging just over 1,000 barrels a day on the 38-stage wells. So we continue to be obviously very encouraged by those results. Regarding Paradise, it's just too early. We got a lot more drilling, a lot more exploration to do on Ghana before we understand exactly what we have there. And I think we're encouraged. We've got 500 or 490 feet to pay [ph] in a well. We've got good reservoir quality, and we've got liquids component in the well. So I think we're pleased to date, but we've got a lot more stuff to do.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. So let me answer a couple of questions on the Bakken first and then the Eagle Ford and Utica questions, and then I'll give it to John to answer the netbacks on the rail system. So we aren't going to quote an exit rate for the Bakken. I think what we've said is that we will -- our 2011 net production forecast is between 30,000 barrels and 35,000 barrels a day in the range. We're confident we are going to be in that range. We've also said that our average for next year will be 60,000 barrels a day, and I think we're confident that we can achieve that average rate for next year. Regarding production data and target for the Eagle Ford and Utica, obviously, Utica very early days. We haven't even gotten our first completion of wells. So I can't really give you any color yet on what the Utica will be. I think for the Eagle Ford, as I've said before, we're in the delineation mode. Most of our efforts have been focused on the southwest portion of the acreage. In the fourth quarter, we're going to be starting to delineate the northeastern part of the acreage. So, Paul, unfortunately, it's early days to even give you estimates on the Eagle Ford because, again, we're still in this delineation mode, trying to understand what we have.
Gregory P. Hill: But I would just add one comment on EG. We have a rig coming back into EG and anticipate being -- doing some completions and also drilling more wells next year in EG.
John B. Hess: Yes, we're going to give that update no later than the fourth quarter conference call in January. We're finalizing those numbers now. I think the important thing to recall both for this year and next year is that we're in a long-term business that obviously is commodity-based, volatile and cyclical. Having said that, our strategy remains to grow our reserves and production on a profitable and sustainable basis, and the majority of our funding for that will come from internal cash flow and selected asset sales. In fact, this year, we've had asset sales in the range receiving proceeds of about $490 million.
John B. Hess: Yes, the CapEx again, we will give that guidance in no later than the fourth quarter call in January. The majority of our funding for our program next year will come from internal cash flow and some selected asset sale.
John B. Hess: Well, in the last couple of years, we've increased our exposure happily so to unconventionals. About 40% of our spending now is on unconventionals. It's a more balanced approach. It provides lower risk growth to our future production and earnings. And that balanced approach between the unconventionals and conventionals, that balance should continue in the future.
John B. Hess: Yes, as you know and recall that we took steps in the last year in our joint venture to downsize the refinery to increase the margin per barrel and also take some costs out of the business. That's all been successful. I think the benefit to that, we certainly saw at the beginning of the third quarter. But what happened were really 2 things. Gasoline margins came down in September, but also the front end of the crude market came up, and so margins were squeezed there. I think the refinery is in a more competitive position but it still has some competitive issues in entire fuel cost versus the Gulf Coast refinery that has the advantage of natural gases at feedstock. And that's an issue that we still look at. And as I've said before, it's a very small piece of our portfolio. We wanted to run reliably and securely, safely, and we're going to continue to do all we can to optimize its financial performance. And we'll always consider strategic options, but given the current environment, they're not that many, and we also have a partner that we also have to work with in that regard.
John B. Hess: Well, I think it's important to know that we remain committed to keeping a solid investment grade rating. We also remain committed to having a very strong balance sheet that John Rielly talked about before. We have available to us a $4 billion revolving credit facility that is undrawn. So we feel we have plenty of liquidity to fund our capital spend going forward through the cycle between internal cash flow, selected asset sales and liquidity facilities that we have on hand.
John B. Hess: No, don't have some flexibility to deal with our own production flexibility. And in fact, we'll probably going to send a couple of rail cars to debottleneck that facility in the fourth quarter.
John B. Hess: It's more an economic issue, Mark, than anything else. Some of the operating problems we've had at HOVENSA in the past, I think they've made a lot of improvements in terms of reliability, operating excellence. So it's more an economic-driven issue.
John B. Hess: I wouldn't want to speculate about what the netbacks are going to be because WTI has had a lot of movement recently relative to Brent. So what the differentials will be going forward, there are a lot of moving pieces there. So I'd rather get some history under our belt and some clarity in the market before we would speculate that. Obviously, the differential between Brent or Gulf Coast-based crudes and WTI is still a very significant number. So the fact that we have railcars, that will enhance our net backs at the current time.
John B. Hess: Yes, and on the railcars, Paul, 2 points. The commercial terms of the rail agreement and the shipping arrangements are competitively sensitive. So I can't give further color on that. The only thing is where the spreads, where they are, it would be advantageous to our netback.
