Gregory P. Hill: Let me take your first question Brian. So what's going to drive the decision to increase the rig count, as John mentioned in his opening remarks, we're currently operating 4 rigs that, with the 60-stage fracs and the increased proppant levels, 4 rigs should deliver a production growth of approximately 10% a year over the next several years which is nearly the same production growth with 4 rigs that would've taken with 6 rigs a year ago. So because of those factors, the decision is really going to be based upon the crude oil outlook at the end of the year and also, will we continue to see higher and higher performance from those enhanced completions. So those are going to be the two things that we're going to be looking at. In regards to your NGL and gas, as you know, we just brought on the Hawkeye Facility in the first quarter and so we continue to gather more and more third-party volumes as we go through as well as our own volumes south of the river, so.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. Well, obviously, this upsizes the resources quite substantially. So we've gone the range from 2.25 million to 2.75 million barrels of oil recoverable. So we are working with the operator now on planning and engineering studies underway for, obviously, additional phases of development. And as that comes to fruition, we'll provide additional information on those future phases. However, obviously, this increases the resources very substantially.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think that when we said upsizing by 10% to 15%, that assumes a higher proppant loading as well. Now what I can't tell you, Doug, is are we going to settle on 120,000 pounds per stage, 140,000 pounds per stage, 130,000 pounds per stage. We're still in the midst of basically figuring that out. But the early results from the 11 wells that we have online with 140,000 pounds per stage is very encouraging. So that gives us confidence to say that this is a 10% to 15% uplift in the EUR. It also allowed us to increase our IP90s by some 100 barrels a day on average for the remainder of the year. So it's a combination of both.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, obviously, that depends upon evaluation and kind of what you find. But yes, I mean, most likely we would have results in both by year-end.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Guy, thanks for the question. So let's start with Turbid (48:07), so Turbid (48:08) is very similar to Liza, meaning it's a stratigraphic play type that is on this rim of the bowl that we've talked about. It's to the southeast of where Liza is located. And then if you move to Ranger, Ranger is further out in the basin and it is a very different play type, which appears to be a carbonate buildup with on-lapping sediments, very large structure but they are very different play types. So again, Turbid (48:43) is more akin to Liza kind of a play type, whereas Ranger is completely different kind of play type. As far as a go-forward on exploration, remember, we have until 2026 to explore on the block, so effectively nine years from where we are today. The pace for next year, you can assume a one rig kind of pace doing exploration. So that's about $150 million a year or so in net to Hess. And within that exploration campaign next year, there may be some more appraisals on Liza because we see more upside on Liza as well.
Gregory P. Hill: And the last thing I'd add, Guy, to your question on the play types, these play types are also what we see extending into the Suriname blocks, which is why we've gotten an interest in two of those as well.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think there's a number of factors why the breakeven is what it is. So let's start with the reservoir. Very prolific reservoir porosity, permeability, which means that your producers in Phase I are going to recover about 56 million barrels per well. Secondly, the wells are very shallow. They're only about 12,000 feet to 13,000 feet below the mud line, and don't have any of the typical drilling things that you would financial in the Gulf of Mexico that require multiple casing strings. So the well costs here are a third, call it, of the Gulf of Mexico. I think the third thing is that we're doing this at the low point in the cycle. So, FPSO, Surf, drilling, all those things are occurring at a low point in the cost cycle. And then finally, although we can't be specific, it has a good PSC that really helps you at these lower prices. So all four of those things contribute to the very low breakeven.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, as John said, I mean, the couple things that will govern that decision on certainly increasing the rig count will be oil price and the performance of these enhanced completions. I think in any case we're running the Bakken for value and for cash and not growth for growth sake, right. So I think that's a key tenet in how we're actually running the Bakken. Regarding decreasing the rig rate, I mean that is a potential opportunity if oil prices get low, even lower. That's a pin that we could pull if we have to. That's currently not our plan but obviously we could if we had to.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So we've got our rigs committed for three years and pumping for two. However, all of those contracts have flexibility in them both on the up and the down. So no major issue if we decided to reduce rigs. But as John said, that's not our plan. We're very comfortable with four rigs in the Bakken at this $40 to $50 range. I think another important point on that, we have over 800 wells that generate an after-tax return of 15% or higher at $40 WTI flat. So we've got a very healthy inventory of outstanding return wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So, I think, Paul, there will be dynamic data that we're gathering as part of Phase I, but you should think about that as a parallel path with doing FEED on Phase II. So as you're learning, as you're going, you'll incorporate those learnings because it's really going to come down to the dynamic data is going to give you learnings on the well behavior. And so that won't really make a difference until later in the project, the Phase II project. So parallel path, dynamic learning as you go and incorporating those as you are building and drilling Phase II.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Ryan, so the 60-stage will have broad applicability. So that has become our standard design now in the core of the Bakken. Recall we've got about 1,500 wells that generate 15% or higher after-tax return at $50 per barrel. Now that number was based on our old design, 50-stage, 70,000 pounds per stage. So as we update our models, we expect that that number will get even higher of the number of wells that breakeven at 50. So breakevens are going down, EURs are going up, IP90s are going up, all of which bodes pretty well. So the one piece of data that we can't be exact on yet is what is the proppant loading going to be? 140,000 pounds look good. We're trying to find the edge of the interference. We might back off a little bit from that, and hopefully by the end of the year and going into 2018, we can be more definitive on exactly what that proppant loading is going to be, but 60-stage is now the standard.
John B. Hess: Yeah, the oil and gas mix at the wellhead is the same. This is just a question of us capturing more gas due to south of the river having the infrastructure there, reducing our flaring footprint. So it has nothing to do with well performance.
John B. Hess: Yeah. We're reasonably confident the operator is moving forward with a second ship (38:02), and with these recent results, there's a strong likelihood we'll have a third ship (38:07).
John B. Hess: But it's going to be phased over time. So it's going to be very manageable from a financial perspective. But the thing here it's going to give us an increasing resource base, put us on a very sustainable growth trajectory, but significantly lower our cost per barrel. That will give us resilient returns in a $35 or $40 [a barrel] world. So I think it's really going to advantage the company in terms of improving cash-on-cash returns once production comes on in 2020.
John B. Hess: Yes. No. Very fair. As we see, we're in the investment mode, which depending on oil price, may mean continuing having a financial deficit. I think it's very important to know that we will selectively use asset sales to fund that deficit. And you're talking about mature, higher-cost assets, very much as we did with our sale of EOR assets in the Permian. But the key thing here is our growth is underpinned by the four key assets we talked about: 70% of our CapEx, the Bakken, the two developments offshore in the Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of Thailand and Guyana. Our other assets actually do play an important role in the portfolio in terms of cash generation with growth potential as oil prices improve. But we will selectively look at some of those assets in the normal course of business if it makes sense to sell them to continue to optimize our portfolio, very much as we did with the Permian.
John B. Hess: Yeah. I might pick that one up, Doug, because we've coordinated this with the operator and our partner ExxonMobil. First, I think the most important thing here is the Payara-2 appraisal well was very significant. It confirmed a second giant oil discovery in Guyana and also increased the gross discovered recoverable resources just from Payara to 500 million barrels of oil equivalent. So it's going to be very economic. It's going to be a great investment and great return. And the key opportunity we have there, as you know, was we were able to deepen the Payara-2 well by only approximately 300 meters, or 1,000 feet, to evaluate a deeper exploration objective, which provided a low-cost opportunity to evaluate a potentially material prospect. I can say now, this is the same position from our partners as well, the well encountered high-quality sands. They were water-bearing, but they had oil shows throughout. So the results were and are very encouraging, from both the reservoir quality and hydrocarbon system perspective, and evaluation of the well results is ongoing. And I think the other key point is there is considerable resources discovered to-date, but we see additional multibillion barrels of unrisked exploration potential in the Stabroek Block ahead of us.
John B. Hess: Yeah, okay. So a good question. So really the Q2 IP90 performance was very good because we're drilling in the core of the core, which is the Keene area. And that's really the best area that we have in the core of the Bakken. And those wells were actually performing even higher than what our forecast was. Now as we go into the second half of the year, we're going to move outside the Keene area with a couple rigs. They're still good wells. They're just not as good as Keene, but they're still very good wells.
John B. Hess: Yes. I think the key takeaway here is continued tight capital and expense controls, selective asset sales of mature higher-cost per barrel assets using the MLP as a future funding mechanism, altogether with Guyana and our growth opportunities that we're investing in put us on a trajectory to be cash generative in a $50 world once Guyana comes on. And I think that's the key takeaway and that's the objective for our company.
John B. Hess: At the current rig count we have, we're very comfortable being at a four-rig rate in a $40 to $50 world. I think that's a key point.
John B. Hess: Yeah. Paul, we're assuming $50 as the oil price that we're going to have for some time, and while we're in the investment mode now because of Guyana, and we earn very good returns in the future from that, and also the Bakken as well at the four rig count, we're putting the company to be in a position that when Guyana comes on in a $50 world, we will be cash generative.
John B. Hess: Yeah, with all due respect, Paul, when you model us versus I would say other companies that have balanced portfolios, I actually think we're holding our own. So I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but from the numbers we've run we're actually starting to get recognition that what we have in Guyana is truly game changing. In our investor pack we show that the returns it will generate, the EURs per well, the cost per barrel like $7 a barrel development cost is quite distinguishing. And so when you compare our business model versus the pure plays, whether it's offshore or shale, we actually, I'd say, are probably holding our own in the middle of the pack, now we want to be at the top of the pack, and I think as we execute our strategy, we will. So I think that's the takeaway that I would respond to you with.
John B. Hess: Well, I wouldn't want to speculate on any asset sales. Being an operator offshore is fundamental to our strategic positioning going forward. Being an operator in the unconventionals is fundamental as well. It also helps us when we are a partner with someone else who is an operator. So we're going to stay as an operator, both onshore and offshore. And whatever selective asset sales we have in the future, we'll be focused on maximizing value, bringing value forward and lowering us on the cost per barrel curve, and there will be some selective opportunities that we look at as we go forward to meet some of our funding gap to fund our growth opportunities. And remember, John Rielly pointed out that we'll be also looking at the MLP as well, or our joint venture above the MLP.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So from a forecast standpoint on Tubular Bells, Tubular Bells actually produced 19,000 barrels a day on average in the second quarter. And so when you calculate the DD&A, it's still based on the same reserves that we had at the beginning of the year. Now with production we may get an update in reserves as we move through the year, but as of right now with the quarter, you're using the same calculation. So all we're getting is more barrels with the same DD&A rate that we had previously. So the DD&A rate for Tubular Bells is above our portfolio average rate. So the more barrels it produces, it just increases our overall DD&A. And right now with the Bakken same thing, and we'll continue to see with the uplift in EURs, adding more and more reserves, but right now the Bakken DD&A rate is above our portfolio average. So as we bring on more volumes there, it does increase DD&A. All non-cash, all happy to get because both Tubular Bells and Bakken are delivering more cash flow as a result of it. But just from a pure accounting requirement on the DD&A, it just gives us a higher DD&A.
John P. Rielly: So they both are getting higher. So I mean you've heard what's been happening with our type curves in the Bakken, so we are producing. Our EURs are performing above our type curve forecast, which will obviously then lead to higher reserves. And Tubular Bells, as well, we're doing kind of the slow ramp and bringing it up to production. Tubular Bells is currently producing around 20,000 barrels a day. So we are getting, like you said, better returns and over time that will get into our reserve numbers.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So from the funding, you saw in our release, right, that it was approximately $950 million is the capital associated with the first phase, with $110 million already in our budget this year, going to $250 million, then to $330 million, and the remainder split between 2020 and 2021, so very manageable within our capital budget. And the way we think about it, although nothing has been set yet with the operator, but if you're going to get to our second FPSO, you're probably talking a two to three-year period from today where we'll really start the same type of process. So if you take a look at that same phasing, that phasing will happen again two years from now. And then we will have the production startup of Liza Phase I. And as typical in a PSC, you can begin to get your cost recovery of your cost bank. And that will help fund the second phase. Now specifically on taxes, Doug, I am limited, because the terms are confidential, as you said. I know there's been some PSC leaked, but we can't talk about it with specifics, except to say I think, as both John and Greg have mentioned, that when we run out and you run out to like the Liza Phase I economics, this provides good returns down to $35 Brent. So, again, with the quality of the reservoir, the lower cost environment we're seeing offshore, and the combination with the PSC provides that good returns down to $35 in Guyana. It really truly is an exceptional discovery and development.
John P. Rielly: Hey, Bob, the only other thing – I just wanted to add is those IP90s are only oil. Those are barrels of oil, so it has nothing to do with gas capture.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So I'll address that. And we do view this as a win-win for Hess and for our midstream business as well. So what we would be thinking of drops is nothing imminent that would go from the JV we have down to the MLP because this is a public entity because of the organic growth that both John and Greg have laid out that we had with our four-rig program. What we are working with on our JV partner is we have within Hess still plenty of 100%-owned type midstream assets that we could put in the top-tier JV such as our North Dakota water-handling business, which we've spoke about. So that is something that can be dropped into the JV, and then later, so it bumps up the EBITDA runway at the top level and that asset then subsequently can be dropped into the public vehicle as the EBITDA growth continues in the MLP. There are other assets that we have in North Dakota, other 100%-owned assets besides the water handling that we'd be looking to put in. And then we'd look across our portfolio, even including assets in the Gulf of Mexico, such as like our Stampede TLP. So there's other types of assets that we'll be looking at it and it will be part of, kind of, as I said, a win-win part of our funding in this lower-price environment for Hess, and it's giving more EBITDA runway to the midstream business.
John P. Rielly: So we're at – at current prices, Paul, we're generating significant free cash flow from the Bakken. So it would, as Greg said, we've got 800 wells that give 15% type returns at $40. So, look, I know you and I have talked about this in the past. On a cash cost level for the Bakken, it is below our portfolio average. So prices would have to go significantly lower to cause us not to be breakeven, not to have free cash flow.
John P. Rielly: So what we were talking about is how the phasing of capital on a second phase. So this you really should ask the operator on the timing of that phasing. But now with the results of Liza-4 and it being so good and now Payara-2 again getting up to 500 million barrels, we feel pretty confident that there's going to be a second FPSO. So now it's timing with the operator is we sanctioned Liza-1 here this first one in 2017, so somewhere I was just estimating in a two- to three-year period it should be sanctioning the second one.
John P. Rielly: So, it really isn't an activity-based reduction. It really is efficiency and cost reduction efforts. I mean you've seen what's been happening on the cash cost side, so day-in and day-out we're focusing on reducing cost on the OpEx and capital. And Bakken actually isn't the biggest driver of our CapEx budget reduction because we actually are moving, as Greg said, to the 60 stages in the higher proppant. What we've been able to do with efficiency there though is not increase the budget in Bakken even with moving to that. So then it's more across the portfolio, you heard North Malay Basin did start up a little bit early, so we've had some reductions from North Malay Basin. I think you've been hearing where Stampede is, that it's out in the Gulf, so we've actually got some reductions there as well. And then the remaining pieces, it's just across the portfolio.
John P. Rielly: Sure. Let me answer your second one first. The only reason we don't have the Midstream information in this press release because, as John mentioned in his opening remarks, is Hess Midstream Partners, now it's a public company, is having its first earnings call tomorrow. So after the Midstream earnings call tomorrow, we will post in our supplement all the Midstream information that we had previously provided. So we just didn't want to front run their earnings call. As far as capital to maintain kind of our oil gas mix, our production type flat, the typical way I look at it is, take your number of barrels that you are producing in a year, this can be for any company, Paul, and then pick your F&D rate. If it's $15, if it's $20, so with us, if you're using anywhere a range of $15 F&D to $20 F&D, you're in that 1.7 billion to low 2 billion barrels to be able to maintain production at a flat range. So it is there. With Guyana, obviously, we've got some low F&D type projects coming into the portfolio as well as Bakken. But over the long run, that's to me a typical way to look at how you can maintain your production flat.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So, assuming the four-rig program and let me just at least do 2018 versus 2017, so we have four rigs in 2018. On an average this year, we're going to be running three-and-a-half rigs in the Bakken. The other thing will be, for 2018, we'll be using right from the start, the higher stage counts and the higher proppant loading, whatever that level is. So Bakken capital will go up in 2018 for both those reasons, but not a tremendous amount, but there will be an increase there. The other, let's just go what else would increase in the portfolio. As you know, the Phase I of Liza was sanctioned. We had $110 million in the budget this year. It's $250 million in 2018, so that will be where the other increase is. Then offsetting those is both North Malay Basin and Stampede. So we have about $700 million of capital this year. Look, we will be providing guidance as normal in our January call, but you could look at somewhere around $400 million between the two on North Malay Basin and Stampede. So that will be a significant offset. We had some drilling going on in the Gulf of Mexico, which looks like will be reduced in 2018 as well. So hopefully, that can give you just general levels of where CapEx are and we'll update in 2018.
John P. Rielly: Oh, sorry. Yes, it'll be down from $700 million to $400 million. And then the only other thing I just remembered is with Valhall, we did start the platform rig a little bit later in 2017, so we'll be running that platform rig for the full year in 2017. So it could be a slight increase in Valhall's capital.
John P. Rielly: Hey, Ryan, just to make sure I got the message out to you on CapEx. So with all those in and outs that I talked about here, you should not expect our CapEx really to be going up next year because of the reductions in North Malay Basin and Stampede and as well as the lower CapEx in the Gulf of Mexico, we'll be staying in the low end of that $2 billion range. So just to make sure I got that clear with you.
John P. Rielly: From the Bakken, again, to make sure I get this out. Right now, at these prices or lower, the Bakken generates free cash flow. And, as Greg mentioned, we've got 800 wells, even at $40 WTI that generate 15% return. So, as John said, we do have deficits right now. Our target over that medium-term, once Liza comes onstream, is to be net cash flow positive, $50. That's post-dividend as well. And we believe we can do that while providing attractive and competitive rates of production growth and returns. So currently where we are right now, our cash flow from operations, say, in 2017 covers all our producing assets capital, and our dividend at these current prices. As we move into 2018, though, our North Malay Basin and Stampede projects will become cash generators. So again that's going to help lower that deficit. And then what we'll do until Guyana comes onstream, is we'll continue to use our strong cash position, remember we have the Permian asset sale coming in the third quarter, to supplement our cash flow to fund those growth projects which is Bakken, we're going to keep with the Bakken and four rigs, especially at the current prices as you've heard, because it does generate good returns. And then Guyana and because of the value that both Bakken and Guyana generate for us, and we're past the development spend on North Malay Basin and Stampede, we can drive to have an increase in cash flow, free cash flow position post Guyana coming on in a $50 world.
John P. Rielly: Earnings is going to be the non-cash DD&A obviously, we have that high rate that we go on right now. Bakken and Guyana will continue to drive down that rate as Bakken reserves get added, and then as well as additional reserves we get booked with Guyana, and that production comes onstream. The exact point, Paul, I don't know. The breakeven on net income will follow kind of the cash flow, free cash flow numbers, so again it will be post Guyana.
John P. Rielly: So just as an example, earlier this year, we did do a sale. It was approximately $100 million for what we were considering non-core acreage that we wouldn't get to because of the quality of our DSUs still sometime in the future. And so, again, it's an example. As John said, we're going to look where the value is. It was worth more to someone else because they were going to drill it earlier than we would, and we did do that sale. So what we do is try to work together with our midstream business to get the overall best integrated value that we can for both Hess and the midstream on our acreage. And so could further sales of non-core acreage happen in the Bakken? Yes. Yes, that could happen.
John P. Rielly: Hi, John. It's John. The well cost in Guyana, so we're not being specific; we've got to ask the operator. So what has been happening for us and the numbers that you know out there are on, let's just call it, a dry hole cost. If you're just going down to the bottom to TD on an exploration well, it's only net to us, like $15 million, okay? So gross that up, it's like $50 million for a direct dry hole. So then you get into on our exploration wells on whether we're coring or testing, there's going to be more. And then the overall development wells, the cost of those wells are baked into that overall gross $3.2 billion of the development cost, but we have not broken out individually the wells, and I guess that would be more for the operator to do.
John P. Rielly: So we weren't going to be specific, so what I would tell you on the two biggest were the DAPL line-fill. It was 1.2 million barrels that we had to, as part of our being an anchor shipper in DAPL. So that was the biggest. The next one was the rig termination payment that we had. It was the rig that was working on Tubular Bells, and we've completed that, and this was the last payment on that. So those two were the biggest and then the remainder is between the hedge premiums and the frac sand.
