Greg Hill: Yes. Doug, this is Greg. So the exit rate is going to be somewhere in the range of 170 to 175. And the reason is because we're projecting a little bit lower POP volumes in the fourth quarter with seasonal NGL prices coming up. So 170 to 175. As far as 2021, we're still in the throes of developing our plans for next year. So we'll give you guidance on that in January as always. What I will say though is we believe that we can hold production relatively flat if -- with a 2-rig program we could hold it relatively flat. So there will be some decline on a one year -- with a 1-rig program but we will give you that guidance in January. 
Greg Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. So currently the focus remains on the commissioning work that I talked about in my opening remarks. So that's getting further in gas injection capacity and also water injection capacity. That work is ongoing. And we expect that we can ramp to full capacity, during the month of August of the 120,000 barrels a day or so. Beyond that, the operator is evaluating de-bottlenecking options. We don't know exactly how much additional capacity that's going to add yet, because the studies are ongoing. But what I will say is that that de-bottlenecking work will most likely occur in the first half of 2021. So we hope that, in the first half that we'll be able to get more capacity out of Liza Phase 1. But we'll quantify that amount in the future once, we've chosen an option.
Greg Hill: No. I think John you pretty much answered it. I mean, we saw a spike in Tioga that was not only some local workers, but also some of the people that we were going to bring in from the Gulf Coast for the turnaround. There were spikes going on in that part of Texas as well. So we just made a conscious decision that for the safety of our employees and for the safety of our community up there in Tioga that we did not want to introduce the potential for additional COVID cases. So again it was purely a safety based decision.
Greg Hill: Yeah sure. So Brian I mean pretty much what we saw was the same quality of reservoirs that were in Yellowtail-1. And as John mentioned, those reservoirs are very much Liza like, so very high quality oil, very high quality reservoir. And then as we went over to Yellowtail-2 as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we saw continuity with an existing very large aerial extent in Yellowtail, and then also a lower lobe if you will, but also had very high quality pay and very high quality oil in it. So the result of that is the Yellowtail complex is just getting much bigger. And given the quality of the oil and the quality of the reservoir, it makes a lot of sense to move that development forward, a, because it's higher capacity. And again it's got a much higher quality both crude oil and reservoir than say hammerhead, right. And, of course, Redtail moving over again it's 1.25 miles away, we expect that that would further extend the aerial extent of those reservoirs. And so far looks like good continuity between everything. So that just bodes well for an extremely good development again at that higher capacity.
Greg Hill: Absolutely. I mean, the wells are -- these are amazing wells, or awesome wells and they're meeting or beating all of our expectations. So, great wells, no issue with wells whatsoever.
Greg Hill: Yes, Bob. So the plan is that we do hope to spud that well before the end of the year. It's the next in queue on the exploration order. So, hopefully, the Noble Don Taylor will be able to spud that well before the end of the year. It's working right -- it's going -- obviously, even Redtail and it's going to do some phase two producers and then we'll go to Hoss [ph] after that. So depending on how long all that takes, we should get it spud by the end of the year.
Greg Hill: Yes, you bet. So, again, the Gulf of Mexico is a key part land for us, great cash engine, plus we have the proven capability, not only on the exploration side, but also on the project delivery, which includes drilling and development of topside. So obviously, it remains a key for us. And in the last five years, we've acquired 60 leases in the Gulf of Mexico for a grand total of $120 million. So very good price for all those leases. And it's really composed of three things: a ILX kind of near infrastructure opportunities; b Miocene greenfield hub opportunities; and then thirdly, the cretaceous play which really get derisked by the Norphlet, right? Because everyone thought the Norphlet was going to be tombstone and of course Shell and Chevron found not only very high-quality sands, but very thick sands and the cretaceous sandwich between the Miocene and the Norphlet.  So obviously in order for crude to make it from the source rock all the way to Miocene that had to pass through both Norphlet and cretaceous. So the prospects that are in the cretaceous which we got a good position as John said, we also have a position that has partners. So we derisk it. But these are very large hub-class opportunities. So BP had Galapagos in the queue in 2020 given it's a large prospect. Again sandwiched between the Norphlet and the Miocene and the Mississippi Canyon area we said we will go ahead and drill it. So it's purely just a matter of where it came in the queue because again, we like all three opportunity sets that we have ILX, Miocene and this cretaceous play. Obviously as crude prices move up, we'll want to get back to work in the Gulf of Mexico on our own things. And first in the queue is going to be some of those ILX opportunities like a second well at Esox. But again, we need to see a little bit higher crude price before we do that so we did Galapagos because the opportunity was now. 
Greg Hill: Yes sure. So getting down to that $6 million, two-thirds of that was supply chain and one-third is efficiencies -- further efficiencies. Now as we look forward, there's probably going to be minimal supply chain concession. So, most of that we've already realized. But as we look forward through further lean manufacturing applications and also technology we think we can get that cost down lower. So we think next year there will be a five and in the number versus a six.
Greg Hill: Yes sure. So certainly in the -- Bakken has the advantage of being very spread out, right? But certainly we limit the size that people are allowed to gather in the same room. And then when we're doing work so for example on the Tioga expansion, when we're doing work we're confining the work to pods of workers that are typically anywhere from six to 10 people, and those people stay together. And so we keep social distance between pods and organize the work such that you don't expose large numbers of the people right to each other. So that's the way that we've approached the work. That's worked very effectively and very well. And the one little spike that we did see in Tioga was one pod and it was confined completely to that pod, because of the practices that we used. On the Gulf of Mexico, we require testing, and then of course, extended hitches offshore again to minimize exposure, and also our crew changes are kind of blitz, they used to be staggered, but now there's one single crew change. So that way you minimize exposure as well. So as a result of the measures we've taken, I mean, all of our field operations are continuing to produce with the appropriate safeguards. So, so far so good.
John Hess: Doug, great questions. Hope you and your family are well as well. Look, the Court of Appeal in Guyana is expected to issue a ruling tomorrow, and we hope the ruling will provide further clarity on the election outcome. Ultimately, we expect the will of the Guyanese people will be expressed in this final results. I think, it's really important to know. The leadership of both major political parties has stated support for the Stabroek production sharing contract. And in terms of Payara and moving the development forward, the joint venture is ready to move forward as expeditiously as possible as soon as the government is ready to do so. So I think that's the clarity there. And what the potential impact is on the ultimate development timing and production timing of Payara will be a function of us working forward with the government. So I wouldn't want to speculate more than that, but we're ready to move forward as soon as the government is ready to move forward. In terms of the exploration success that we've had, the 16 discoveries, six of which these exploration wells were spud in 2019 most recently. They have – actually during this time some of the drilling delays have enabled us to optimize the resource to be developed for ships four and ships five, and ultimately lowering the cost per barrel and increasing the NPV of these discoveries. So just these six recent exploration discoveries that were spud in 2019 were – is going to bring value forward. You're making a good point, which is I think a second point which is a number of these appraisals that we're drilling will be tiebacks, which will be value enhancers and extend the plateau. You're absolutely right on that. So I think it's both points optimizing ship four and five, just because of our recent exploration and appraisal activities, but also building our inventory of tiebacks will also bring value forward. And then the third point, I'd say is that, we have a really exciting world-class inventory of feasible drillable prospects both in the Campanian where most of our discoveries have been made where the developments are currently moving forward, but also deeper horizons. Greg talked about one in Yellowtail and also the deeper Santonian. And this will really underpin low-cost barrel developments for many years to come, sustaining our trajectory of industry-leading cash flow growth from Guyana through the decade. So I think, hopefully, that provides some context for you in terms of how we think about the exploration potential, development potential, production potential of the world-class asset that we have in Guyana.
John Hess: And then, Arun on pricing for Liza crude, Liza crude was pricing at Brent. And we continue to guide that it will be pricing at parity to Brent. So what you saw in the second quarter was that, we had two liftings, but both of those priced and delivered early in the quarter when Brent prices were very low. So when you're going to see our third quarter realizations, we'll reflect the quarter-on-quarter improvement in Brent prices.
John Hess: Sure, Paul. I mean, as you said it is early, and we will discuss our guidance as usual, in January. But where we are right now, we expect our 2021 capital spend to be flat to down, compared to 2020. And the big moving parts is we'll have lower spend in the Bakken, continuing with the one rig and then that will be offset by higher spend in Guyana.
John Hess: So for -- as you said, so we have the first cargo and it was sold in China, as I mentioned at a premium to November, Brent prices. And I think I mentioned this last quarter, but we locked in the contango in the Brent market by obviously capturing the difference between the near month prices and prices at the expected sales date. And then now as I mentioned, plus we are receiving an uplift in price differential of selling at a premium to Brent in the Asian market versus a significant discount that we would have had to WTI in the second quarter. So basically the combination of those two benefits more than offsets the cost of storing and transporting those volumes to the Asian market.  So again, we're not being specific. Each VLCC is different but, the way we locked it in and the contango. And then obviously picking up the better differential is making it a very profitable trade for our Bakken crude.
John Hess: Yeah. So, let me put it this way, because it gets to a hypothetical calculation. Because as you know Paul trying to move and sell barrels in the second quarter especially in May, we don't even know if we could have sold those barrels. And if we did sell those barrels would it have been even more than a discount we were seeing in the market. So I think the best way to look at it, is as I said the move from WTI to Brent and locking in that Brent contango took care of all of the cost. You probably saw in May the differentials on WTI down at Gulf Coast say, $14 to $15 under WTI. And now we're picking up a premium to Brent. So you can apply the difference in that discount plus the premium to all those barrels. So you can see for us it if one, -- as we talked about, we didn't want to shut in production. This allows us to sell these barrels in the same year versus if you shut in production you never would have gotten those barrels sold and got that cash flow plus it allowed us to enhance the value of the Bakken crude.
John Hess: Greg will answer this, but it's all about safety and the welfare of our employees and contractors of the community where we do business. So it was a safety decision a precaution and we absolutely know we did the right thing there. But Greg do you want to elaborate at all? And then John can talk about any other financial impacts.
John Hess: Yes. And specifically, we have no plans to issue equity Brian. And we're always looking to optimize our portfolio. And if there are some noncore assets that we can monetize to bring some of that cash forward, you can assume that we'll do that as we've done in the past.
John Hess: Yes. No fair question, Jeanine. I think two points I'd like to make there. First, we have less than 2.5% of our acreage in North Dakota on federal lands and with significantly reduced Gulf of Mexico activity through 2021. We don't anticipate any significant near impacts to Hess from any potential regulatory changes from a new administration. But I think the second point which is a very important one is that 23% of U.S. productions on -- of oil is on federal lands about two-thirds of that oil production is offshore Gulf of Mexico. And any proposals that would restrict our country's ability to explore, develop and produce that oil is going to be very bad for U.S. jobs, very bad for the U.S. economy and very bad for our national security. So we hope when people are thinking about future policy, when it comes to federal lands reason prevails, which would be in the interest of all U.S. taxpayers and consumers. 
John Hess: Yes, sure. Excellent question. Look the status of DAPL, we continue to transport volumes on DAPL while we wait for a decision on the stay from the District Court of Appeals. We have 55,000 barrels a day from transportation on DAPL. If DAPL is shut in, we have the capacity to move all of our Bakken production because of the flexibility provided by our marketing capability, our Hess Midstream infrastructure and our long-term commitments to multiple markets. And specifically, if DAPL were interrupted, rail would feature plus other pipeline systems that we move oil on currently would feature. So it would not have a major impact on moving all of our production, if DAPL were shut in and the cost to us would be a few dollars per barrel.
John Hess: Yes. No, we would want WTI to be in the range of $50 for us to consider to bring that rig back. And our focus is to maximize cash flow generation for sure and that's going to be a dynamic between price -- the outlook for prices and keeping our liquidity strong. So again when we get to the end of the year, we'll be able to give more clarity on what our plans for the Bakken are. Right now, it's one rig. And as we go into next year, we'll make the decision according to where the market outlook is.
John Hess: Yes. Newly elected government needs to be put in place. And as soon as it is, our joint venture will work closely with the government to move the development forward. Just for conservatism, we're talking about a six to 12-month delay. As a function of how it works out with this newly elected government, we'll be able to be more specific on the exact timing once we get the development approved, which we anticipate getting eventually.
John Rielly: And then from a financial standpoint, obviously, we're picking up on an annual basis about 5,000 barrels a day of added production from it mostly natural gas and NGLs, actually all of the natural gas and NGLs from that. And then we'll have, obviously, less cost in the third quarter associated with the maintenance. So all that is moved to next year. But again Paul as Gregory said this was related to COVID and the safety of the employer’s, employees, contractors in the local community.
John Rielly: Thanks Brian. No what we are planning -- the plan first of all that we put in place as John said that preserve cash, preserve capability and preserve long-term value is in this low price environment we wanted to get all the way through to Phase 2 in Guyana and be in a position then picking up, I'm just going to say approximately 60,000 barrels a day of Brent-based production coming into the portfolio. So once we can get to that Phase 2 and then obviously Payara comes on in Phase 4, we believe we can fund our way through that cycle and fund our investments in Guyana with our current positions that we have. Now obviously, we have tremendous liquidity as I mentioned earlier, but what we are looking at right now that even with the low oil price environment that we're not going to add debt to our balance sheet during this period. And again, we think we put a plan in place that gets us through to that Phase 2.
John Rielly: Yes, Roger. That's clearly part of our plan to hedge in 2021. Because as we were talking about earlier, we know we are bridging to that Phase 2 in Guyana. And obviously, we've done the reduction in our capital spend. We've got the term loan. We did as you said have a strong position -- hedge position here for 2020. So as we move through the year, we like to keep with our strategy of using put options. So you can expect us to put options in the fourth quarter. Like you said, right now, from just the volatility and the time value of the put options, putting them on right now would be too expensive. However, as we get into the fourth quarter and get closer to 2021, you should expect us to put on hedges and to put on a significant hedge position, similar to what we did in 2020.
A – John Hess: Yes, on the BP Galapagos prospect it was purely a time issue. And when we say preserve cash preserve capability, preserve long-term value of assets obviously Galapagos fits in that latter category but there was a time constraint there. At the same time in this pricing environment, we're going to focus on preserving the cash. And our activity levels in the Gulf of Mexico are not anticipated to be very high until we get more visibility on oil prices and the oil markets stabilizing and strengthening. 
A – John Hess: Well our company is always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio, but one of the lowest cost highest return investments in the industry is our position in Guyana. We see a lot more running room there and it's actually something if we could get more of it, we'd like more of it. So no, we don't have any interest in selling down. So high returns and low cost. Nothing competes with it in the industry. 
A – John Hess: Okay. So from a well cost standpoint if you saw we did -- the D&C, we did drop our D&C cost to $6 million in the quarter. That was our goal to get there by the end of the year. So we did achieve that a bit earlier. So we are getting some nice reductions there in the Bakken from that standpoint. Outside of that, I think it's just the normal efficiencies. Greg and his team are continuing to drive that down. Yes, Bakken from within our original $1.9 billion and what we guided from the last quarter is down a bit more from the last quarter because of the efficiencies there. But overall with the portfolio of $1.9 billion we're seeing a little bit more now with the rigs back operating in Guyana just a little bit more in the Guyana. So it's a nice offset and keeps a set our $1.9 billion capital spend. 
A – John Hess: Well so for the Q2, I mean production did come in approximately 20,000 barrels a day above guidance, so we had a really good performance across the portfolio from a production standpoint. And our cost on an absolute basis came in 10% lower than guidance and that was across the portfolio. So nothing in particular, but look in this environment day in and day out, we're looking to take more and more costs out. And like we said earlier, we're continuing to look for further cost reductions and look to add to that $265 million that I mentioned earlier.
