John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy to become a pure play E&P company. Greg Hill will then discuss our E&P operations, and John Rielly will then go over our financial results. Net income for the second quarter of 2013 was $1.4 billion, or $520 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.51 compared to $1.72 in the year-ago quarter. Net production in the second quarter averaged 341,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 429,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's second quarter. Asset sales associated with our strategic portfolio reshaping accounted for approximately 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or 80% of the decline versus last year's second quarter. Planned downtime at the Valhall Field in June and lower entitlement under the production sharing contract at the Malaysia/Thailand JDA accounted for the balance of the decline, which is partially offset by higher production from the Bakken. In the second quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 16% from a year ago. As a result of our transition to pad drilling, we expect to see an increase in production in the second half of the year. Our full year 2013 production forecast for the Bakken remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Bakken well costs declined to $8.4 million in the second quarter, down 28% from the year-ago quarter. For the corporation, our full year 2013 production forecast remains 340,000 to 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Taking into account the impact of asset sales, our pro forma 2013 production is expected to average 290,000 to 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from pro forma production of 289,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2012. From our pro forma 2012 base, we expect to achieve a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 5% to 8% through 2017 and growth in the mid-teens in aggregate from 2012 to 2014. This production growth will come from captured lower-risk assets, including the Bakken, Valhall, Tubular Bells, North Malay Basin and the Utica. Our portfolio reshaping moves have improved our cash margin. Second quarter 2013 pro forma upstream cash margin was $54 per barrel of oil equivalent, up $6 per barrel of oil equivalent from last year's actual second quarter results despite Brent oil prices declining more than $5 per barrel. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2013 were $3.2 billion, which was down 20% from the first half of 2012. This decline reflects improved capital efficiency in the Bakken, the impact of asset sales, as well as the declining capital intensity of our portfolio. Our full year 2013 capital and exploratory expenditures forecast remains $6.8 billion. We continue to project that 2014 capital and exploratory expenditures will be significantly lower than 2013 and more aligned with our cash flow. We continue to make steady progress in executing our divestiture program. During the second quarter, we completed approximately $2.2 billion in asset sales, including the sale of our interest in Samara-Nafta for $1.9 billion. This brought completed asset sales as of June 30 to $3.5 billion. Proceeds were used to repay $2.4 billion of debt and to strengthen our balance sheet so that the company will have the financial flexibility to fund our future growth. Yesterday, we announced the sale of our Energy Marketing business to Direct Energy for $1.025 billion. This business markets natural gas, electricity and fuel oil to 23,000 commercial, industrial and small business customers in the eastern half of the United States. The sale of our Energy Marketing business brings year-to-date asset sales to $4.5 billion and puts the company in a position to commence our previously announced share repurchase program. The remaining divestment processes for our upstream assets in Indonesia and Thailand, as well as our downstream terminals, retail and trading businesses are well underway. We believe that our strategy to become a pure play E&P company will create significant long-term value. Our focus is on execution, growing production, driving further reductions in capital expenditures and operating costs, completing our remaining asset sales and increasing cash returns to shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg, who will provide an operational update.
John B. Hess: Yes. The board transition has gone very well. I would characterize the first board meeting that we had in June as very constructive, and we're totally focused on executing the strategy we've outlined.
John B. Hess: I think, Doug, how we think about it conceptually, and Greg and I were up in North Dakota a couple of weeks ago, our team is doing an outstanding job and our hat's off to them really working on capital efficiency, is Greg in his remarks talked about down spacing. And also, less of our money going forward is going to be for infrastructure. So there'll be more money for drilling. So we're really coming forward now with optimizing our investment program for next year and the year after. And as we get that defined, obviously, we'll be able to share it with you.
John B. Hess: Obviously, the board will consider all moves to maximize shareholder value. But the plan we've outlined as a pure play E&P, having both the onshore and offshore business, we think, is the best way to maximize value. And the best way we're going to do that is to focus on the execution of the plan that we've outlined already.
John B. Hess: Not at all. And to reemphasize John Rielly's point, it's very important that, regardless of the financial structure that we move forward with our infrastructure in the Bakken, it could be an MLP, it could be a joint venture. Hess will continue to control and operate that infrastructure. That's essential for our future production and controlling that and accessing the markets as we move forward.
John B. Hess: Yes. Each one of our businesses, the terminal business and the retail business, will be divested separately to maximize value. Processes for those, as well as Indonesia, Thailand and our trading business are underway. Obviously, it's premature to share any details, but we're going to obviously pursue all alternatives to maximize value.
John B. Hess: Right. Through the second quarter, we have been maximizing our rail shipments between 53,000 and 55,000 barrels a day out of Tioga. In July, as you rightfully point out, the market dynamics shifted where the WTI/Brent spread started to narrow, and it even narrowed more in August. As a consequence, because we have 3 alternatives to maximize our net backs of our crude in North Dakota, one is supplying local refinery, another is accessing pipeline Enbridge for the mid-continent, and the third is our rail. We were in a position to maximize value by moving approximately 4,500 barrels a day in July to pipeline markets and up that number to 12,000 barrels a day to pipeline markets in August. Right now, where the differentials are looking forward, the rail is actually more attractive again. And remember, the rail doesn't just go to St. James. It also goes to the East Coast and West Coast. So we're in a unique position to capture the highest value wherever the market offers it, and we continue to do so.
John B. Hess: It's getting someone with a financial capability to help us reduce risk and maximize value for the risk we will be taking. So I would say the economic concerns would be the primary one.
John B. Hess: I think the key point there, Paul, is we are going to pursue all alternatives to maximize value for retail, and it's just premature to share any details further than that.
John B. Hess: Greg and I were in Ghana. I met with the top government officials in June, got a very warm reception and encouragement, and the ball is in their court to tell us when they will approve the appraisal program. But I would say the signs are encouraging, as well as the signs for us bringing in a partner or partners. So we have a very good relationship there, and the ball is in their court. And when we have something to report, we will tell you.
John B. Hess: As we pointed out before, it doesn't factor in -- assuming the investment would be attractive returns versus other opportunities we have, it doesn't factor in our 5-year production forecast. It's beyond that. So it's beyond 2017.
John B. Hess: Well, obviously, the retail would be out of the headcount. The exact type of numbers, we're working on and finalizing and not in a position to give you the final details on it yet, but it will be a significantly slimmer headcount because we're just going to be a pure play E&P, and we'll be right-sized to support that.
John P. Rielly: All right, Evan. So obviously, we're in the middle of these processes. Right? So the sale process, and we don't want to front run the process. You saw, I think, in Centrica's release that they had $200 million of estimated EBITDA for 2013. That's a reasonable estimate for the business. Last year, obviously, it was a warmer winter. Right? So it was at least 20% less heating degree days last year. So that obviously would have impacted the EBITDA in 2012 as it related to Energy Marketing, but that's really as far as we're going to go. We're not going to front run the sale process.
John P. Rielly: So, Evan, I mean, every buyer is going to look at the business potentially differently from how they want to manage it. So we're not providing that data right now. We are well into the process. Obviously, selling the terminal business in this current environment is a positive thing. It's a very good environment. The assets are strong. We've got a nice set of assets here on the East Coast, and the interest has been keen in these assets. So that's as far as I think we want to go. And just as John said, earlier, the sales progress is well underway and is going according to plan.
John P. Rielly: There will be significant gains on the assets on an overall basis to be sold. From a tax leakage guidance standpoint from the overall sale proceeds that we are getting as part of this program, we've talked about that our tax leakage will be less than 5%. That's overall. That's with the E&P businesses and the downstream businesses.
John P. Rielly: There are allocated costs. And for the most part, the Corporate cost, if you want to call it that, are -- assigned to the business units are allocated and are within the segment. Now there's no question, as I said as part of our cost-saving initiative, that we are looking at over all our functions and are going to right size and reorganize the functions for the smaller portfolio that we have. But I would tell you, in general, most of the costs are allocated into the segment.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So as I mentioned, Doug, we are on track. By 2015, we'll be -- we are going to be looking at monetizing that Bakken infrastructure. And obviously, an MLP is a potential key strategy for doing that. We are -- the big key to this, as Greg had mentioned, is to complete the Tioga Gas Plant. So we have all hands on deck to complete that expansion at the end of this year. What we're looking to do is then, as we start 2014, to begin to break out the midstream segment. So to be able to start reporting kind of EBITDA as we see going forward and how the midstream segment would operate, with the goal again of being ready in 2015 to be able to monetize or have an MLP in place for the Bakken assets.
John P. Rielly: Well, first of all, we'll look at all options, but it doesn't appear that, that would be the case, Doug and why we see good growth in that midstream asset. So one, we've got several types of assets that can be put into it, in the Bakken. One is the rail terminal aspect. So you can always start with a drop down of pieces of it. So you have the rail terminal, you have all the gathering facilities that are in place and then you have the gas plant. And so we view, one, that there's great growth in this business; and two, we want to maintain control because control is critical for us, as you would ask before, about us ramping up our production in the Bakken. And with the production growth coming through that, obviously, drive some growth. And as we move forward, we have other potential assets in our portfolio that can be included in the midstream and also will drive growth. So we see some good growth there, and it looks like it can provide very good value for our shareholders.
John P. Rielly: So where we are right now, Doug, from a planning standpoint, I could talk at a high level, as John mentioned earlier, we're in a position to begin repurchasing the shares under our $4 billion authorization. So we have an authorization up to $4 billion. We expect the repurchases to be spread fairly consistently over time. And as a result, we will incur short-term debt periodically as we purchase shares in advance of receiving divestiture proceeds. So just to -- as part of that, any such debt we incur will be paid off with subsequent sale proceeds like the Energy Marketing transaction that we have. And then we'll keep you informed of our progress with the plan on future quarterly conference calls. It's just early to say anything more with that as far as our share repurchase plan.
John P. Rielly: The way we're looking right now. As you saw, we're under 20% of our debt cap. And our portfolio as we see going forward, as John had mentioned, in 2014, we've always referred to that as type of -- the tipping point with our portfolio, where free cash flow will approach our capital spend. And post 2014, our portfolio can deliver this 5% to 8% growth that we have targeted with our cash flow from operations. So from that standpoint, we don't have to increase debt. So there's no increase in leverage planned from that standpoint. And again, with the share repurchases, again, we are funding that with our proceeds from asset sales. So we're very comfortable that we will have a very strong balance sheet. And obviously, from that standpoint, we're not looking to lever up going forward but we'd be in a position if their commodity prices decrease, that our balance sheet would be able to handle any cash flow deficits that could occur from that standpoint. So we like our leverage where it is.
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean, we are in a position that we are benefiting from the current RIN environment. Now just to point out, Hess does remain an obligated party for RINs because we do import transportation fuel to meet marketing's gasoline demand. But our retail and terminal networks do generate more renewable credits than required to meet our supply needs. In the second quarter, our excess RINs generated a $17-million after-tax benefit. So that's what it was in the second quarter. If you're looking at the third quarter, I would tell you, we're generating RINs around $20 million a month of excess RINs. So if you were to take the current pricing that's in place right now and just say you sold all the RINs at that price for the third quarter, you could expect us to record an after-tax benefit in the $35 million to $40 million. Now, again, that's additional, so that would be in the second quarter with the $17 million already been recorded in the first quarter. Now, however, I have to add this -- and it's not quantifiable. But the cost of RINs rising in recent months has led to some RIN sharing, I'll call it, at the wholesale level, which is reducing our retail fuel margins and offsetting some of the direct benefit from selling the excess RINs.
John P. Rielly: If you don't mind, I just want to make sure I clarify this point out. When I said the $35 million to $40 million, that would be a third quarter benefit. I guess I had said second quarter. So that's a third quarter, and the RINs generate a $17 million after-tax benefit in the second quarter. So just to make sure I got that right.
John P. Rielly: Yes. There's no change in our guidance. Our guidance was that our pro forma production in 2012 was 289,000 barrels a day. And then by 2014, we would have aggregate mid-teens growth there, and there's no change in that. And again, the growth driven by Bakken, Valhall and Tubular Bells coming online.
John P. Rielly: We have not started the buyback, so just to be clear on that. And then to your question, no, we're in a position now that we expect our repurchases to be spread over time. And as I said, we can incur debt here periodically because we will be buying shares back prior to receiving divestiture proceeds. So we won't be waiting for the Energy Marketing proceeds.
John P. Rielly: So I mean -- we want to keep this at a high level from a planning standpoint. So we clearly -- as with the Energy Marketing sale, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter, we will be buying ahead of that. So yes, we do expect to start in the third quarter, but I don't want to say anything more than that.
John P. Rielly: So from an overall standpoint, right, we're on dual track on the retail. But from -- either way, if we're looking at that from a overall asset sale proceeds, including E&P, yes, we still say it will be less than 5% of the overall proceeds.
John P. Rielly: So, yes, Paul. It's 20 million a month of excess RINs that we generate per month. And then as far as the Bakken unit costs, in general, our guidance has been -- is that our operating cash costs, including production taxes, are a bit below our portfolio average that we have for the overall portfolio. And our unit DD&A costs, including all the infrastructure-related costs associated with it, are higher than our portfolio average. And we do anticipate, and it has been happening, that our unit cash costs will decline as volumes increase and that the unit DD&A will also decrease going forward as a result of increasing the reserve bookings relative to investment. And also, as John mentioned earlier, decreasing infrastructure spend.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, Ed. So I think that's going to be function of obviously how much capital we put in it. But I think once we get through the gas plant commissioning at the end of this year, I think, for all practical purposes, you assume a relatively steady ramp from there to 120,000 barrels a day over a couple of years.
Gregory P. Hill: We haven't finished our plan yet, and we're still in the appraisal phase. So next year will be another appraisal year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. I think, again, we haven't finalized our business plan for next year. I think as we've done in the past, we will put that capital to wherever the best return is. And so obviously, as we appraise and understand the Three Forks, and that's going very well by the way, the Three Forks are actually some of our best wells in the play, we'll allocate capital between the Middle Bakken and Three Forks to drive whatever the highest return is.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, again, Doug, we're still finalizing our plans for next year and the following year. So too early to kind of be specific on that. But suffice it to say, it'll be an aggressive program for the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I didn't have my mic on. Yes, I think the EURs are within the range that we've discussed previously. We're a little bit at the higher end of the range in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Completion costs continued to come down this quarter. That was due to efficiency as a result of pad drilling, as well as some pricing concessions that we got some frac contracts.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So on the first thing, no. This was all just planned maintenance at Ekofisk. So Valhall was taken down for a month, and I do believe that we telegraphed that earlier, that, that was an upcoming maintenance event in the second quarter. I think over the long haul, our strategy is the same. Just work with the operator, BP, to get that facility as maximum capacity as possible. And we are at -- in July, we're back up around 26,000 barrels a day on Valhall.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as we've said before, part of our exploration strategy is to reduce our higher working interest opportunity set. So -- and as we said before, it's going to be case-by-case. But this kind of 40% kind of a working interest would be our ideal sweet spot. Regarding timing, again, the data rooms have -- in Kurdistan have just opened. Obviously, we would like to get a partner as soon as possible in Kurdistan because we'll start drilling in August. And then on Ghana, the data room hasn't opened yet but will open imminently. And clearly, we'd like to get a partner in there as soon as possible as well. So...
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think with time, as the Tioga Gas Plant comes on, you will end up with a little bit higher proportion of gas in your stream. But it won't be a significant major shift.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think there's 2 -- there's 2 drivers. I think on Ghana, obviously, the main driver there is reduce some financial exposure, right, for Ghana. And then for Kurdistan, it's the same, reduce some financial exposure, but also reduce risk. This -- Paul, if you recall, this is part of our overall exploration strategy to reduce working interest in order to allow us to get more drill bit exposure for the same investment. So obviously, if I'm 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, I can drill 3x as many wells as if I'm 100%.
Gregory P. Hill: I think there's other -- yes, I think there's other factors. I mean, obviously, price will be a key consideration. But if you think about Ghana, we would obviously look at the technical capability of the partner as well as being an important consideration in that.
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I had to -- sorry, I had to turn my mic on and I apologize for that. It's -- for the majority of the wells that we've tested so far, so the ones in second quarter, the one that I quoted of 2,250 barrel equivalents per day, that's got about 360 barrels of condensate in it. So -- and some NGLs. So of that 2,250, 57% is liquids on an all-in basis. So really, Paul, it really just depends on where you are in this play. We're still delineating all of those lines. Where is the condensate? Where is NGLs? Where is dry gas? And so it's a mixed bag right now.
Gregory P. Hill: We just don't have enough well data yet. Just keep in mind, as far as tests, since 2012, we only have 12 or 13 wells that we've tested. So it's still very early, and we're trying to appraise all those various windows as industry is doing as well.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think we -- either/or, I guess, is how I would answer that. It's mainly going to be a function of how much capital you put in and how fast you ramp it up. Because we will interchange Three Forks and Middle Bakken wells as necessary, again, trying to go where the highest return is. So [indiscernible].
Gregory P. Hill: No, no, no. They could definitely support a higher peak rate. And again, it's just going to be a function of how much capital you put into the Bakken on an annual basis. Right? [indiscernible] the resource is there.
Gregory P. Hill: So I think -- so just the timetable, would be -- once we get approval of the appraisal plan, then the clock runs for 2 years for that appraisal period. Obviously, in parallel, we're doing pre-FEED studies. So the soonest that you would be able to sanction the project would be at the end of that 2-year appraisal program. Then you have to submit a development plan to the government and go through the approval process there. So the soonest you would be able to submit that plan would be at the end of the appraisal program.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. We signed -- I was in China last week and signed a PSC for -- which covers about 200,000 gross acres in the Santanghu Basin in the northwest part of China. It's a phased program. And under this contract, we're going to invest about $25 million over 2 years to drill 2 vertical wells and one horizontal sidetrack. So a very small amount of money to kind of do a proof-of-concept.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. No, I think the partners are working towards a sanction pack. Early 2014 would be when we would anticipate a sanction decision.
Paul Y. Cheng: Sure. Totally agree. I just want to see that -- I mean, is the most important -- in terms of who going to win the bid, is it based on how much they pay you? Or there is other factor is more important? I guess that's my question.
Paul Y. Cheng: Two final questions. One, John, do you have a number that, in terms of what is the unit operating costs at Bakken in the second quarter and in terms of the cash operating cost and including the transportation cost? And second one, just want to confirm, you said that you generate about 20 million gallons a month in the excess RIN. I just want to confirm that number.
Paul Y. Cheng: Sure. Just a request, if possible, that in your supplemental data, that it's great that you put all those information on Bakken, if you can also add on the operating cost and the DD&A, that would be really helpful.
