Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Thanks, Doug. Yeah. As we kind of said in our opening remarks now, we've had three subsurface safety valve failures in Tubular Bells. The second valve affected us in the second quarter and the third valve is going to affect us in the third quarter. And in addition to that, we had a mechanical failure at Conger that was unanticipated as well. So the net effect of that, if we look at kind of guidance for those assets, is about 15,000 barrels a day difference lowering of our guidance, and about 10,000 of that is at Tubular Bells and about 5,000 of that is at Conger. So, if we look at capacity going into the end of the year, we should be back up to that 70,000 to 75,000 barrels a day range in the Gulf of Mexico. So if you look – so again, going back to the guidance, it was actually about 15,000 on T-Bells and 5,000 on Conger. I said 10 and 5. It's actually 15,000 and 5,000. So that gives you a sense for how big the magnitude was of those two issues in the Gulf.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Well, we're going – we've got our legal claims as we speak, and we're going to be going for the cost of the replacement valve. We're going to go for the cost of the remediation work and also lost profits due to downtime and finally attorney's fees. So we are going after it all.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, thanks, Doug. I mean clearly, we are extremely excited about the results at Liza again confirming a recoverable resource of between 800 million and 1.4 billion barrels. The well test at Liza was high quality, very good, confirmed the presence of high quality oil that we saw in Liza-1. We saw about 190 feet of oil-bearing sandstone in the Upper Cretaceous. And remember that the Liza-2 well was only 2 miles from the Liza-1 well. So all that taken in context means that the POSG of Skipjack has gone up substantially. So we're excited about it, and certainly the seismic signature looks very similar to the one on Liza, so but until we get a well in the ground we can't be 100% positive as to the outcome, but very encouraging, very excited.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, we should have the result. I think we said in our remarks we should have the results of the well by our next quarterly conference call.
Gregory P. Hill: I think those 50 stages really bode well though for the resumption of activity because, again, IP rates have gone up 15% to 20% and EURs are up 7%. So that will bode extremely well for ramp-up in activity.
Gregory P. Hill: Ed, you'll have to talk to the operator about that. I will tell you that, on seismic, it looks very similar.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think Ed – I think, as we've said before, obviously there could be some minor friction costs associated with a startup, but we've done a lot to try and preserve our lean manufacturing capability, particularly on the rig crews, by doubling up and tripling up so that we can really manage a smooth transition in a ramp-up. And then our belief is that, with our lean manufacturing gains continuing, that any friction costs we'll be able to cover just as we have in the past with using our lean manufacturing techniques.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think it's just too early to tell. I think there's going to be a lot of factors that drive those numbers, how much equipment is no longer available for service, how rapid is the ramp-up in the industry? There's a lot of moving pieces there that will determine how much that will ultimately be. But again, I think with lean manufacturing our aim and our goal is to cover as much of that as possible by using those techniques.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think we're in active conversations with the operator on the rig levels, both for next year for appraisal and development and all those things that we want to do and additional exploration. We're actively in conversations with the operator about that as we speak. And while next year's program still needs to be finalized, the focus definitely will be on exploration activities on the block as well as the predevelopment work, working with the partners and the government to move forward expeditiously on a commercialization decision on Liza.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So to hold production flat at broadly 100,000 barrels a day, we've said that we need four rigs to do that. Now, with the 15% to 20% uplift, the 50-stage fracks, it's probably somewhere between 300,000 and 400,000, as a result of that uplift. Regarding the cost reductions, I think obviously in the onshore, I think that's largely flattened out, so I think further cost reductions there will be minimal. The ones that we are accomplishing are due to lean manufacturing, which is continuing to chop out waste and inefficiency and all those things. And I want to really comment on that because if you think about our performance of delivering a $4.8 million well, a substantial reduction from the prior year and the prior quarter, that was while also increasing the stage count from 35 to 50. So that's a major performance improvement, and all of that was lean manufacturing. So I think that we'll continue in our operation to drive those costs down, because we know that there's even more efficiencies in spud-to-spud. And so we're going after those in earnest. In the offshore, I think there have definitely been some major price reductions, so rigs, boats, and all the associated equipment is down substantially. We're already seeing some of those benefits in Guyana, for example, on the rig rates and seismic boat rates and all that. And then the last kind of penny to drop I think is really the yards in Southeast Asia. So if you look at their capacity loading, it's going to drop substantially over the next 12 months. And I think that will open up another cost reduction opportunity. So for us, Guyana is coming almost at just the right time because you'll have low costs not only in drilling, but also in development if we sanction a project there for the development project as well.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think, Paul, we're beginning those conversations. As John mentioned, as prices approach $60, we all wonder when that will be, but as prices approach $60, we want to be ready for that ramp-up. So we're starting the conversations now with certainly our vendors in the onshore.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have, and the vendor is Schlumberger. Obviously it's extremely disappointing. It relates to some quality control and some of the components in the valves. And as I mentioned from the previous question, we are going to go after the cost of the replacement belts, the cost of the remediation work, lost profits due to downtime and all the attorney's fees. It's very disappointing.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, but they've been upgraded. We've gone through those valves and they've been upgraded and the quality control problems have been fixed as far as we can tell.
Gregory P. Hill: So it's early and I think this is the type of information that the operator will be giving out. So what are the benefits of Liza, let's just say, because we always want to make sure we talk about the difference of Guyana, and Liza in general, versus let's say offshore Gulf of Mexico Paleogene. So in offshore Guyana these wells are only 13,000 feet below the mud line, so 18,000 total depth. So the depth is much – is shorter than obviously the Gulf of Mexico so drilling wells will be cheaper. The reservoir is quite good, so we should get good flow rates out of Guyana for that. There is no salt cover, which one helps with imaging, as we were talking about the Skipjack prospect, but again takes casing strings out while we're drilling wells. So, again, that makes it better. And then the other thing from a – I can't talk about the particulars, but it is a PSC. So you get benefit obviously at lower prices with higher cost recovery. So putting all those together makes Guyana – I'm going to say completely different than the Gulf of Mexico and therefore in lower price environments Guyana competes. So I think beyond that you'll have to talk to the operator, and as we get to FID and Exxon puts out that costs and numbers like that, as when FID happens, you can get a better feel for those economics.
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, my mic was off. As we've said before, we're really unable to proceed with the development of this license until there's a resolution of the border dispute. So we're continuing feed. We're continuing all the project work, and we're also in discussions with the government to modify the license deadlines with respect to the border dispute. And then once that situation is resolved, we'll be in the position to make an informed decision on where we go next.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Our first priority is to preserve the strength of our balance sheet and to fund the growth opportunities that we talked about. In that respect, we are really well-positioned with $3.1 billion of cash at the end of the second quarter. In the normal course of business, we're always looking to optimize our portfolio, be it selling assets, buying assets, but any of those opportunities would need to compete for capital against our existing attractive growth options, including the Bakken, Utica, North Malay Basin, Stampede, and obviously Guyana. So from an M&A perspective, buying or selling, it's lower on the priority list because of the cash position we have and the growth we've already captured.
Gregory P. Hill: So first of all, I think it was – it's a combination of factors, so it's the current price environment, the limited time remaining on the leases, and as you have intimated, we've got some great growth prospects in our portfolio. So as we kind of looked at Sicily in the context of our existing portfolio, we said, you know, it's going to struggle to compete for capital against all the great opportunities we have. So that's when we made the decision, even though we found hydrocarbons there and there's a lot of oil in place there, we made the decision to say, no, it's not going to compete in our portfolio, so we are not going to elect to do any more work on the block.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, I think it's – I think it's early to say actually. John and I met with the senior leadership of Aker BP and I will say that we left very encouraged. They have a culture similar to ours, meaning an independent, and they like to get after stuff and they're innovative. And in particular, they're practitioners of lean. And as you know, supplying lean on Valhall through BP has led to a substantial reduction in abandonment costs, well abandonment costs, by up to 50% as a result of applying lean, and then drilling costs for new wells on the order of 30% with much more to come. So we're excited about having another partner in this venture that also is a lean practitioner. We think there will be a lot of power in that in really driving down the cost and delivering value from Valhall.
Gregory P. Hill: No. None that you wouldn't have anywhere else. I mean, the oil will most likely be tankered so I don't foresee any issues there. And certainly things will be built probably in other parts of the world to get started. And so I don't think there's any particular concerns about Guyana.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think we had some wells that we completed in the quarter, so we brought – we completed two, and we bought five wells online in the second quarter. And that essentially completes the activity that we plan to do in the Utica this year. I always like to remind people, our Utica position is unique because it is in the core of the core, it is held by production, and it only has 5% royalty. So because of that, that really delivers superior economics even at low prices relative to the people around us. So just like the Bakken, as prices approach $60 and we see some margin improvement unique to the liquids in kind of the environment in the Utica, we would expect to get back to work in the Utica as well as the Bakken as we approach those numbers.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think it – we'll evaluate it as the situation unfolds. I think the point is we've got an awful lot of profitable development opportunities in our portfolio, and how those shake out as prices improve, we'll answer that at that moment in time. It's going to be a function of rig rates and supply costs and all those things that go into economic decisions. But I think the point is that outside of the Bakken, we have exceptional opportunities to grow this business, not only in the Utica but also in our offshore assets, be it the Gulf of Mexico or the chalk assets in the North Sea. So as John said in his opening remarks, I do think we have an exceptional growth portfolio that can deliver outstanding growth as a function of price.
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, my mic was off again. Per-stage proppant loadings, it ranges to where you are in the field. We really do it DSU by DSU, but on the order of 80,000 to 100,000 depending on where you are in the field. So that's kind of the proppant loading per stage.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think it's the usual pre-project, concept select, trying to figure out which concept you're going to have, potentially how many wells you're going to drill, how many producers, how many injectors, et cetera, et cetera. So that's all the predevelopment work that's going on.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Brian. And I mean, as John mentioned, we do see this as being manageable at this point. Our current judgment is that the future spend will fit nicely in our portfolio as our major project spending and obligations on North Malay Basin and Stampede will be falling off over the next couple of years. And so by 2018 North Malay Basin and Stampede will have flipped from material cash users, as John said earlier, approximately $700 million this year, to cash generators. So just with the normal phasing with any development we see, this fits nicely in 2017 and then with more of the spending happening 2018 and beyond. And as we look at our portfolio at the capital for Guyana, and like you said, there are other capital that will be falling off in 2017, such as like in the Gulf of Mexico and some of the capital we had spent in Denmark this year. So it does fit nicely into 2017 and we project from our strong cash position that we can fund our capital, including our growth projects, through 2017, even in this low price environment with the current cash on hand.
John P. Rielly: So from just the $300 million that we've reduced our 2016 capital program, the majority of that reduction is due to cost reductions. Obviously, in this low price environment, we're day-in and day-out looking at cost reductions on the capital side and the operating side as well. So it really is across the whole portfolio. It's not like there's a big chunk in any individual area, so it's in exploration, it's in production, and it's in development. We have some deferred activity that we're just looking at from the price environment slipping out to 2017 as prices improve, but the majority is cost reductions.
John P. Rielly: It's minor on the production from the capital reductions. Obviously, we could put capital to work because we have great locations here in the Bakken to put capital to work at these prices, but it's not what we're going to do. We're emphasizing value over volumes, and we won't ramp up until prices really get close to $60, because we think that's a better economic decision.
John P. Rielly: Correct. We just don't think it makes sense to accelerate that production right now, because you know, in the wells, in the first year of the well, it declines 70% in these unconventional reservoirs. So, again, we'd like to see higher prices before we bring on this good core of the core Bakken acreage.
John P. Rielly: So for the run rate at that price from cash flow from operations only, the only adjustments that you would make, and that is we've had the additional remediation costs at Tubular Bells, so for that production, obviously affected by the shutdowns in the quarter, and then the additional cost for Tubular Bells remediation in the quarter, so you're in that $30 million to $40 million type range on that adjustment.
John P. Rielly: You are absolutely right, Paul. So in the U.S. and in Norway, we've said we will not be paying cash taxes for the next five years because of the investments we've made in both of those countries. And quite frankly, with the way prices have been here recently, it's going to extend beyond five years. So we will benefit from that from a cash flow standpoint ,and we'll get that uplift. And it's part of the thing that we talk about, that like $1 right now is approximately $70 million of cash flow for us, or $10 obviously being $700 million. If you were looking at that from a results standpoint that would only be in the $45, $50 type range, the difference being the tax benefit and essentially that cash benefit that we have. So we will get that uplift when prices improve and we go back to drilling. And so from additional volumes and the cash flow that comes in, we'll get, if you want to say, increase because of the cash tax position that we're in.
John P. Rielly: So from the further capital reductions it is just continuing lean across our whole portfolio and organization just to drive out costs. So it's an ongoing kind of culture that we have to continue to drive down the cost. So that's really what that would be from a cost standpoint. As far as capital goes, it's early right now, so what we are talking about here is what we've been doing in 2016. And it's still early for us. And we'll give further updates here as we get into early 2017, especially on Guyana, because that will be a part of the growth capital that now gets added in. So what we'll be doing, we will be spending in Guyana, for all those reasons that we've talked about today on the returns that we believe we see in Guyana, so we'll be spending there. We'll be finishing North Malay Basin, and we'll be finishing Stampede to bring on that 35,000 barrels a day in 2018. So along with that, depending on where we see price moving to, if we don't see it moving more to $55, $60, you'll see more of the same of what we're doing in our portfolio right now. As prices move up, then we're going to start going back to those opportunities that Greg just talked about that we see across the portfolio.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. So the way that we are looking at it right now, we are committed to doing the IPO. And so it is part of our plans to do that, us and our partner GIP, but it is when market conditions warrant. And so one is the MLP market itself, which has improved, but we will continue to watch that. And then it's exactly as you just said, Pavel. As from the oil price standpoint, to get the prices up, for us to put more rigs back to work and in this great position that we have in the Bakken, that's when we start to see that. And that growth combined with any improvements in the MLP market is when we would be looking at timing of that.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So we'll give guidance here as we get into early 2017 on Tubular Bells and say where this next well is. But let me just give you general of where we are right now. So with the current wells and wells fee off, we're approximately around 15,000 barrels a day here producing at Tubular Bells. There will be a shutdown in the third quarter at T-Bells, and then we are not going to remediate this well C, which is approximately 5,000 barrels a day net to us in the fourth quarter. So just with that well you're getting to the 20,000 or a little above when we have the wells together. Then with this next producer we'll come on and we'll give you information, because we're not – I'm not sure exactly when that's going to come on at this point right now.
John P. Rielly: I was saying this earlier. So we did – it's basically the majority is cost reductions and it is literally across our portfolio. So there's not one significant item. It's in exploration, it's in production, and it's in development. So, again, the majority from that with some deferral of activity as well, so there's really no big names or big assets that I could point you to from that. It's just continuing to drive down costs across the portfolio.
John B. Hess: Obviously, Paul, as we mentioned before, predevelopment work is under way, so obviously it's underway because we and our partners and the government are encouraged that we have the type of information that we could move forward on a commercialization decision on Liza. And when we do, we will keep you informed.
John B. Hess: Yeah. We're very comfortable staying at the current level, Paul. Obviously, this will take time to unfold as evaluation work and predevelopment work is done. We think the block has extraordinary potential, and that will be very good for our shareholders. And the work that we're doing we see it phased over time, so we see our ability to fund it to be manageable. We talked about next year and then John talked about the years after that. So with the visibility that we see so far, we should be fine from a funding perspective, as well as the fact that this is probably one of the best uses of our capital, so we will want to stay in.
John B. Hess: Look, we always look at different options to maximize value for our shareholders. But having said that, no, our commitment was to go down to two rigs to preserve cash, but also we think it's about value not volumes. And we really, at the end of the day, while you always think about making midcourse adjustments to maximize value, the decision was and it still is to go to two rigs. And then as prices start to improve, as the market rebalances, and I think the market is in the process of rebalancing because non-OPEC production is down, offset by OPEC production, but you're still growing demand in the world over 1 million to 1.5 million barrels a day, somewhere in that range, inventory draws are going to happen, probably accelerate in the fourth quarter. And with that we see that positive to prices starting to recover and going up. So as we get closer to $60, that's when we'll start putting plans in place to start to go up in our rig count in the Bakken. And we're sticking to that.
