John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to review key achievements for 2010 and provide some guidance for 2011. Greg Hill will then discuss our exploration production business, and John Rielly will go through our financial results.  Corporate net income for the full year 2010 was $2.1 billion. Exploration and Production earned $2.7 billion, and Marketing and Refining loss, $231 million. Our improved results reflect higher crude oil production and selling prices and increased retail and energy marketing earnings, which more than offset the impact of weaker refining results. Included in our financial results is a provision of $289 million to reduce the carrying value of our interest in the HOVENSA joint venture refinery to $158 million. This write-down, which reflects our outlook for continued weakness in refining margins, reduces our share of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery to less than 1% of Hess' capital employed. In 2011, our company's capital and exploratory expenditures are budgeted to be $5.6 billion. Substantially, all of our spending will be targeted to exploration production, with $3.1 billion for production, $1.6 billion for developments and $900 million for exploration. We expect to fund our capital program from internally generated cash flow. With regards to Exploration and Production, in 2010, we replaced 176% of production at an FD&A cost of about $23 per barrel. At year-end, our proved reserves stood at 1.54 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and our reserve life was 9.9 years. In 2010, we increased our crude oil and natural gas production to 418,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 408,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2009. In 2011, we forecast crude oil and natural gas production will average between 415,000 and 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast includes a net reduction of about 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, resulting from the previously announced sale of non-core natural gas assets in the U.K. North Sea, which is expected now to close in the first quarter. Last year, we expanded our portfolio of unconventional resources. In the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota, we completed the acquisitions of America Oil & Gas and TRZ Energy and commenced the expansion of key infrastructure. In addition, we acquired acreage in the Eagle Ford in South Texas and formed a partnership with Toreador Resources to explore the unconventional oil potential of the Paris Basin in France. In Norway, we increased our interest in the Valhall field to 64% from 28% via strategic asset trade with Shell and an acquisition from Total. In the Gulf of Mexico, we doubled our working interest in the Tubular Bells field to 40% and took over as operator. In 2011, we will be working with our partners to move this project towards sanction.  With regard to Marketing and Refining, our full year 2010 financial results were lower than 2009. Our HOVENSA joint venture refinery was negatively impacted by the continued weak margin environment, higher year-over-year fuel costs and unplanned downtime. In addition, both HOVENSA and our Port Redding New Jersey facility completed FCC turnarounds in 2010. This morning, HOVENSA announced that it would reduce crude oil distillation capacity to 350,000 barrels per day from 500,000 barrels per day by shutting down older, less efficient units. We expect this action will reduce HOVENSA's operating costs and capital expenditures and make it a more competitive and efficient refinery, producing a greater percentage of high-margin products.  In Retail Marketing, 2010 convenience store sales were up by more than 4%, while average fuel volumes per station were down by 1%. In Energy Marketing, we generated stronger earnings primarily as a result of improved margins in our natural gas and electricity businesses. Our financial position remains strong. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio at year-end was 24.9%, essentially unchanged from 2009. In 2010 August, we issued $1.25 billion of 30-year notes. Proceeds were used for the acquisitions of an additional 8% stake in the Valhall field from Total and TRZ Energy. In December, we issued 8.6 million shares of stock to complete the acquisition of American Oil & Gas. Our company made significant progress in 2010 in increasing our reserves and production and building our position in unconventional resources. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet so that we will be able to fund our portfolio of attractive investment opportunities to generate long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
John Hess: Well, I think we have everything secured that we need. We've got 18 drilling rigs underway currently. We have frac crews, pretty much here for the first half of the year. We'll add another frac crew in the last half of the year, but so far, there is no constraints or bottlenecks, good progress on the infrastructure as well. So good shape. So far, so good.
John Hess: Just some of the big highlights. Of course, on the reserve adds, the 274 million, about 160 million or so were in Norway, about 70 million or so were in North Dakota in the Bakken. So those were the two big hitters. Another 30 million in Russia, and then the rest, really, is just across the board.
John Hess: From the PSCs, Mark, with the increase in price, we took off 21 million barrels related to the PSC effect.
John Hess: Mark, your memory is very good. There is an east side of the refinery that is much more modern -- better heat conversion, better recovery, better upgrading. And then the west side, which is the original part of the refinery, which is the older part and the older units. It is that the west side that will be shut down and mothballed. And the 350 really reflects the east side configuration. So it's not something in the middle. The 350 reflects the east side, which is the better-performing, more efficient area. And until we finalize our operating plans, we can't provide more specific guidance in terms of operating expenses going forward, capital going forward, but I can assure you that they will be down. And these moves should improve HOVENSA's financial performance going forward.
John Hess: Paul, I think it just depends on the opportunity mix that we have, the opportunity mix and the profitability of those opportunities. That's how we rank our opportunities internally. So we don't have a specific number that we're trying to shoot for one way or the other.
John Hess: Well, it's going to be a function of the margin environment, obviously, to be able to give an absolute answer to your question. But on a relative basis, these moves should improve HOVENSA's financial performance going forward. So it will make it more competitive than what the external world provides us remains to be seen. But I think we will be able to capture more margin because of it.
John Hess: Sven, as I said, we're still swallowing the acquisitions, so I don't want to give a well number yet. It will be a combination of singles and duals. So I think you'll see us drill anymore singles than in the past because we're trying to get the acreage now by production on the acquisition side.
John Hess: Well, with the December notice of discovery, I believe we're aligned with our partner on path forward on the block. So I don't think there's any discrepancy.
John Hess: Yes, it's too early to say. I think I said in my opening remarks, the co-ventures will now take all the data from the three wells and the cores and the seismic, really step back and figure out what we want to do.
John Hess: Obviously, with current prices, we make the statement that we should be able to fund our capital program from internally generated cash flow. Having said that, in the normal course of our business, we always are upgrading our portfolio. And in addition to the U.K. natural gas North Sea assets that we expect to close as a sale in the first quarter, there are a few other that we're contemplating. That's point number one. So there are maybe a few more asset sales that can get completed in 2011 just to upgrade our portfolio. As you are aware, we currently have about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet before those U.K. asset sales. So that cash is a cushion should commodity prices go down. And we will do what we have to do to deal with lower prices. We have in the past. And if it means making adjustments to the program, we certainly have the financial flexibility to do that. I don't want to get more prescriptive than that because it's a very hypothetical question. And higher prices, that would be a nice problem to have.
John Hess: You never say never. In the past, we've hedged when our balance sheet was much weaker, and it was more at risk with some of the investment program we have, with the stronger balance sheet we have now. We're very comfortable taking the commodity price risk. If there are certain assets where we think the risk merits hedging, it's obviously something we will always consider.
Gregory Hill: First of all, let me say I'm real pleased with the Bakken team. We continue to make significant progress there. As I said, we exited the Bakken at our targeted rate of 20,000 barrels a day at the end of the year. So those wells are going as expected. Update on wells, again, the dual-lateral wells are costing us between $11 million, $11.5 million. Single-laterals between $7 million and $7.5 million. EURs are in the order of about 500,000 barrels per lateral, and our 30-day average IP rate for 18-stage wells are in the 400 to 500 barrels per lateral range. Now we recently revised our base completion design to 22 stages, so those IP rates are going to go up.
Gregory Hill: Sure, Doug. So let me talk about the rigs for a minute. You are correct. On our non-acquired acreage, we had actually 11 rigs operating towards the end of the year. One of those is kind of a FlexRig because it works on refracs and then it does some other work for us. And then we inherited the additional rigs from the acquisitions. So our rig count does stand at 18 rigs currently. Regarding the long-term guidance, Doug, I think we've talked about this before. I'm not prepared to do that yet just because I want to get some -- digest the acquisitions. We want to get some more wells in that acreage under our belt before we adjust our long-term guidance. But we plan to do that later in the year.
Gregory Hill: As we mentioned in our remarks, about 90,000 acres currently in the Eagle Ford. I don't really want to comment exactly where we are because we're competitively trying to acquire acreage still around our positions. Regarding wells, we've drilled three. Those are exploration kind of delineation wells. We'll drill three more exploration delineation wells. And then we're planning about a dozen development wells on top of that next year.
Gregory Hill: Our existing core acreage, of course, that we have before the acquisitions, we're very confident of. We'd like to get a few more wells in the acquired acreage before we lean forward on the prospectivity of that acreage. Obviously, we think the acreage is pretty good. Otherwise, we wouldn't have acquired it. And there are some wells in the acreage drilled by others that look very, very good.
Gregory Hill: No, I think, Arjun, as I said, we have frac rigs or frac pumping services secured, and we're going to add another one frac crew sometime during the year that will bring us completely up to five. But we're essentially contract or have contract in place for four, including what we inherited from the acquisitions.
Gregory Hill: Arjun, I really can't say at this point. Let's get the six wells under our belt, see if we can get some fractures, some vertical fractures in particular, and we're going to try and do a horizontal well or two next year, and then after that, we'll go from there.
Gregory Hill: I think it's really hard to say or speculate on the first production at this point. The Sinopec JSAs really cover all unconventionals in a very large basin around the Shengli field.
Gregory Hill: Sure. So let's start with Ghana. As I said, we expect to spud our first well in February in Ghana. And then Semai, I mentioned in my remarks, we expect to spud that well in the first quarter as well. And if we turn to Australia, of course, we're in the middle of our appraisal program down there. It's still early days. We got a couple of DFPs [ph] under our belt, but so far, so good. The results have been encouraging. And then, the next we go to Brunei, which the operator, Total, is planning to spud the first well sometime in the second half of the year. So those are some of the big highlights outside of the unconventional business, and of course, we're on the Northern Red Sea block as we speak. So that's a bit of an around-the-world tour quickly.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think we'll have some early results from the first well in March, March kind of a time frame.
Gregory Hill: Early for economics, but I think, obviously, that's what we would hope, is that the PSC would come out of it, assuming that we find material unconventional opportunities in those areas.
Gregory Hill: No, I'm not prepared to share anything yet, Paul. What I will say is, again, as I said in my remarks, we saw good shows and good log response in the well. So we're very encouraged and pleased with the results we're seeing so far.
Gregory Hill: I think we're going to complete the wells and hook them up for production in the second quarter. So there will be two horizontals we hope to get on in the second quarter. So we'll be, hopefully, in a position to share at that point.
Gregory Hill: Our F&D cost on an organic basis is $50 per barrel. But I think it's important to keep that all in context in the five years. Our five-year average organic replacement ratio is 125% at an F&D cost of $22 per barrel.
Gregory Hill: Of course, in Shenzi, we are back to work. We've got a second rig there drilling another water-injection well, so we're planning to -- we approved five water injection wells on Shenzi, and the plan is to continue with those injectors. Regarding our own portfolio, Pony 3 will probably be first out, and we're expecting to get on that well in the second half of 2011. But, I think as everyone in the industry is saying right now, everything is highly uncertain due to the sorting out all these regulations.
Gregory Hill: I think that's a good question, Sven. And as we've always said on all these plays, these are continuous learning play. So if you look at our own completions, we've evolved to 18-stage fracs and moved to 22. We have a couple of 28-stage fries now on the ground. So I think you'll see us continue to evolve the frac design, and we're excited about the learnings that we can gain from the two companies that we just acquired as well. So I think you'll see us continue to evolve.
Gregory Hill: Well, I mean, clearly, we'll just absorb it into our existing operations. So there's people synergies, infrastructure synergies, all those things. But we haven't put a number on anything like that. But clearly, that was part of the original acquisition part of our thinking.
Gregory Hill: I'm not sure that's a factual statement, that that's largely non-operated. And if you look at kind of our working interest share just across the whole Bakken play, we're averaging about 67% now across the play. So still very high working interest across the entire play for us.
Gregory Hill: Sure. Because of the large increases due to the acquisitions in North Dakota. So again, we did see TRZ Energy acquisition completed in the fourth quarter. So that's what drove the U.S. It's North Dakota.
Gregory Hill: I think we'll have steady drilling in 2011 and 2012, primarily single-laterals to secure that acreage. So it will be over the next two years.
Gregory Hill: Not yet. Again, I just want to swallow these acquisitions and kind of rejigger our whole program including the HBP and the single well laterals before I give you an exit rate.
Gregory Hill: I can't really break that out for you. I mean, the entire infrastructure cost in the Bakken is around $750 million.
Gregory Hill: John, we have looked at some old core data. We've also looked extensively at old well data. I just wanted to clarify again on the Paris Basin since you asked the question, our plans on the Paris Basin is we're going to drill six wells. The first wells will be vertical wells, will which will be logged and cored. Then we expect to complete single-stage fracs and flow tests on as many as four target intervals in each of those three wells. And then although preliminary, for the next three wells, we're planning a combination of vertical and horizontal wells with multi-staged hydraulic fracturing subject to permits being issued.
Gregory Hill: We don't know yet, John. I mean, it's going to be a mix of condensate and gas. But we don't know until we have the wells flowing.
Gregory Hill: Well, Brunei, don't know because wells haven't been planned yet. But certainly, Ghana, these are 90-day wells.
John Rielly: There's net adds, there's net revisions throughout all the fields. So yes, I mean, again, that's baked into that overall 274 million.
John Rielly: The first thing was on Brazil. As you said, we did book a tax benefit on that. And it is typical that we will set up our exploration program in a way that you can get a U.S. tax benefit for an exploration loss in a foreign country. So what it basically is, Mark, is we refer to it as a worthless stock-type deduction. And that's the way the exploration expense gets benefited. So it's not a benefit that's recorded per se for Brazil. It's recorded for the U.S. So that's the Brazil aspect of it. On the lifting side, the overall impact was approximately 2 million barrels in the quarter. The biggest driver of that was Norway, and then you've got a group of them with EG, Denmark, Algeria. Libya is also in there, actually even some JDA condensate to pump out. So we had a kind of an under-lift across the portfolio. And I always hate to project the timing of what will happen quarter to quarter, but if you looked at our year-end inventory positions compared to what it's looked like over the, say, past year and half, it's clear that our inventory barrels are at a high stage right now. And so you would expect some over-lift coming into 2011.
John Rielly: Paul, what happens is, obviously, by country, the barrels are up and down, so we don't really want to compare to that. But just look at the countries that had the big over-lift. I let you know, again it was in Norway, EG and Denmark, and you can see it from our year-end inventories that those are the ones that are kind of higher on average. So we would expect for 2011 that those barrels would turn around.
John Rielly: I would tell you approximately 1 million, a little less than 1 million barrels, I would say, on average that we're high.
John Rielly: At this time Paul, we just did announce it. So we will be going through the plans and working with our partner and our employees down there. And so we're not at a point right now that we can give guidance related to that.
John Rielly: Paul, you have to realize the nature, and I know you know this and the people on the call know it. When you're dealing with unconventionals in the acquisitions, you're really not buying very much of proved reserves. You're buying the opportunity to exploit and develop and produce proved reserves. So we have a burden from the acquisitions of about $1,600,000,000, for which there are no reserves today, but there will be for the future.
John Rielly: No. What we're looking at is the existing asset sales. So as John Hess had mentioned earlier, the U.K. gas assets that we had actually hoped to close by the end of the year but, just due to some timing, is just closing in the first quarter. So we do have that sale. And then on top of that, it's just our operating cash flow right now and the oil price environment that allows us to fund the capital program.
John Rielly: I'm glad the question got asked because there's always timing that gets involved with our operating costs, our cash costs, and so from an overall standpoint for the year, we finished at $14.40 was our overall cash production unit cost. And the increase actually from 2009 was really solely related to production taxes. So the cost we were able to control. While there's ups and downs in it, we did a very nice job and the E&P group did a nice job on that. So specifically, as you look in the U.S., we've got timings related to maintenance. We have additional production taxes with the higher price environment. In the fourth quarter, we had workovers. Those type of things, we really forecast. We actually also had Tubular Bells, we had some development studies that were ongoing in the fourth quarter. So as we picked up operatorship of that, we flowed that through the production line. So those went to the fourth quarter. But on an overall basis, our production cost came in at the low end of range and really pretty much in line with 2009.
John Rielly: Sure. From our overall number, I would say from extensions, discoveries and revisions, approximately that's 106 million barrels.
