John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make some high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy to become a pure play E&P company. Greg Hill will then discuss our E&P operations, and John Rielly will go over our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $420 million or $405 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.18 compared to $1.46 in the year-ago quarter. Net production in the third quarter averaged 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 402,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's third quarter. Asset sales associated with our strategic portfolio reshaping accounted for 83,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of the decline. The remainder was primarily related to unplanned downtime in Libya, resulting from the civil unrest in that country and heavier-than-normal seasonal maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico, partially offset by higher production from the Bakken and Valhall. Our plan is on track to build a higher-growth and lower-risk E&P portfolio, capable of delivering a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 5% to 8% off of our pro forma 2012 production base. This growth is underpinned by the Bakken in North Dakota, the Valhall Field in Norway, the North Malay Basin Project in Malaysia, the Tubular Bells Field in the Gulf of Mexico and the Utica Shale in Ohio. Net production from the Bakken averaged 71,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 14% from the third quarter a year ago. Our full year 2013 production forecast for the Bakken remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we continued to reduce Bakken well cost, which declined to $7.8 million, down 18% from a year ago. In Norway, production from the Valhall Field ramped up strongly following completion of a multi-year field redevelopment in the first quarter. Net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter versus 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. In Malaysia, we recently achieved first gas at the Hess-operated North Malay Basin Project. Net production is expected to reach 40 million cubic feet per day during the fourth quarter and remain at this level through 2016. Full field development is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day by 2017. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Hess-operated Tubular Bells development is on track to achieve first production in the third quarter of 2014 at a net rate of approximately 25,000 barrels per day. In Ohio, delineation of the wet gas window of the Utica Shale will continue through 2014. Initial well results have been encouraging, and we expect to commence development in 2015. Integral to our transformation to a focused pure play E&P company is our divestiture program, where we continue to make significant progress. In July, we announced the sale of our Energy Marketing business to Direct Energy for more than $1 billion. And earlier this month, we announced the sale of our Terminals business to Buckeye Partners for $850 million. In addition to proceeds from the Terminal sale, this transaction will free up approximately $900 million of working capital through inventory liquidation. We expect both transactions to close in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date, we have announced or completed 6 of 10 planned divestitures with sales proceeds and the release of working capital totaling $6.3 billion. The remaining divestitures are well underway for our upstream assets in Indonesia and Thailand, as well as our Retail Marketing and Trading businesses. Following the announcement of the sale of our Energy Marketing business at the end of July, we commenced our previously announced share repurchase program. Through October 29, we have repurchased 11.2 million shares for $882.7 million. Also in September, our annual dividend increased by 150% to $1 per share. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we have made in our transformation to become a pure play E&P company and in the execution of our plan to reshape our portfolio. We are committed to continuing to review all options to optimize our portfolio and allocate capital to generate the highest financial returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
John B. Hess: Yes, Doug. Just to be clear, we have not been happy with BP's performance as operator of Valhall. And recently as you know, we had, Greg and I, a senior meeting with BP's leadership to express our concerns. We have worked with them to jointly develop a performance improvement plan, and the results are beginning to show. The facilities have begun to run more reliably, and production is currently averaging the year net 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The prize, as you rightly point out, at Valhall remains significant, with a net remaining recoverable resource to our company of more than 500 million barrels. Our primary focus is to work with BP to grow production over the coming years and leverage our chalk reservoir drilling and completion capability we've developed in South Arne in Denmark. While we're encouraged by the recent progress, if performance does not continue to improve, we'll consider our strategic options.
John B. Hess: Yes, just a little more color there. During the quarter, the WTI Brent spread narrowed. I think TI actually, for a couple of days, was over Brent. As you know, right now, TI is probably about $10 under, and there's a further discount at the wellhead for our North Dakota production. So the rail facility continues to add value to our net backs. How you can get a rule of thumb given the variability just in the third quarter is next to impossible. The good news is our company is competitively positioned versus, I think, anybody else to maximize the value of our production there, and we continue to do that. Up to 54,000 barrels a day we're moving by rail right now. About 1/3 is going to the East and West Coast, and the balance goes to the Gulf Coast. And as the East and West Coast increase their ability to receive crude and assuming those markets are more favorable than the Gulf, we'll be able to exploit those opportunities even more in the future.
John B. Hess: The East and West Coast trade more on a Brent basis, and the transportation cost is not materially different. It's a little higher to the East Coast, a little less to the West Coast, but that's figured out in the differentials that you get, but it's more Brent based, where the price you get in the Gulf Coast could be tied to Brent, could be tied to LLS. And as always, Paul, we'll be situated to maximize value according to what market signals that we get.
John B. Hess: Yes, we're well advanced, and more than that we're really not in a position to say. I know there's some big news out there. I don't want to front run the sale process, but it's well advanced.
John P. Rielly: Well, first, we're doing a parallel process. We're going to go down the process of looking at a potential public market option, like you had mentioned, as well as go through an M&A process. So we're going to go through both of that, and we're going to maximize value to shareholders. As far as the private letter ruling and what we're doing for filing with the SEC, we're kind of on track. Everything is moving along according to schedule, and we anticipate getting that and get some further information out later this quarter and into early 2014.
John P. Rielly: Sure. In the quarter, and I think you said it. It really was the timing. We started -- we didn't start from the beginning of the quarter buying back shares. So we were buying back more in August and September. There's also when you look at the dilutive effect, obviously, our share price has been increasing. So from a dilution standpoint, that adds more shares into the calculation as well. So that's why you're not seeing it begin to flow through again in the fourth quarter, as we continue. So going forward, from a pace standpoint, we are going to continue to be disciplined on the pace. What we've done with our share buyback, as we said before, is we started out because from the Energy Marketing sale of $1 billion, we're tying our buybacks to the proceeds. So with that $1 billion, we started on that plan, we've now announced the Terminal sale from that. So we'll continue on at this disciplined pace, buying back stock.
John P. Rielly: Unfortunately, Paul, there really isn't a rule of thumb. So in prior quarters or even going back into late last year, you had the big spread on the Brent TI. So obviously, moving -- excuse me, moving by train, getting to the coast, you got a bigger uplift from the price realizations. Those have come in. We're still making money on the rail. In the quarter, probably added around $3 per barrel to our realizations from the rail, but obviously, they've squeezed. Now Clearbrook and local pricing in Western North Dakota versus WTI, it's going to move based on what's happening in the market. So we're still planning to use all 3 market options, going south to St. James, going East and West with our crude. And it's going to just factor in to where the price realizations are at the time.
John P. Rielly: That's going to be more a function of the different refineries on the East and West Coast ability to take unit trains. Right now, there are a few. And as they improve their capability, we'll be able to do more. Right now, it's sort of limited to that 1/3 that I mentioned of the 54 a day. If the markets improve, hopefully that number will increase. And quite frankly, if the train differentials still give us better value, we can look at getting a few more trains if we need that, in addition to the 9 unit trains that we already have.
John P. Rielly: Going forward, in 2014, I mean, obviously we'll give our full guidance after we've gone through our budget process here in the fourth quarter, but the guidance we've been given is that the capital spend will have a 5 in front of it. So a 5 handle. That's basically the only guidance that we've given out right now for 2014. And again, now early days on the Bakken, but what we've basically -- you heard from Greg earlier that we do plan, at least right now, to add some rigs to the Bakken. However, from an overall capital spend in the Bakken standpoint, that's not necessarily increasing our spend there because we are spending a lot on infrastructure this year in 2013. And as you know, getting the Tioga Gas Plant, we're actually going to have to shut down and commissioning here towards the end of this year. So the infrastructure spend will be moving more to drilling, keeping the Bakken capital number around the same. So that's general guidance here for '14.
John P. Rielly: Yes. It was $28 million after-tax that we did recognize the benefit from in the third quarter from RINs. Now where current pricing is, we're expecting an immaterial contribution in the fourth quarter.
John P. Rielly: No, Paul. We haven't been giving that information out. So, I mean, you saw with the announcement from Direct on where they had the EBITDA number for the Energy Marketing business. And then as far as Terminals, no, we are, again, it's commercially sensitive here as we go through the transaction with Buckeye.
John P. Rielly: Again the guidance I've been giving is that from overall proceeds that the cash tax effect will be less than 5%, and that is driven by the Asian sales over there. So there is some leakage with the Asian sales, but again from our overall proceed numbers that we're talking about it's less than 5%.
John P. Rielly: No. It does. For the wet gas portion, which, as Greg said, we started some pad drilling. We are drilling and hooking up wells there. We do have a contribution from the wet gas portion of the Utica in that guidance.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just in terms of down spacing, our base design has been 9 wells per 1,280-acre DSU. So that's 5 wells in the Middle Bakken, and 4 on the Three Forks. So that yields effectively a 250- and 320-acre well spacing, respectively. Now based on the results of our infill pilot programs, we think that we can further downspace with minimal interference. So over the next 12 months, we're going to install tighter spacing at 17 of our DSUs, with 7 wells in the Middle Bakken and 6 in the Three Forks. So this will bring the spacing down to 180 acres in the Middle Bakken and 210 acres in the Three Forks. So again, moving from 250 to 180 in the Middle Bakken and 320 to 210 in the Three Forks.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I mean, if -- assuming it all works as expected, then we would go full-scale with the tighter infill program on a go-forward basis.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, you bet. So let's take it in order. So let's talk about the Three Forks first, Doug. So as you know, we've continued to delineate the Three Forks in 2012 and 2013. And so by the end of this year, we should have about 140 Three Forks wells drilled and on production. So that's proved up some 40% of our 550,000 to 600,000 core acres. And we expect ultimately that some 60% to 65% of our core acreage is going to be economic for the Three Forks. Results on the Three Forks have been great. So results to date have exceeded our expectations. And in fact, our well results, coupled with the publicly available production data, show that our Three Forks acreage is among the best in the play. So a little context on where we are in the Three Forks. Regarding the benches, we do see several discrete thicker packages in certain areas of the field, where we will plan to test whether or not more than one well in the Three Forks actually can deliver superior returns. And so we'll test that next year as part of our 2014 plan. Now in reference to the longer-term potential of the Bakken, if you think about where we are today so in a 5 and 4 configuration, that yields about 2,500 future drilling locations and about 1 billion barrels of recoverable resource. Also because of the performance of the Three Forks, that long-term 120,000 barrels a day guidance is going to go up, and we plan to give some more color on that when we issue our annual guidance at the first of the year. Now regarding 7 and 6, obviously, those numbers will go up again. So the well counts will go up. The resource will go up. The long-term production will go up further above the Three Forks correction. As we get data from our pilots and drill our wells and get them on production, see the pressure response, then we'll give a second upgrade to the guidance in 2015.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. Now we haven't finalized our budget yet. So I'll put that caveat on it. But this year, we're at 14 rigs. We plan on increasing that to 17 rigs next year. And then if the 7 and 6 works, assuming it does, and we're confident it will, then you'll see a step to rig count up to 20 rigs a year after and potentially higher after that.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, in terms of -- first on the cost, as you mentioned, the Bakken continues to improve. So our well cost went from 8.4 to 7.8 in a quarter, and that's a result of our application lean manufacturing to just continue to drive improvement. I think on the productivity side, I mean, we are constantly testing various things to try and improve the productivity and also bring the cost down as well. So there's that kind of -- there's a sweet spot, I call it, where cost and productivity meet to drive the highest return. So we're focused on drilling the highest return Bakken wells, not necessarily the highest production or not necessarily the lowest cost. We're really trying to find that maximum return point in the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: That's a currently -- and I know, Paul, we've discussed this before. At this point, just to give you the same guidance is that on the cash cost, which includes production and severance taxes in there, the Bakken is slightly below our portfolio average there from all-in cash costs there. Going forward, we're looking at -- we're continuing to add information there. Obviously, you know we've got the whole, we're looking at the midstream and the marketing up there in North Dakota. So it's something we'll still be considering as we move forward to provide that information.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, Paul, it's mainly gas. So we'll send a lot more gas to flare, right? The liquids will be a very small number, a couple of thousand barrels a day for the quarter, 1,000 to 2,000 barrels a day. So the impact to oil is very small.
Gregory P. Hill: Just to add to that Paul, I mean, with the gas and the shutdown, we are -- in that number that I gave out earlier the 320,000 barrels a day, we are seeing Bakken essentially flat with that number -- in that number that I gave, just because due to the shutdown and the shut in of gas.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we aren't. It will go down probably the third week of November. We're still just finalizing all that. The gas plant will go down, and then we'll start commissioning the plant at the end of the year.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think importantly, Paul, what we said in the opening remarks, all that's built in to our guidance, it's 64 to 70 on the Bakken. That's all built in. So that range is still very valid.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, certainly, with the wet gas, we will be making that decision at the end of 2014 once we finish delineation, and remember that is all HBP in FEED or fee acreage. And it effectively has no royalty. So the economics of that are very strong, and so we've already moved to pad drilling in a number of well locations. So we're effectively delineating and developing at the same time. But as far as a full field sanctioned decision, that will come at the end of 2014 as part of our budgeting process. So that's the plan, but the wells are looking great, and the economics look really well with that kind of a royalty.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, yes, okay, it's 73,000 currently net acres on the JV acreage. Now, not all of that's wet gas. So about 30,000 or so, 30,000 to 35,000 will be wet gas acreage. The rest is oil acreage that we don't have any plans to develop on the far West.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we continue to make progress. We're pleased with the progress that we are making on Australia, and we're closer than we ever have been. That's about all I can say at this point.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think between our wells and industry wells, those lines are constantly moving. They're not moving tens of miles or hundred of miles. So you're kind of on the edge here of trying to find that window. In the Western part of the dry gas window, which is kind of that transition area from the dry gas to wet gas, those liquids are predominantly NGLs. And then as we move further West, towards Harrison County and West Belmont County and the East Guernsey County, those total liquids percentages gradually increase to around 60% and then the condensate portion of these liquids goes as high as 35% when you get over there. So you can begin to see where the real sweet spots are, and we're right in the heart of it.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're committed to the appraisal program certainly. However, I will say that the data room's been very active. So we anticipate getting bids sometime in November. So.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just to clarify, I think what we said was yes, we wanted to target those lower benches, but what we did this year was go down and get core from a lot of those locations. And as I said in my remarks, it does appear that there are certain parts of the field where you do have 2 big thick sections of the Three Forks. So we plan to actually put horizontals in some of the second bench areas next year. Now, I will say once again, I think, ultimately the decision on multiple benches in the Three Forks is going to come down to returns. Because obviously, if I put 2 wells in 2 benches in the Three Forks, I'd better, at least, get double the recovery or economically from a return standpoint, it doesn't make sense.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I don't -- the majority of our acreage, if there is multiple bench, it appears to be in the second bench. The third and fourth bench, much more isolated and much smaller.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Greg, I wonder if I could take you back to the Bakken for a second. So you talked about the well pattern changing I guess the 7 and 6. You haven't talked about deeper benches. Continental obviously talks about second, third and fourth benches. That's the reason for-- I'm just pointing out the additional down spacing, and neither have you addressed your longer-term production guidance or resource estimates based on the old pattern. So if that's changing can you give us some color as to how you think about the longer-term targets. And I've got a follow-up please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Can you talk about the pace, Greg, in terms of rig count. In light of all of the above, I'm assuming the current pace will accelerate.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Great. My follow-up is a little bit quicker. I guess it's to either of the Johns. The pace of buybacks, it seems like a sizable buyback, but didn't really impact the share count too much. So I'm just wondering if you could help us with what was going on in the timing during the quarter and how you see the pace of buybacks on a go-forward basis, largely, over the next 12 months. I'll leave it there.
Paul Sankey: I wondered if you could provide us with an update on pricing and realizations there. And if there's some sort of rule of thumb for now and going forward as to how the oil will price there.
Paul Sankey: I'm just wondering how much you're going to be able to move to the coast, let's say, in a year's time.
Paul Sankey: That's very helpful. And my follow-up is, can you update us just on the latest timing for the sale of the Asian assets if we're expecting some news before the end of the year.
