John Rielly: Yes. Thanks, Arun. So just to remind you what our -- the capital return framework is our framework is set up on an annual basis. So we look at our annual free cash flow and we are planning to return -- and we are committed to return up to 75% of that free cash flow. And that free cash flow is reduced for debt reductions, which we did have that $500 million in the first quarter. So as we said, with our $650 million authorized in the $190 million done in the second quarter, you can expect the remainder to be done throughout the rest of this year, and it's actually going to be above the 75% framework because of where commodity prices are, our discussions with the Board, our favorable balance sheet position. And look with Guyana ramping up and Bakken ramping up our free cash flow is improving, as you see from our second quarter results, so that we can give more than 75% this year with this favorable commodity price environment. And so then coming to 2023, you really should think about, look, we just are starting capital return program. This is just the beginning, and we plan to continue it. So as we move into 2023, we are committed to that 75% framework. Again, if commodity prices are favorable, we can do more than that next year. But you should begin to think this is going to be a continued program. And just remember now with Bakken, as we said, that's going to 200,000 barrels a day. Guyana is going to be bringing on an FPSO almost once a year here for the coming years. So we're going to have a growing free cash flow. So that 5% is going to be going on a bigger and bigger number as we move out. So I think that's the strategic framework you should be thinking about.
John Rielly: Go ahead, John. Thank you for the soft guidance, Arun, because that's what we'll do. As usual, we'll provide the full guidance in January because we do have some moving parts like you said. But with the fourth rig in the Bakken and look, we did have some phasing of activities that are moving into 2023 you can at least expect an additional $150 million plus from the Bakken. And this is before inflation, which I'll talk about a little bit at the end. So the Bakken will be increasing with that fourth rig, some of the phasing as well. So you can think about that $150 million. In Guyana, as you know, we've got a lot of things going on. So I did say this in the first quarter, there's clearly going to be about 700 -- several hundred million more in Guyana because we'd be developing Payara, right? We're bringing that on in late 2023. We've got to develop with Yellowtail, the fifth FPSO, which Greg mentioned, Uaru and Meco, and we also have the gas to energy project going on in Guyana. So again, several hundred million more for Guyana, but we'll fine-tune that as we go through the year. Also, as you heard Greg mention, we had success at Huron well in the Gulf of Mexico. We'll be looking at what we're doing from an appraisal standpoint and what our Gulf of Mexico program, which typically, as we had mentioned, like to get some of these infrastructure-led tiebacks done as well as a greenfield. So we'll be having some increase in Gulf of Mexico for 2023. And then I mentioned it, of course, we're monitoring the industry inflation. We are seeing it. Greg mentioned what's happening with our D&C cost in Bakken. We are seeing it in rig rates, labor, steel costs. So we'll continue to be looking at that and we'll fine-tune it as we get to the end of the year. But kind of soft, those are the kind of numbers you can be looking at, Arun.
John Rielly: No. That has not been finally determined yet, Arun, on the timing. The guidance I would give you right now is not to expect just in 2023. So if you're putting in your models, you don't pull 1 in 2023. I would expect 1 in early 2024. But again, it's still early days. We do not have that finalized yet.
John Rielly: Sure. So that's one of the things I mentioned why, as Arun said, soft guidance and what our budget would be for next year. We are looking at that -- obviously, it's -- there's no change to our base program in the Bakken. We're going to have the 4 rigs. We're doing that. We want to optimize our infrastructure up there, lower our cash cost, and it's the best return way to develop the Bakken. So there won't be any change there. And so we'll continue to monitor the cost and update everyone on where the budget ends up with that. So on a go-forward basis, then Guyana, again, the plan is there unchanged. Obviously, just a phenomenal province for us for oil development, the returns there are excellent, and we will be trying to bring forward as much as we can to get this oil for the country of Guyana on as early as possible. So again, Payara, Yellowtail, getting the fifth ship in for FID, try to get the development plan into the government. So no change there. Again, with Exxon, has been doing an excellent job managing the cost there. But we are susceptible to that cost inflation that everybody else is seeing. So we'll update again where that number comes. But as I said, we have about $1 billion this year in our plan in our original budget, and we're not changing that in Guyana. So again, Exxon has done a really good job this year managing that inflation. And as I said, it will be several hundred million dollars more, but again, we'll see where the inflation ends up. And then kind of the new thing because we were just talking about a Gulf of Mexico and our program, we are looking at the rig rates and being able to get slots. So that's something, again, that we will be looking at managing, but we do want to do this appraisal that we talked about, and we'd like to do some of our infrastructure-led tiebacks. So -- again, those are extremely good returns even if the cost inflation is a little bit higher. So I think you can take that again as our soft guidance on what we're doing, and we keep practicing our lean culture and trying to get it as much as possible working with our strategic -- So again, Exxon has done a really good job this year managing that inflation. And as I said, it will be several hundred million dollars more. But again, we'll see where the inflation ends up. And then kind of the new thing because we were just talking about Gulf of Mexico and our program, we are looking at the rig rates and being able to get slots. So that's something, again, that we will be looking at.
John Rielly: Sure. So as Greg mentioned, right now with wells online, we're a little bit down. I would say wells online. We're only in, like, say, 5 range of wells online that are going to be moving to next year. Some of the wells drilled. So as Greg mentioned, there were 95 wells, that's actually up from our original guidance of 90, but that didn't include the fourth rig. So the fourth -- we should have gotten an additional, say, 14 to 15 wells drilled. And so we're only getting 5. So we've got additional wells that are moving that way. So you're looking at 9 or 10 wells to be drilled that are moving to next year, 5-ish kind of wells online moving to next year and just some other small infrastructure type things. So altogether, you're probably looking in that $40 million type range that got moved to next year.
John Rielly: Sure. So I mean John did give a good explanation on that, but that's clearly what we're looking to do, continual increases here. And John did mention it that we'd like to get our dividend to a level that is attractive to the income-oriented investors. So I think yield is an output, but you can think about the yield that the income-oriented investors are looking at. So with our ability here, again, as I mentioned, Bakken growing to 200,000 barrels a day and then Guyana, Payara coming in late 2023 and then almost an FPSO a year here as we move out the next couple of years, we're going to have a significant free cash flow that we're able to continue to increase the dividend and we can kind of move that dividend as our cash flow grows. But actually, the bigger part of our return will be share repurchases because that growing free cash flow when you put that 75% against that as we will grow that dividend, we want to make it sustainable in a low oil price environment, but the bigger portion ultimately will be share repurchases.
John Rielly: Sure. So for hedges for next year, we do not have any hedges on in 2023 or beyond at this point. Now, you know our strategy, and you should assume that we'll continue with that strategy is to put a floor price on. So as we get to the end of the year, we'll use puts, obviously, where volatility is, that from everything that John has been discussing on this call and also just the time aspect of the put options. We'll be putting them on closer to the end of the year or early into next year. That's typically the time frame that we do that. But we do want to put a floor on. You can expect us to do that again next year and years after to just again to provide that insurance, should prices -- should there be a change? Should there be a recession or something happening that drops those prices, but we'll do that towards the end of the year.
John Rielly: Sure. So I mean we are seeing, Roger, that just like our competitors, we're seeing upward pressure onshore and offshore with steel prices, labor costs and rig rates. So there's no question we are seeing that. So we -- as you mentioned, we talked about Guyana. So onshore, you heard Greg mention that the D&C cost did go from 6.2% to 6.3% this year. We are seeing inflation coming from 2023, these things continuing. So I can't give the number. That's why we'll wait till the end of the year, but you should expect that 6.3% to be higher in 2023 when we get the full numbers in. Again, we're working hard to mitigate the effects through efficiency gains, working with our suppliers, contracts and all our relationships there. And with the strength of the oil prices, like you mentioned, I still think with that tightness going into 2023, we will continue to see that. But of course, with the higher oil prices, obviously, we're getting much higher returns in cash flow. So I can't be exactly specific. That's what I said earlier, but we'll continue to work the contracts through the end of the year, and I'll update everyone on our January call.
Greg Hill: No, Doug. I think we're back on track in the Bakken. We're back on that trajectory. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we expect the third quarter to be up 10%. The fourth quarter to be up 10% from that. And then you really see the fourth rig start to kick in because you'll start completing wells for from that fourth rig in 2023. So that's why we're saying we'll have the steady increase trajectory to 200,000 barrels a day, which we expect to hit in 2024. So it should be a smooth ramp from here.
Greg Hill: Well, let me talk about -- yes, let me talk about the well first. So it was drilled on Green Canyon Block 69 to a depth of 28,900 feet and the rig was released on June 14, 2022. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the prospect targeted a new Miocene sub-salt fairway in Northern Green Canyon. Reason we're really encouraged by the results that we discovered good, high-quality oil in good quality Miocene sands. And we -- as I did mention, we're also planning an appraisal sidetrack up dip on that well. I think the second thing that's really exciting about it is a result of -- as a result of what we're seeing in Huron, we see additional prospectivity in that Northern Green Canyon area, and we have a very competitive leasehold position there. So 2 positive outcomes from Huron. Doug, we don't release predrill estimates, and the well is still under evaluation. So further information coming as we appraise that asset.
Greg Hill: Sure. Thanks, Jeanine. So the Gulf of Mexico for us, remains a very important part of the portfolio. It's an important cash engine, and it's a platform for growth for us. So -- our objective in the Gulf is to add a minimum sustained production cash flow through tieback opportunities and also selectively pursuing hub class exploration opportunities. If we can grow it, we want to. And as you recall, we've been selectively rebuilding our portfolio in the last 5 or 6 years, such that we acquired 60 new lease blocks in the Gulf we've got over 80 now in our portfolio, and that's really a balance of high-return tiebacks and also hub class new exploration prospects. So assuming those opportunities compete for capital, a good planning assumption for us going forward is that we would drill roughly 2 wells per year for the next several years that, again, is focused on both those tiebacks and new hub class opportunities with Huron being the first out of the gate, again, very encouraging results. And Huron, particularly for that Northern Green Canyon basin where we have a very competitive leasehold there. So we're pretty excited about that.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think for the next couple of years, you could assume our objective is really to hold it flat and we'll do that through these infills and ILX, infrastructure-led exploration wells that are quick tiebacks. Beyond that, we're also going to be doing some hub class exploration prospects, obviously those wouldn't feature those wouldn't come in as growth until later in that period. So short term, hold it flat as a minimum longer-term grow it, assuming success from some of these sub-class exploration prospects.
Greg Hill: Yes. So as we said, these 2 discoveries, Seabob and Kiru-Kiru, which are still underway, so those will be additive to the already announced 11 billion barrels gross recoverable hydrocarbons. I think the significant part about these discoveries is why they're so encouraging is that if you look at Seabob, that is leading to a potential inboard oil play in the southeastern part of the Stabroek Block. And in fact, as we look forward, the next 2 wells, Yarrow and Banjo will help further delineate that inboard oil opportunities. So there could be another oil FPSO centered on that inboard oil play. So as you mentioned, after we get these wells done, we'll do some DSPs, et cetera, on them really trying to prove up really that inboard oil play. So very, very exciting.
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So the investment level to get to that new nameplate of that new capacity of 140,000 barrels a day from the 120 on Phase I, very minimal. I mean this was some piping changes, et cetera. So you shouldn't think about that as a major investment on Phase 1. As we look forward to future phases, certainly in Phase II and also Payara, I think we could see the potential for additional debottlenecking for those 2 vessels. Beyond that, as your vessels get bigger, say, the 250 class, we'll have to wait and see. And I think the important thing to remember about these debottlenecking efforts is it's going to be bespoke for each vessel. So it's going to depend on the individual dynamics of that vessel operating as to how much additional capacity you can eke out of it. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Greg Hill: No. Look, I think if you look at our portfolio, we've got 2,100 or more drilling locations that generate great returns at a $60 WTI. So obviously, at current prices, those returns are fantastic, right? And so certainly, the movement in the oil price from a return standpoint is outstripping any inflationary effects. And the 200,000 barrel a day kind of plateau rate, if you will, for the Bakken is absolutely the optimum place to be because it really fills up all the infrastructure that we have in place in the Bakken. So you need to think about future wells as almost like a tieback in the Gulf of Mexico. The infrastructure is already there. So the incremental returns are very high for those Bakken wells. So we'll hold that with the portfolio we have, we'll hold that for rigs and be able to hold that plateau at about 200,000 barrels a day for almost a decade, all the while, the Bakken generating significant amount of free cash flow during that period. So at $60, it generates over $1 billion of free cash flow. Obviously, current price is much higher. So it becomes this massive cash annuity for the portfolio at that 200,000 barrels a day.
John Hess: I would just add to that. I mean we're encouraged by the prospectivity in this area. The fact that there's a working petroleum system. So there's going to be further drilling and appraisal ahead of us, and we're encouraged by it.
John Hess: Yes. And 1 other point, Paul. So -- and it's a great question. I think all companies are dealing with this recession risk, even though there's an economic slowdown now. We certainly see the market getting tighter for the reasons that I mentioned between now and the end of the year. Having said that, our Board will definitely stress test our budget for next year. Definitely, there will be a recession scenario in that, and we'll definitely be prepared should there be a recession to stay ahead of it to keep the balance sheet strong so we can still invest in our high-return opportunity in Guyana, and we'll also take steps as we normally do as we get to the end of the year to make sure we have some price protection on in terms of puts on the downside. So we'll be prepared in case a recession occurs. It's certainly going to be one of the scenarios that the Board has with our senior leadership to make sure we're financially disciplined going into next year.
John Hess: Yes, Greg, Wai, we appreciate it if you just go over our strategy. The role of the Gulf in our portfolio, the exploration acreage that we have. And I can comment on M&A side, Jeanine, in the normal course of business, we always look to optimize our portfolio, but we have not seen anything in the market, be it in the Gulf for or elsewhere that makes sense for us to do an acquisition. We have better opportunities to invest in our portfolio of high return and low cost investments. So we're much more focused on getting return from the inventory of investment opportunities that we have then looking to the outside. We don't need M&A to grow the returns of our business and quite frankly, most of the stuff that we've seen would erode returns. We're going to do that. We're going to stay financially disciplined. But Greg, can you talk about the role of the Gulf in our portfolio.
John Hess: Yes. I'm going to have John answer it, but I think the way to think about it is a sustainable and meaningful premium to the S&P dividend yield. That's what we're really looking at. We want to compete for the generalist investor, not just the oil and gas investor, but we want it to be something that also holds up under low oil prices. But John, why don't you elaborate a little bit what our plans are.
John Hess: Yes. I mean obviously, this changes, as you know, Neil, it's a great question, every day. But what we've been seeing really for the last 2 months is buyers for physical Brent or physical Brent equivalents is several dollars a barrel premium over the screen or the futures market. There's strong buying that's out there. Obviously, not just because the world is short inventory and needs the current barrels. But obviously, what's going on in Russia and Europe, has tightened the market even more, which you're seeing more in the Brent price than you are in the WTI price on the screen. But several dollars a barrel, I think, is a good planning assumption for now. And we'll just have to see how the market evolves between now and the end of the year. One of the concerns we have is obviously, if more barrels are taken out of Russia. I think Russia is down in terms of their exports about 1 million barrels a day. If that number grows and the EU is talking about sanctioning more of those barrels, I think that physical premium will go up.
John Hess: Yes. And I think, Roger, the other thing is Greg and his team moved expeditiously this secure excellent equipment with Nabors and also with -- and cruise with Halliburton as well. So some of our competitors, I don't think are as well positioned as we are to have high-quality equipment and people. And I think that will inure to our benefit as we go into next year to mitigate the cost pressures plus the fact that Greg and his team are leaders of the manufacturing and have a proven track record of mitigating cost increases. So the exact number, as John said, we’ll give you at the end of the year, but I think we're staying ahead of it and taking steps to mitigate whatever that impact is.
John Hess: Yes. We certainly intend to increase the dividend each year and at a moderate pace, but 1 that builds value over time that will be sustainable, but also meaningful.
