Gregory P. Hill: Well, they're actually spread out in a number of areas across the field. I don't have the actual well numbers in front of me but it's really spread out over our whole position.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, Doug. Well, first of all, Hammerhead, we just completed it at DST. Couple comments on Hammerhead to start. This is a massive accumulation. A very thick sand package. In fact, it's the thickest single sand package that we drilled on the block. It's a very large structure so it's going to require some additional appraisal. What we can say is that the results of the DST were good, meaning that the reservoir quality is excellent and the reservoir seems to be well-connected. You're right to say that Hammerhead's accretive to the 4 billion barrels and it could jump the queue in terms of being ahead of some of the other phases that were on the Turbot cluster, but it's too early to say that because we need some additional appraisal before we make that final decision. But, again, it is accretive to the 4 billion barrels. On the Payara cluster, as you mentioned, we're in feed. Right now, the vessel is sized at 180,000 barrels a day but that's still under discussion and will be part of the final project sanction towards the end of 2018.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Doug, you have a great memory. Amara is actually Escolar (00:29:48) or used to be called Escolar (00:29:49). Regarding the sequence of exploration and appraisal next year, that's still under discussion with the operator. We'll let you know once we get our budget finalized in 2019, but Ranger will be one of the things in the queue in 2019 obviously. But we've got some Hammerhead appraisal we want to do; there's some more work that we want to do in the Turbot area, so all that sequence is still being worked out.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, Bob, obviously it depends on what we find as we continue to explore the block. Again, that whole sequence hasn't been lined out yet with the operator but we know that we want to do some more appraisal in Hammerhead, so there will be some more there. We know we've got some more exploration/appraisal around Turbot. We know that we've got appraisal at Ranger. We know that we're going to drill this Hamira (00:36:28) well which could lead to more appraisal. And in addition to that, we have 20 additional prospects and leads that we'd like to drill on the block. So it's going to be a mix of exploration and appraisal and it really depends upon what we find as to how much appraisal we need. So we'll give you more color when we do our budget for 2019.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Let me let me take the first two and then John can talk about the takeaway. Certainly, our plan for next year is to hold six rigs flat. So we added that sixth rig in the third quarter and our plan is just to hold the rig count at six. As I mentioned, we're transitioning to a plug-and-perf completion, so that'll be a 10 million pound per well proppant loading that was confirmed as the optimum in the Bakken study. Just a few words about the Bakken study. Remember, that was an independent third party look that examined over 10,000 wells, both ours and our competitors, and the study confirmed a couple things. First of all, it confirmed that our use of sliding sleeves and tight spacing during the downturn maximized DSU NPV which has always been our objective, and then secondly that the transition to plug-and-perf in 2018 as a result of improving technology and lower costs in that space is the right strategy to deliver more value going forward. And as John Rielly mentioned previously, the cost of those wells currently right now is running about $7.5 million per well, so about $1.5 million above the sliding sleeve completion. However, just as we did with the sliding sleeves, we begin to apply lean manufacturing to that process and we're reasonably confident that we can bring those well costs down over time as we apply lean manufacturing. But we will transition to that design over the remainder of 2018 and into 2019 on plug-and-perf. And, again, we'll give more color on that in our Investor Day in December.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we will talk about that at our Investor Day in December. But you're right. The peak is going to go up. Our current plan on the Bakken which, again, we'll cover on Investor Day is to take it to that new peak level, drop the rigs to four, and then hold it at that new peak level for a number of years. And, yeah, at that point the Bakken becomes a massive cash generator for the company, so cash flow will be significantly up in the Bakken. So as John Rielly mentioned, post-2020 you really have all of our assets generating free cash, significant amounts of free cash flow. And then of course, in 2022 when Phase 2 comes on, then Guyana becomes a major cash flow-generating asset. So you'll have all four assets generating significant amounts of cash when Phase 2 comes on.
Gregory P. Hill: I think first of all, the Pontoenoe well encountered 63 meters of really high-quality reservoir. Unfortunately it was wet, but now we're taking all that data from the well and we're going to recalibrate the seismic, rerun all the seismic, and that'll help inform future exploration in Suriname. But despite the dry hole, we still believe the block has significant resource potential as there's multiple play types on the block. So as you mentioned, current thinking is we won't get back to drilling until 2020 on the block and give us a good amount of time to reprocess things and understand what we saw.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think it'll be part of that what we call the greater Turbot complex. We're really trying to define that to understand how many vessels it's going to take to evacuate that, right, that area. There's a lot of accumulations there that we want to get a drill bit in.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think it's just continuous improvement in completion practices. That number that I gave you is primarily dominated by sliding sleeves fleet. So recall this year we increased the proppant loading in our 60-stage sliding sleeves to 140,000 pounds per stage, so that's about 8.4 million pounds on the sliding sleeve. So primarily that number I gave you reflects that increase in proppant in sliding sleeves. In addition to that, we're also transitioning to plug-and-perf. And based on the results of the Bakken study and some of the very preliminary results that we got from our early plug-and-perf trials, that move to 10 million pounds is going to be very value-accretive. So we'll give you some more color on that in December but that'll be to – the first jump was sliding sleeve move, the next jump will be plug-and-perf, and you'll get an increment on each of those.
Gregory P. Hill: No. So far there's no issues with labor shortage. Remember, this is an offshore development so the majority of everything is floated in, right, and the work is all done offshore. And I think ExxonMobil as operator has done a great job in maximizing local content where possible.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could hit a couple of questions on exploration in Guyana to start off. Greg, I realize that Guyana is probably going to be a focus on December 12, but I just wonder if you could touch on the visibility you have today. I want to reflect on comments you made back in August about potentially fast-tracking Hammerhead. That's not in the 750,000 barrels a day or the more than 750,000 barrels a day as I understand it. And similarly, the latest thoughts on the scale of Payara/Liza-3, and I've got a follow-up, please.
Doug Leggate: Great. Thank you for that, Greg. And my follow-up on Guyana, if I may, is the exploration program. You mentioned the Amara prospect. I just want to be clear. Did that have another name? Was that Escolar (00:29:30) or is that something different? And if you could just give us an idea of where Ranger now fits in the queue because my understanding was (29:39) was going to go back to a Ranger appraisal at some point.
Doug Leggate: Last one for me if I may, guys, is for the two Johns. And John Hess, I realize you've made your thoughts on share buybacks quite clear, but I guess I'm looking at the strength of the cash flow this quarter, the underlying cash flow. The demonstrable part of the portfolio obviously in this environment is pretty punchy. What is the right level of cash to carry on the balance sheet? And what's at the back of my mind really is you've got your preference issue maturing next year. I'm just wondering if there's a potential offsetting buyback that could dilute that or offset that dilution we're going to see next year, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John B. Hess: Yeah. Doug, as you know, we are currently purchasing our stock under our current program. We constantly assess our allocation of capital. And as you know, we have been a leader among our peers in return of capital so we will continue to balance investing in our highest-return projects and returning capital to shareholders. That's our investment proposition and that's the path we've been following and we will continue to follow.
John B. Hess: Yeah. And, Brian, fair question. In terms of takeaway, our company does not have an issue in terms of takeaway capacity from the Bakken because of the pre-investment we've done to have access to multiple export markets, and that flexibility really positions us well to maximize the value of our sales netbacks. The recent widening in the Clearbrook differential began with October trading and is primarily the result of unusually high Mid-Continent refinery maintenance, not a takeaway issue, where that maintenance shut in more than 1 million barrels per day of refinery capacity. We expect this refinery demand to return in December with differentials narrowing towards historical levels. And our strategy of having these multiple export markets to maximize the value of our sales netbacks, recently in June when Clearbrook was a premium, was about $1 over WTI, we were actually maxing sales into the Clearbrook market. And in the current market, we are currently delivering about 70% of our crude to export markets where we receive Brent-based pricing which is about $6 over WTI. And in terms of the future, we're well-positioned now but we will continue to look at potential pipeline expansions as they may occur and may add additional firm transportation in the future to further optimize our marketing efforts.
John B. Hess: Good question, Arun. Our plan would be to continue to access Brent-based pricing between pipeline deliveries to the Gulf Coast and also rail deliveries either to the Gulf Coast, East Coast or West Coast.
John B. Hess: Yes. Yeah, we're positioned for this now. And we'll also look at, as I said, potential pipeline expansions and may add additional firm transportation on those to ensure that we continue to optimize our differentials by getting access to offshore Brent-based pricing.
John B. Hess: In terms of takeaway capacity, right now, I mentioned it before, it's about 70% of our crude is going to export markets where we can receive Brent-based spot pricing, most of it on DAPL, out to Nederland, and then some to both the East Coast and West Coast via train. And in terms of going forward, there are multiple pipeline expansion opportunities. We're looking at them and the terms and conditions of those vary.
John B. Hess: Well, I tell you, what I would say is going down south to Nederland is about $7. And train's a little bit higher than that, West Coast being closer to that number, East Coast being a little higher.
John B. Hess: Yeah. And, Roger, just again to, I'd say, reemphasize the point that John made earlier, the increment in CapEx is going to very high-return projects, the increment being probably in the range of 30% to 50% IRRs, very quick paybacks. While next year we'll ramp up in CapEx, we should start becoming cash flow-positive in a $60 WTI, $65 Brent world. In 2020, covering the CapEx and dividend, we should become cash flow-generative there. And then the outlook going past that, and we'll go over this at Investor Day, is that CapEx going forward probably is going to be in the range of $3 billion, holding flat out to 2025. So our portfolio becomes very cash-generative, putting us in a great position to balance investing in the business in the high returns going forward and also returning capital to our shareholders.
John B. Hess: And, Paul, before John Rielly answers it, I understand congratulations are in order for your marriage. So I want to get that out first.
John B. Hess: We are committed to the MLP and we don't have the need as Hess to monetize anything right now and neither does GIP because basically the drop-downs from Hess is going to Midstream Partners and we have a multi-year runway where we don't need to do any drop-downs into the MLP, so I just want to be clear. And I also want to be clear that Hess and GIP are committed to the MLP and continuing the growth trajectory and really maximizing value from our investment in the Midstream business.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Bob. So the first thing as you heard that we were looking at, we've always looked at 2019 again as with our bridge to Guyana coming in 2020 and we know we're investing in Phase 1 and now you know we're going to be also investing in Phase 2 and others, that the first thing we did, we put the 95,000 barrels a day of WTI put options in place. So watching oil volatility, we made sure we put a floor on that price for us for a good part of our production to ensure that we have that base cash flow. So we will, as you said, we'll be talking a lot more about this later on in our Investor Day. But while our budgeting process is underway, we're really excited about our capital and exploratory expenditure program through 2025. We think it's distinctive kind of as John Hess talked about earlier, that it'll deliver capital-efficient production growth that generates significant free cash flow over the period. So just to be high level, talking about the activity levels that Greg was discussing, our 2019 budget will be closer to $3 billion. But it's important to note that all that incremental spend between 2018 and 2019 will be targeted, in our view, to the highest-return investments in the E&P business, and that's our Bakken and Guyana assets. And then just going longer-term, and again we'll give more detail on this, but maintaining our disciplined capital allocation, we currently expect capital and exploratory expenditures to average approximately $3 billion per year through 2025 and the portfolio to be cash-generative post-2020. And I would tell you, for now what we're looking at from a planning assumption case is using a $60 WTI and a $65 Brent. But, again, we'll provide more information later on in our Investor Day in December but, again, really excited about that. Just specifically because Greg had mentioned it, what's going on in the Bakken, it's basically that incremental spend is almost half and half between the Bakken and Guyana. So in the Bakken we're going to be operating six rigs, that's 30% higher rig count than 2018, and right now probably approximately 50% more wells online in 2019 than 2018. So the vast majority also of those wells in 2019 are expected to be the higher-intensity plug-and-perf completions which currently carry an incremental cost of about $1.5 million per well versus our previous sliding sleeve design. But these wells are expected to deliver increases in both IP, rates, and more significantly in NPV. So it'll result in our Bakken production exceeding our previous guidance of 175,000 barrels per day by 2021. Then in Guyana, we have the peak spend on Phase 1 in 2019. From our previous sanctioned release in 2019, it was about an $80 million increase in 2019 for Phase 1. And now you're going to see the commencement of spending for Phase 2. And remember, Phase 1, the initial year was $110 million so Phase 2 is obviously bigger than Phase 1, so you're going to see a little more spending for that. As well now feed costs for FPSOs 3 and 4 most likely and we are bringing the additional drill ship in, the Noble Tom Madden for next year. So that's kind of just high level. We'll go into more detail on it. But, again, from our overall program we're going to be generating significant free cash flow over the period because of these investments in Bakken and Guyana.
John P. Rielly: So what we've always said in the Gulf of Mexico is that kind of 65,000 barrels a day is a level of production that we can maintain here for several years because of the tieback opportunities that we have. So in 2019 we do have two rigs contracted, right, so we'll be completing the drilling and stampede with those two rigs. And then we talked about between signs of kind of like $100 million and $150 million that we spend every year just to do some tieback opportunities and hold that Gulf of Mexico production right around 65,000 barrels per day.
John P. Rielly: Yes. Yes, you can make that assumption there with the six rigs at right around 150 and maybe a little bit more.
John P. Rielly: That's the E&P portion and includes the spend for exploration as well. So that's just that E&P, yeah.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So first, outside like you said Utica or assets like that, we were not spending much capital in 2018 on that. So the base that you should start with is the $2.1 billion because our capital guidance remains unchanged, and so then moving up, I'd say, going to that, closer to $3 billion. There's a little bit more going to Bakken than Guyana. And if you can just – I'll do some simple math for you. Bakken guidance was approximately $900 million for this year. We're about at 4.75 rigs and we're going to six rigs for the full year. On average we're 4.75 rigs. Just do the math on that, you'll get about $240 million just with everything being exactly the same. Then as Greg and I had mentioned, the current plug-and-perf wells are approximately $1.5 million higher. We're going to be drilling a lot more of them next year than we did this year. So just simply, if you took that 150 times $1.5 million, put our working interests around 80% or so in it, you can kind of see how you're getting to the numbers there in the Bakken. So it's simply like that. And then Guyana, it's exactly what I talked about before. It's just the additional drill ship. That factors in for exploration. So when I was talking about Guyana, that included this additional exploration spend from that additional drill ship.
John P. Rielly: Paul, the DD&A in the third quarter, really, the better performance in guidance was due to the production. So what we had was that higher production in the Gulf of Mexico with lower DD&A, and so that's what's driving that third quarter DD&A rate down. And then on a go-forward basis, as we project into the future kind of what John was talking about with always our capital being focused in those high-return Bakken and Guyana assets, we continue to see over this period through 2025 that our DD&A rate will continue to come down, and we'll give more information on that on the Investor Day.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. I mean, it hasn't been that long since we've done the IPO of the Midstream. And the Midstream has been performing fantastically and it's been a great partner for us in this build-out of infrastructure. And as we're going to talk about obviously moving to the plug-and-perf and our increasing production above the 175,000 barrels per day, having that midstream partner, GIP, and Hess Midstream overall will really help us in that. And as John had mentioned before in our takeaway capacity, it's really just in general put us in a great place from a revenue standpoint and a cost standpoint. So where we are with that? I know what you've been talking about. We've been watching that happen in the market but it's early days. We've got plenty of growth left in that public midstream vehicle that we have. We're happy with its performance and expect it to continue to perform well.
John P. Rielly: The contract works as the whole block is the ring fence, so all costs can be recovered once production starts. So you are correct in what you said.
