John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2018 to the third quarter of 2018, and provide guidance for 2019. We incurred a net loss of $4 million in the fourth quarter, compared to a net loss of $42 million in the third quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, results in the fourth quarter were a net loss of $77 million, compared to net income of $29 million in the previous quarter, resulting primarily from lower realized crude oil prices. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $5 million in the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $109 million in the third quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2018 were as follows: Lower realized selling prices reduced results by $122 million. Lower exploration cost improved results by $78 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced results by $58 million. All other items reduced results by $12 million for an overall reduction in fourth quarter results of $114 million. Turning to Midstream. The midstream segment had net income of $32 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $30 million in the third quarter of 2018. Midstream EBITDA before the noncontrolling interest amounted to $127 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $130 million in the previous quarter. After-tax corporate and interest expenses were $31 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $122 million in the third quarter of 2018. On an adjusted basis after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $104 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $110 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. Excluding midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.6 billion, total liquidity was $7 billion, including available committed credit facilities, and debt was $5,691 million at December 31, 2018. Cash flow from operations before working capital changes was $584 million, while cash expenditures for capital were $664 million in the fourth quarter.  Changes in working capital increased cash flows from operating activities by $297 million in the fourth quarter, due to an increase in accounts payable and a reduction in accounts receivable. In the fourth quarter, we purchased $250 million of common stock, which completed our previously announced $1.5 billion stock repurchase program. Now turning to guidance, we project E&P cash cost, excluding Libya to be in the range of $12.50 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2019, and $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for full-year 2019, which includes costs for pre-production activities for Guyana Phase 1 and pre-development costs for future phases. DD&A expense, excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2019, and for the full-year of 2019. This results in projected total E&P unit operating cost, excluding Libya of $30.50 to $32.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $31 to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full-year 2019. As guided earlier, capital and exploratory expenditures in 2019 are expected to be $2.9 billion. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019 forecast to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million. The midstream tariff is expected to be approximately $170 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019 projected to be in the range of $750 million to $775 million. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya is expected to be an expense in the range of 0% to 4% for the first quarter and full-year 2019. Our 2019 crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have 95,000 barrels of oil per day hedged for calendar 2019 with $60 WTI put option contracts. We expect option premium amortization will be approximately $29 million per quarter in 2019. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $35 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019, expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million. Turning to corporate, for the first quarter of 2019, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million, and full-year guidance to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million. Interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million in the first quarter and in the range of $315 million to $325 million for the full-year of 2019. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. I mean, as we laid out at our Investor Day, we do have this long-term strategy and we do intend to continue to execute it. We really feel that we have the portfolio on a really nice place from the asset sales and we’re really – now this portfolio can deliver the 10% production growth and the 20% cash flow growth as John Hess mentioned earlier. So, the only thing that we can't predict with this, with our portfolio is commodity prices. So, all we’re doing now is trying to manage uncertainty. So, what did we do with proceeds from the asset sales? We’ve left $2.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet and we have the hedges in place for 2019 and that’s 95,000 barrels of oil per day with the $60 floor price and that’s WTI. So, the company is well-positioned to deliver that strategy even in this low-price environment. Now, if we get extended in an extended low-price environment and really would have to go really more into 2020, the tail-end of 2019 into 2020, in that case an extended low-price environment we have the flexibility as we mentioned to reduce our annual CapEx by as much as $1 billion and that’s principally by reducing rigs in the Bakken. But right now, our plan is to execute with six rigs in the Bakken and deliver everything that we said that we laid out in Investor Day.
John Rielly: Okay. So, exploration spend for 2019 is going to be $440 million that’s what we laid out in Investor Day.
John Rielly: Oh, so are you talking from my – when my guidance that I give out, we give exploration expenses without dry hole costs, so, that’s the expense. The capital spend for exploration will be approximately $440 million in 2019.
John Rielly: And just Brian to your question on the realizations, they are back to normal in the Bakken. So, during the fourth quarter, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Clearbrook spread moved from a plus $0.78 of the [TI] to minus $8.30 per barrel and that was due to about 1 million barrels of demand going away just due to refinery maintenance. So, now like the refineries are back online, the differentials are back around normal. They’ve been a dollar above to a dollar under and so we’re just seeing more of the normal type of Bakken differentials. And if I can just add again, our strategy is to have multiple export markets there to provide us flexibility to move our oil into the highest value market. So, we can get about 70% of our oil to the coast to get the Brent influenced pricing. So – and that’s through a combination of our firm transportation of pipelines in rail.
John Rielly: For 2019, the Midstream has put out its guidance. It’s 275 million to 300 million of CapEx for Midstream. There is some small amounts that are in that Midstream related to water assets, because you know the water asset sale is expected to close in the first quarter. That’s approximately 25 million to 30 million on top of that, but that’s the gross amount that I was giving you.
John Rielly: No. We don't have guidance out on that. So, again, it will depend all on our plans, as well as any potential third-party opportunities that the Midstream has.
John Rielly: No. We don't – we typically don't discuss this like the 6P type resource number, but what we do and as we laid out on Investor Day and Exxon has laid out that we do have greater than 5 billion barrels growth in Guyana. Obviously, we have a 30% working interest. So, people can get the scale of that and as I mentioned we only have 40 million of that booked right now. And then in the Bakken, obviously with our 15-year well inventory that we have with greater than 50% returns and then we have obviously an inventory of well locations beyond that. So, that's how we give that flavor because to your point, we do believe we have a real good competitive advantage with our backlog, our resources and reserve position.
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks Doug. So, Haimara’s operations are currently underway and as we said in our opening remarks, we expect to announce something on that shortly, as well as the Tilapia well. Regarding the Tom Madden, yes, we plan to use that rig throughout 2019. We really have, without talking about specific well numbers because again it does depend on kind of what we find in testing and etcetera as we go forward, but our main objectives on the block this year are really threefold. One is, to appraise Hammerhead; second is to appraise Ranger; and then our third objective is to continue to explore/appraise around Turbot. And the purpose of those three objectives is really to underpin vessels four and five, where are they, how big are they, et cetera. So, those are our main objectives this year, and we’ll do that with two rigs in the exploration/appraisal theater.
Greg Hill: Sorry. I was on mute for a second. Just a reminder, the high intensity plug-and-perf completions are expected to deliver a 15% to 20% increase in IP 180. At least a 5% increase in EUR. That increase is our plateau production to 200,000 barrels a day from the previously guided 175. And importantly an increase in overall Bakken NPV by over $1 billion at $60 per barrel WTI, and what I will say is that results so far indicate that we are meeting or beating expectations on IP rates. So, we’re in good stead going forward.
Greg Hill: And then, just going to the oil cut too and I know the way you asked your question you’re right. I mean oil cut is going to fluctuate quarter-on-quarter really due to changes in gas volumes captured, NGL's extracted and also NGL pricing, but just from our guidance standpoint, we do expect to average in the low-to-mid 60% range for the foreseeable future. So, the increase in Q4 relative to our gas it was driven by lower gas was gathered because we did have Tioga Gas Plant maintenance in the quarter, and that drove up the oil cut.
Greg Hill: Sure, Bob. We really believe we’ve got competitive advantage with our reserve resource and backlog basically. One, just so you know we only have 40 million barrels of Guyana booked at this point, and as Exxon says there’s greater than 5 billion barrels discovered. And it is this cadence because with the cadence we have the sanction of the Phase 1. We’ve booked the approximately 40 million barrels and did not book any barrels here in 2018. So, when Phase 2 as John says get sanctioned, we will pick up barrels then. Phase 3 is Exxon is same by the end of the year. We’ll pick up those barrels. Then also as we drill the production wells now for Phase 1 and begin to start-up performance on Phase 1, we’ll be picking up additional reserves at that time. So, from a reserve standpoint, Guyana will be the gift that keeps on giving for us here over the time because as John Hess mentioned earlier, as we expect to have these phases come on once every year, we’ll continue to record additional reserves every year as this moves out and you saw the low F&D cost associated with that. So, little on the scale and just the uniqueness of the low-cost reserves it just puts us in a terrific competitive advantage.
Greg Hill: Yes. We will continue to look to add hedges as we move into 2020 or 2021. As I said earlier, we’re just looking to manage the uncertainty, and we do like to have that healthy insurance to ensure our program and continue to be executed because, as I said earlier, we really like where the portfolio is right now and what it can deliver that 10% production growth and 20% cash flow growth. So, with the 95,000 barrels a day hedged at the $60 WTI floor for 2019, once we look to 2020, we will look to put on hedges as well to add insurance.
Greg Hill: Paul, that project is still under review and under discussion with the government and we were doing some early engineering studies to figure out what it will take, but in any case, it will be a small amount – relatively small amount of gas going onshore in the main to deliver to a gas fired power plant. But that project has not been sanctioned. It’s still under feasibility studies and whatnot.
Greg Hill: No. I think we’ve agreed for the necessity for it, but timing and how it all is going to work and all that is yet to be determined.
Greg Hill: So, you looked at the future of the majority of our movements to market our Bakken crude will be through pipeline and the rail will be there for flex.
Greg Hill: Our first second and third priority is to maintain a strong cash and balance sheet position, ample liquidity to ensure that we can fund our world-class investment opportunities in Guyana and the Bakken without the need for further debt or equity financing by the way. As we transition from our investment phase and our portfolio begins to generate recurring free cash flow, and you go forward in time out to 2025. We plan to return the majority of that free cash flow to shareholders through higher dividends and opportunistic share repurchases.
Greg Hill: It was actually a mixture John of extensions and add. So, generally with the ads you're going to get the extra year in the five-year program, so we’re going to get those ads. Then you get some of these technical ones where you could have had in a program well A, in the previous year and now well A, is out, you got well B, so you get ads versus revisions, but you do get the additional year of the pods and then you get some revisions pick up. The prices were higher, so you do pick up some revisions from that as well.
John Hess: Yes, Brian. So, the answer is both. I mean, as I said in my remarks earlier, one of the primary intentions though with the program this year is to underpin vessels 4 and 5. So, where are they? We know that there will be one or more potentially in the Turbot complex so it is likely to be one or more on the Hammerhead, and then finally Ranger or how does that play in and when does it play in. And as you mentioned, we will additionally be doing additional exploration on new prospectivity on the block above and beyond that. So, it’s really both, but we’re anxious to get 4 and 5 underpinned, obviously, because we want to keep the cadence of design one, build many, kind of, a ship a year coming online. So, it’s important to understand where those are, get them engineered, get them designed, and more importantly how big to build them.
John Hess: Yes. So, I’ll take the service cost. So, I guess first point Brian is, you know the Bakken is very different than the Permian. It’s a more regional market. Therefore, it’s not experiencing the level of cost inflation that the Permian is seeing. Now, having said that, we’re seeing an average cost increase of 5% to 10% on average in the Bakken in 2019. Most of that’s in the form of higher labor cost, but having said, we’re confident that with the combination of the performance-based service contracts we've established with our suppliers or many of our suppliers and our lean-manufacturing capabilities we will be able to cover all of that inflation. So, from a well cost guidance standpoint, we're very confident we’ll deliver what we promised, in spite of the inflation.
John Hess: So, in the fourth quarter it was 13 were plug-and-perf that came online and as we said basically going forward, it’s almost 100%. We could have had some carryover sliding sleeves being coming online, but really all our program is plug-and-perf. I’ll turn it over to Greg on performance in the plug-and-perf.
John Hess: Now there has been some minor weather impacts. You know, it’s extremely cold. So, the polar vortex is alive and well in North Dakota just like the rest of the nation, but we expect to recover from all that as normal.
John Hess: Well, I think, you know the purpose of the testing program, the primary purpose is always to establish reservoir continuity. So, is there compartmentalization or anything like that going on so far. All of our drill stem tests have indicated very good reservoir continuity everywhere we go. So, that’s important as you think about vessels 4 and 5 to have some tests under your belt to understand how many wells will it take to evacuate those reservoirs. So that will be the purpose again, if looking at 4 and 5 and the majority of the testing will be dedicated to that or new discoveries that we would like to get drill stem testing, while we’re there.
John Hess: Yes. So, if you think about the 160 wells online that we're going to drill, about 45 of those would be in Keene, about 30 or more be in Stony Creek, 40 or so will be in East Nesson, and then 20 will be in the Beaver Lodge, kind of [cap area], and then we have another 25 miscellaneous wells that are really spread out to try different loadings etcetera. So, kind of test wells in other parts of the field.
John Hess: Yes. I think so. You know those 25 wells, we’re going to be about 11 in Goliath and 14 in Red Sky. So, really that as you kind of move out, how do we think about profit loading and potentially even spacing in those areas of the field. So, we want to get some of that experience under our belt this year. But if you look at the program for this year, the IP 180's are going to average 120 to 125. And certainly, the EURs will be well north of 1 million barrels for the program. So, good healthy program and returns in the 50% to 100% range.
John Hess: Let’s handle it two ways. With the recent no-confidence vote in elections still being scheduled, there is absolutely no impacts to our exploration or development activities. Liza Phase 1 remains on track to achieve first oil in early 2020. And we also expect Liza Phase 2 to start up by mid-2022. The government on the final approval on plan of development it’s just a question of getting a third-party engineering firm in place, which is underway to work with ExxonMobil to basically vet the details of the plan of development and we anticipate getting that in the first quarter and moving forward, but I think the important thing there Bob is that – all steam ahead.
John Hess: Yes. So, I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, you know the cadence of when the vessel will show up and whatnot, we’re on schedule to do that, so there are no issues foreseen yet. We are on schedule to get the vessel on location. I think the next key thing to watch is all of the surf activities that really start in the second quarter in Guyana. So, those are key activities, but we are – based on the project progress to date, we are on schedule to deliver oil in early 2020. Then you will ramp those wells up over a 4-month to 6-month period so it won't be an instantaneous ramp. The reason for that is you will bring them on flow just to make sure that you don't have any say in control issues. So, there will be a ramp of 4-months to 6-months, according to the operator.
John Hess: And I think it’s important to know that the structure we’d use would be similar where we protect the downside, but we don't cap the upside.
John Hess: Yes. So, you know that both major parties, the current ruling party, as well as the opposition party have stated that they are supportive of the development and have consistently stated their intention to honor our PSCR contract.
John Hess: Drilling and development operations in offshore Guyana are unaffected by the incident that involved the seismic acquisition vessels on Saturday, December 22 when the vessels were approached by the Venezuelan Navy. The area where the incident occurred is more than 110 kilometers from the Ranger discovery, the closest of our 10 oil discoveries, and approximately 190 kilometers from the Liza development area. So, the point is, our drilling and development operations in offshore Guyana are unaffected by that incident. And I think it’s also important to know that exploration and development drilling is continuing in the Southeast area of the Stabroek Block. Greg just talked about that. The activities related to Liza Phase 1 development, which is expected to be producing up to 120,000 barrels oil a day in early 2020 also unaffected. And in terms of where it goes from here, it will be going to an international court. The UN fully supports Guyanese position. The United States supports the Guyanese position, as well as the CARICOM. So, this is an issue that is diplomatic that will have to be handled through the court, but at the end of the day we're very optimistic and encouraged that the Guyanese position will prevail.
John Hess: So, what we have right now is approximately 50,000 barrels a day that goes on DAPL. So that can get to Patoka, it can get to [Netherland], you can export from there. Then we have approximately from the rail that can go east, west or Gulf Coast. You've got like 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day on rail that we can move. So that's basically how we get to the Gulf – to the various coasts and get the Brent-link pricing.  And we will – there are multiple potential expansions going out such as DAPL and we'll continue to look to keep that competitive advantage as our Bakken production grows to again access more of those Gulf – I keep saying Gulf, but coast pricing to get Brent-link pricing on our crude. So, we are looking at some of these expansions such as DAPL.
John Hess: No, we don't anticipate any gas flaring restrictions as we ramp our volumes. We have adequate capacity in place.
