John B. Hess: Yeah, Doug, you know the sale process for our Denmark assets is ongoing. So I can't say more than that right now. And while we obviously can't comment specifically on the Total-Marathon transaction, in the normal course of business, we're always looking to high-grade and optimize our portfolio. So that's what we'd like to say on Libya, and for that matter on the Utica.
John B. Hess: Right now, it's really timing. I mean we were early in the year that always happens with our CapEx program. And as you know, as Greg mentioned, so as we move through the year we're bringing in a fifth rig into the Bakken in the third quarter and then the sixth six rig in the fourth quarter. And then also now, as Greg mentioned, we are going to have two rigs running in Guyana. So, there is as we move through the year was kind of more back-ended on the CapEx. So, again, everything is going with the execution and the CapEx plan is going really well. But at this point, I would still tell you 2.1 (33:23) for the year.
John B. Hess: Look we're always looking to optimize our portfolio. Having said that anything that we could potentially acquire would have to compete with a high return projects we already have secured in our portfolio between the Bakken and Guyana. And thus far we haven't seen any package in the market that would compete favorably in terms of what we have already under our feet.
John B. Hess: And Brian in terms of the cost trends in the Bakken, you know cost trends are expected to increase anywhere from 5% to 15% versus last year depending on which commodity line you're talking about. But we've taken steps to contain those costs by locking in rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, and forming strategic partnerships with our key suppliers. So, the steps we've taken coupled with our lean manufacturing approach, we're pretty confident that we can deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation.
John B. Hess: Yeah, right now, obviously, we're keeping the downside protection. But we felt it is prudent in the current oil environment to buy those collars back. John can talk further on the cost of that. So, we will benefit and our shareholders will benefit in the higher oil price environment that we're in. And again, our priority number one, two and three is to fund Guyana and future capital requirements not just for FPSO-1 but FPSO-2 and also the engineering for FPSO-3, continue the exploration and appraisal program and in that – and move up to six rigs in the Bakken, in that it's really important and we've talked about this before to keep a strong balance sheet and cash position. So you know, incremental cash right now will just be keeping that balance sheet strong for the funding requirements that we see going forward. In terms of any further share repurchases to be contemplated, one let's finish the $1.5 billion program we have which we will do this year, and two, as we look into next year, we'll see where our capital requirements are specifically on Guyana and we'll see where the oil prices and at that time we can give consideration to further return of capital to shareholders. John, you might want to talk about the other.
John B. Hess: And, I can add just from a cost standpoint, because that is some of the benefits of drilling exploration wells in Guyana, just that typical exploration well there is our gross well cost is around $50 million, so net to us is about $15 million. So that's kind of a typical exploration well there.
John B. Hess: Sure. So, the way as we mentioned in the scripts earlier, Phase 1 Exxon is planning to bring on by 2020. When that production comes on, we're beginning to pick up significant cash flow, but Guyana itself is going to be still maybe more in a breakeven to maybe a slight deficit as we go forward with Phase 2 and Phase 3 capital. Then what happens when Phase 2 comes on and remember that's a bigger FPSO 220,000 barrels per day, when that comes on and let's just say it's two years for now somewhere mid-ish 2022, just for an assumption standpoint. Guyana begins to throw off significant free cash flow at that point in time. So, our production with our 30% share in there gets over 100,000 barrels a day once that ship comes on in Guyana, then basically that supports all future capital in Guyana once the Phase 2 production comes on.
John B. Hess: Sure. So, what we have in the first quarter, let me just first talk about kind of, if you want to call it normal, but still non-recurring type pulls on working capital in the first quarter. So, as we said, there was a reduction in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. What happens in the first quarter, typically most companies, we're paying our bonuses in the first quarter. So, you're accruing through the year and then you're paying that bonus. So, you have that always in the first quarter. And then in our first and third quarters is where we pay basically semi-annually then the interest payments on our public bonds. So typically, you'll see a type of working capital pull for interest payments in our first and third quarter. Then the other one now, this is not recurring, I mentioned earlier was, we bought our call options on the WTI, so that was approximately $50 million. That will not recur. And then the only other thing I need to remind everyone on is, is we are still going through kind of the remnants of our portfolio reshaping, and we are going through a cost reduction program. So for example, we have that severance, we will be then paying severance off in the remainder of the year. So, you're going to see still some remnants of that portfolio reshaping and that's why I like to say, as I mentioned earlier, by the fourth quarter, we'll have gotten through our cost reduction program and all that benefits will begin to be shown through as you see in the fourth quarter and then into 2019. So again, nothing unusual except for really the buyout of the WTI call options and then further transition costs you may see through the year.
John B. Hess: Okay. So, on the first question, we don't have any issue with the flaring regulations coming up, we're set up well for that, why? Because we have 250 million cubic feet capacity at Tioga Gas Plant that can be expanded to 300 million cubic feet for very little capital, we won't need that this year but that's certainly an option out in the future. Q1 processing volumes are 214 million cubic feet, so you can see that we've got, we've got room to go there. And then secondly, thinking ahead we're adding a 100 million cubic feet of net capacity south of the river at the Targa JV that are Midstream announced. So because of those reasons we'll be set up – we'll be set up well for handling any flaring constraints. And your second question...
John B. Hess: Yes, our current forecast is to have 23 wells online in the second quarter versus 13 wells in the first quarter.
John P. Rielly: No, not at this point. So, we are still putting together the assets that will be dropped and will be working with our partner GIP. And I'll have to give guidance on that a little bit later in the year, Doug.
John P. Rielly: Sure. Brian I'll start on the cost reduction program, it is going along according to our plan. I mean you could see from the – as a milestone we did have the severance charge in the first quarter. As I mentioned the – from a head count standpoint there's approximately 400 employees and contractors affected by the reduction in force. Now not all, it's a little bit above 65% of those employees have left the company in the first quarter. And so there will continue to be reductions in force as we move through the year. As far as other aspects of our plan I mean we're starting here in the first quarter and what I would tell you with our plan we expect to have everything done by the fourth quarter. And then in the fourth quarter combined with the Enchilada field, the Conger coming back online and our increase in the Bakken you should begin to see the effects of our $150 million cost reduction program as well as the investments in our higher return assets driving our costs lower.
John P. Rielly: Sure, on cost of the buying out the call options, it was approximately $50 million. Now in my guidance that I gave that is reflected in the amortization of the premiums on our hedge contract. So as I mentioned, so for the next three quarters of 2018, the results will be reduced by $45 million a quarter due to the buyout of those call options.
John P. Rielly: So from the guidance that we gave you remember Paul, since we're giving the guidance ex-Libya on there. So, if you're looking at actual costs that we had in the first quarter going into our second quarter guidance, so without Libya, right, our production is going to be lower, our cash costs are going to be lower and our DD&A. I'm sorry our cash costs will be higher and our DD&A will be higher and then our tax rate will be lower. So, there's really no change if you want to say quarter-on-quarter for the DD&A. It's just from a guidance purposes, we don't have Libya in there.
John P. Rielly: So that you could add about – yes, you can add about a $1.50 to the DD&A rate and you can add about $1 to the cash cost.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. I think you know as I said before that, here the cost trends are expected to increase 5% to 15% depending on the commodity line. You're talking about on the upper end would be the pumping services, on the lower end it would be the sand and kind of other commodities. So – but again with the steps we've taken by locking in the rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, forming the strategic partnership with our key suppliers and lean manufacturing. We think that, we can execute our 2018 program with relatively minimal inflation.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. So, I think as we said the instantaneous rate that was off at the end of year was 30,000 barrels a day after that came on in the first quarter, in March the other half we're projecting to be on by the start of the fourth quarter. The operator is still forecasting kind of June, July sort of a timeframe, so yes, there could be a little bit of upside, but obviously that depends on weather and all kinds of factor. So, we've got a little bit more conservatism built-in given it's a brownfield project, and we'll just see kind of where we end up.
John P. Rielly: Yeah, it's definitely within the budgeted expectations, and yes, it is a different play type, it's onlapping sediments on to a carbonate shelf margin, so.
John P. Rielly: Our plan is that, we can fund, so we set up through our asset sale program that we pre-funded Guyana. So, we do not intend to go to the debt markets for any additional requirements for Guyana or for anything else that we have. So, we're set up from a pre-funded standpoint. So, you could expect our debt level to stay where it is after we finish our debt reduction initiative.
John P. Rielly: This is – John Hess mentioned earlier. So, what we'll do is, as we finish out this debt reduction plan, the $500 million and our stock buyback of $1.5 billion, as we'll finish that out. Again, our priorities are to make sure that we have Guyana pre-funded, because that's truly transformational. And then maintain a strong balance sheet. So, we want to be investment grade, maintain that investment grade, balance sheet, and then excess cash beyond that, we will be considering for stock buybacks or debt buybacks at that time.
John P. Rielly: So, we will be you know we continue to look at our hedging program. We've made some changes as you know in 2018. As of right now, we don't have any hedges on in 2019. We're continuing to look at it. Obviously, the curve is a bit backward dated and when you're this far from 2019, it is expensive on that time value with the volatility. So, at this point, we haven't had anything, but we'll continue to look at that. And then, obviously, as we continue move up as Greg was saying with the Bakken increase in production, production increase in next year, we don't have as much of a cash deficit as you move into 2019 and we don't have a funding deficit at all because of the asset sales. So any hedging we probably do would not be at the same level we did in 2018, but we'll continue to look at putting hedges on in 2019.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Doug, thanks. I think the only thing we can say about Sorubim, right now is that well operations are still underway. And as I said in my opening remarks, following Sorubim that Bob Douglass is going to move and start drilling those development wells for Phase 1. And then again, just to remind, everyone, we also have operations going on in Liza-5. Liza-5 has been logged, cored and is currently undergoing a drill stem test, so that's sort of where we are on the block in terms of exploration and appraisal right now.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, Bob. In terms of the cost first, we're early in this process and costs are running between $6.5 million and $7 million for those 200-stage, 8.5 million pound proppant wells. But, we believe that's going to come down as we apply lean manufacturing just like we did with sliding sleeves. As we apply lean manufacturing to that process, we know that we'll be able to bring those costs down. As I said in my opening remarks, we really don't have any wells that we have plug-and-perf. We have seven online right now, but we don't have any that are past their IP90 dates. So, it's a little bit premature. The results are encouraging, but it's premature because we just don't have a statistical enough sample yet to be definitive about what the uplift is. It's positive, but I don't want to get specific beyond that. Now, our plans are because of the encouraging results, we are going to complete 40 plug-and-perfs this year and we'll have 25 wells online by year-end. And as I also said in my opening remarks that data was going to be critical for the study that we're conducting on the Bakken, which is really designed to, on a go-forward basis, determine what now is the optimum methodology to use for each area of the field as we think about further development of the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think in the Bakken the performance just continues to get bigger and better with the improvements we're making in completion design. I will say for us because we drill half of the DSU at a time, we actually have no parent-child relationship because what we'll do is we'll go and we'll drill half of the 1280 acres and then maybe 12 months to 18 months later, we'll come back and drill the other half of the 1280 acres. So that really minimizes any interference at all. So, there's no impact to us.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, first of all, on the cost trends, Paul, thanks for the question. As I responded to the last person, you know, we do expect the cost trends they increased by some 5% to 15%, very different than the Permian simply because if you look at the rate of growth of rigs in the Bakken it's much smaller than it is in the Permian. So, it's kind of onesie, twosie I say, people growing by one or two rigs. So, the rate of increase is not substantial. Now, we've taken a lot of steps to contain those costs by locking in some rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, forming strategic partners with our key suppliers. And we're pretty confident that the steps we've taken and our lean manufacturing approach is going to enable us to deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation. There'll be some but it'll be minimal, we think we can cover most of that. So very different than the Permian. Regarding the 175,000 barrels of oil a day in 2021 that's the only assumption in there is that we maintain six rigs for the next couple of years to get us to the 175,000 barrels of oil a day.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, I think at this point the 175,000 barrels of oil a day is appears to be the sweet spot. Then we can maintain that for several years in the Bakken and of course, that's a combination of infrastructure build out and whatnot. And that's why the 175,000 barrels of oil a day appears to be a sweet spot. The only caveat I will put on that is we are conducting this comprehensive Bakken study this year and so depending on the outcomes of that study that could dictate how long you hold that peak, how fast you get there are some other factors. So that's the only caveat I'd put on that.
Gregory P. Hill: Not. Certainly, it hasn't affected us at all and that's all that I'm concerned about, is that it doesn't affect us.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Thanks for the question. A couple of comments. First of all that, the first quarter was strong and that was mainly driven by drilling wells in Keene, which is really our best area of the field. So that mix changes as you go throughout the year, but Keene performed particularly well during the first quarter and in our Investor pack, we show the IP180s in Keene and Stony Creek and East Nesson and Capa. And we've said, those IPs are north of 100,000 barrels, IP180s north of 100,000 barrels. Keene is coming exceptionally strong. So, if you weight average that and assume that Keene is going to continue to perform, our IP180s for the year will actually be some 15% to 20% higher than what's in our current investor pack. And that's a step-up from last year as we said of 10% to 15%. So yes, there's upside, driven mainly by Keene. If you look at East Nesson South, Stony Creek and Capa, they're coming in at about where we expected, but Keene has really outperformed. So very strong performance from Keene. As I said, the plug-and-perf wells, we just don't have enough to be statistically significant. There's only seven online, none of which have gone beyond IP90. So, it's just early days on that. But, it is encouraging. So, there is a little bit of additional volume associated with those plug-and-perf wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Great. Thanks for the question, Pavel. The Deepwater offshore market continues to be oversupplied given the extended period of low activity that John talked about in his opening remarks. And as a result, we expect to see minimal if any cost inflation. In terms of Guyana Phase 2 versus Phase 1, costs are coming in lower, actually lower than for Phase 1 for most of the commodity line. So again, you're seeing that continue to oversupply reflect itself in Guyana Phase 2 as well.
Gregory P. Hill: On the dividend itself, that we want to see us being cash flow generative with our current capital requirements and our current dividend on a recurring basis for us to consider going up on that. We're not quite there yet. Obviously 2020, we start seeing our company being cash flow generative in a $50 world on a recurring basis. So, at that time, we can consider what's the best way to enhance return of capital to shareholders. And obviously, I talked earlier about how we're thinking about next year in terms of capital through share repurchases based upon funding Guyana, and keeping a strong balance sheet and cash position for future Phase of Guyana. And obviously, the oil price environment. So that sort of how we think about return of capital.
Gregory P. Hill: So again, yeah we are taking the rig count up. We'll add a fifth rig in third quarter and a sixth rig in fourth quarter. So that's true our actual wells online will go up in 2019 relative to 2018.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think you know again, thinking about where we are on the road to 175,000 BOE in 2021, you're right the rate of increase will go up in 2019 as a result of that higher number of wells online.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So I think, it's the right time to do the study in the Bakken because the Bakken is at an inflection point. We're adding rig count. We're changing, potentially changing methodology on completion type. And so, it's a good time just to step back and say, okay given that plug-and-perf looks like it's coming into the mix, how do we think about our development methodologies for various parts of the field. What's that mean for the core? What's that mean for outside the core? What's that mean for well spacing? Does that change our thinking on well spacing? All of these factors are going to go into this study to really define in the back-half of the year what is our revised development methodology going forward in the Bakken. So it's really a good time to do it, because we have more DSUs in the core than anyone else, we're stepping up the rig count, so it's time to just step back and really think thoughtfully where – how we want to take this asset forward.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, it will be, I think we've talked about in Investor Day, fourth quarter of the year, we'd obviously share our result for that in the Investor Day.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, again it's early in the air and Keene did outperform. And if you look at our programs of the 95 wells that we've guided to be online this year, 40 of those wells are in Keene, 25 of those are in Stony Creek, 20 are in East Nesson South and 10 are in Capa. And if you look at our investor presentation we actually showed the EURs in the IP180s for each of those areas. As I said Stony Creek, East Nesson South and Capa are coming in at about what we expected. But Keene is one that's really so far outperforming this year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think, John, thanks for the question. I think all of that is part of what the study will look at. As you know, we've been developing the Bakken on very tight spacing and so fracture geometry control is really, really important given that you're on tight spacing with limited entry plug-and-perf now, the methodology is such that you can get tighter fracture geometry control, but also a lot more entry points in the wellbore. So, if that's true that could affect your well spacing assumption, but way too early to predict what the outcome is going to be. That's one of the elements of the study that we'll be looking at. And it could vary depending on where you are on the field because obviously in the core you've got a lot more natural fracturing that's helping you out to get outside the core you don't have as much so all these things will be part of the study that we're looking at in the Bakken with the ultimate objective to maximize DSU and overall NPV for the Bakken asset.
Gregory P. Hill: Not really. No. I – and it – again it's – these wells are going to produce like gangbusters as you know just based on your look at the core. So, we weren't surprised by it and we're not particularly concerned about it.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So, the well did come on in March as planned and we're currently in ramp up operations on that well, just like Stampede wells, we're bringing these wells on slowly in the Miocene, adjusting the chokes slowly. That well is expected to be in the range of 5,000 barrels to 10,000 barrels a day once it gets to full choke.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So again, at this point we are just planning on the fifth rigs and sixth rigs being added in the second half of the year with where prices are even with prices lower the Bakken was going to be generating a little free cash flow in 2018 and that's again because when you bring on the fifth and sixth rigs you're really not getting any production from those rigs yet that goes into 2019. Then as we increase production, it was 1920, then getting up to the 175,000 barrels a day and obviously holding six rigs, the Bakken will generate significant cash flow. A lot in 2019 and even more in 2020 and 2021 and that that's says, we've always said in the near-term that's what's driving us to be able to be free cash flow positive at $50 Brent post 2020 and then it's when Guyana and really that Phase 2 comes in that really continues to drive up our free cash flow. So, at this point in time we – there's no plans to go above the six rigs or a 175,000 barrel at a target is on that six rigs. But as Greg said, we are looking, we're doing a study and we'll let you know, if we make any changes but at this point in time there is no change to our six rigs.
