Greg Hill: Thanks, Neil. Yes. Now, we’ve had a strong first quarter and we’re seeing market conditions favorable for oil right now. It is still our plan, our strategy, as Phase 2 comes on, and it’s a 220,000 barrel a day ship. So, we’ll get -- our entitlement there will significantly drive our cash flow inflection for us next year. And therefore, our debt-to-EBITDA will begin to get under 2, as we take that excess cash flow, then we have and pay down the term loan. So, the first thing that we’re going to do with excess cash flow is pay down the $1 billion term loan. Once we have that paid off and that increased EBITDA from Phase 2, we will be under 2 times debt-to-EBITDA for our balance sheet. And then, we’ll be in that position to start increasing returns to shareholders. And, we’ve been consistent about it. What the first thing we’ll do is increase our dividend. We’ll start to increase the dividends. And then, as our cash flow continues to grow, with Payara coming on and then Yellowtail, and as like we said, we expect now up to 10 FPSOs, we’ll have a significant cash flow growth, we’ll begin to do opportunistic share repurchases after the dividend increase.
Greg Hill: Yes. Sure. So, let me take it in two pieces. So first, let’s talk about the flash gas compressor. As John and I both mentioned in our opening remarks, we had a couple of days of downtime associated with that where production was curtailed for a couple of days. That flash gas compressor is now back in Houston, being torn down, looked at, with the expectation that it will be restored within the next three months, right? So, once that happens, then we’ll get back to that 120,000 barrels a day plus. So, say that’s July. Then, the next increment, as you mentioned, is the debottlenecking project, which now is going to occur in the fourth quarter. And that will take Liza Phase 1 up another incremental production. Now, they’re still in final engineering phase of that. So, I can’t give you an exact number as to what that’s going to be. But that will come in the fourth quarter. Also, in the fourth quarter, Exxon is going to replace the existing flash gas compressor with some of the components that have been redesigned. So, that shutdown in the fourth quarter, about 14 days, will accomplish those two things. It will be the debottlenecking and also the installation of a new redesigned flash gas compressor for Phase 1.
Greg Hill: Well, I mean, Doug, as you know, Payara does have a very extensive drilling and SURF program. In particular, the SURF requires three open water seasons, if you will, to get all that subsea kit in. So look, Payara is going well. There is still contingency built into the project, which I think is prudent at this point, given that significant amount of SURF work that has to be done. But ExxonMobil is executing extremely well. Hopefully, Payara will come on earlier in 2024. But, we’ll see, Doug. There’s a lot of work left to do yet.
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. So, again, Uaru-2 was a great result, right? We had high-quality oil sands, 120 feet. I think, the most significant part about Uaru was that it was 6.8 miles from Uaru-1, which demonstrates a very large areal extent for the Uaru reservoir itself. And as you said, we did discover a deeper zone. It’s in the lower part of the Campanian. And that does have read-through to other parts of the block. But certainly, the reason we didn’t call it the 19th discovery is in this particular location. It’s clearly not as significant as the other 18, right? But, it does have some read-through to other parts of the block.
Greg Hill: Yes. Jeanine, I think you could assume that there would be debottlenecking potential on all those ships. What typically happens is, you’ll bring these facilities up to their nameplate. And then, you gather a lot of dynamic data and you really need that data. So, you need fluids running through the facility at full capacity to determine where are my pinch points, where are my bottlenecks, and what can I do to increase that capacity? And that’s why you typically see these debottlenecking projects occur a year after that operating experience on the vessel, because the key piece of data that you have to have is the dynamic data of how is that vessel really operating under dynamic conditions, so. But, I think you can expect, every one of those will get debottlenecked above their nameplate in the future.
Greg Hill: So, let me take the second one first. So again, Paul, the engineering is still underway on Liza Phase 1 optimization project or debottlenecking. There’s nothing remarkable on it. It’s piping changes, et cetera, just to eliminate, reduce the friction basically flowing through the facility on the top sides. So, we can give more color as the engineering of that project gets done. Now, regarding the Bakken, again, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a cash engine. And so, as such, the decision to add any rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by corporate returns and corporate cash flow needs. Now, if prices remain strong in the second half of this year, we’re considering the addition of a third rig in the fourth quarter of 2021. And then, as you indicated, our medium-term or long-term objective, again going to be driven by returns and driven by corporate cash flow, would be to get the Bakken back to 200,000 barrels a day. That would probably require a fourth rig. And by doing so, at $60 WTI, the Bakken would be $1 billion a year free cash flow generator at 200,000 barrels a day. The other nice thing about the 200,000 barrels a day is it optimizes efficient use of the infrastructure that we have built up there. So, it’s sort of the ultimate sweet spot for the Bakken. But again, whether we add that fourth rig or the third rig is going to be driven by returns and corporate cash flow needs, because the role of the Bakken is to be a cash engine.
Greg Hill: Sure, Ryan. So, there’s really three objectives of the exploration appraisal program this year with the three drilling rigs. The first one is to appraise existing discoveries, and that’s really to underpin the fifth and the sixth ship in Guyana. So, Uaru was first cab off the rank, if you will; Longtail’s next; Turbot will be after that. We’ll also do Mako as well. So, we want to get those understood with appraisal wells and some DSTs to really inform where ship 5 and where ship 6 is going to go since Yellowtail is number 4. The second objective is to continue to explore the Campanian, to really fill out that patchwork quilt of prospectivity, if you will, between Turbot and Liza. And you’ll see in our investor pack, there was a number of polygons there that we’d like to get drilled this year as well. And then, the third objective was -- is, can we get some deeper penetrations in the Santonian. Certainly, the Santonian has the potential to be a very large addition to the recoverable resources in Guyana. And I’ll remind everyone, we’ve had four penetrations, coupled with Apache’s results, we see that as very positive. But, we’ve got a lot more drilling to do to understand it. And that is another key objective this year, to get some more penetrations in that so we can begin to piece the puzzle together on the Santonian.
Greg Hill: Absolutely. So, the Gulf of Mexico is like the Bakken, remains an important cash engine and a platform for higher return opportunities for Hess. So, our minimum objective is to hold it flat. And we have an inventory of tieback opportunities that we believe we can hold it flat in the short term, three to four years probably, once we get back to work with some of the tieback opportunities. First, these high-return opportunities, Llano-6, which we’re currently evaluating with Shell, and if we sanction that, it could quickly add production, with expected first oil four months from the spud. And then, we also have a large number of exploration blocks. So, during the downturn, as you recall, when everybody was focused on the Permian, we stayed focused on the offshore, and we acquired 60 new leases in the Gulf, existing leases, so they won’t be affected by the Biden moratorium potentially on new leases. And in that, we see some very good hub class opportunities as well, both in the Miocene and the emerging Cretaceous per foot [ph] play. So, we’d like to get back to work on a hub class opportunity. The first one is likely going to be a well called Heron, [ph] which is a very large Miocene opportunity. So, we’ve got the inventory to, as a minimum, hold it flat and then potentially even grow it. But like the Bakken, investment in the Gulf of Mexico is going to be a function of returns and cash flow needs of the corporation. But, we certainly got the inventory to do it and would like to get back to work as soon as we can.
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, on the Bakken, no, those wells -- let’s say, the last three years, we’ve been drilling the same types of wells really for the past three years. So, there’s no differences in, say, like shorter laterals or anything like that, so that the trajectory of well costs coming down is purely lean manufacturing and technology gains along the way. And so, the wells that we are drilling this year have been the same. They’ve been 1.2 million barrel recoverable IP 180s of about 120, which was the same as last year. And I think importantly, IRRs averaging nearly 90% at current oil prices. So, again, a great inventory. Got a lot of confidence on my team, just as we showed with plug and perf or sliding sleeve, we’re doing the same with plug and perf. Through lean manufacturing and technology, we just continue to drive those well costs down and improve productivity as well.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Bob, look, no, the Santonian really underlies the entire Liza complex. So, I don’t want to imply that that the southeast portion of the block is the best area for the Santonian. It really underlies all of the Campanian. Now, having said that, we need more penetrations to understand it. And we’ll get a number of penetrations this year through both ways that you suggested. One is through deepening deeper tails on Campanian exploration wells, but also some standalone Santonian penetrations as well. So, we’ll get a good sense, with the four that we have under our belt, coupled with Apache’s results, we’re pretty excited about the Santonian. But, we’ve just got more drilling to do. But again, the areal extent of the Santonian reservoir system is as big or bigger than the Liza complex. So, they’re -- I wouldn’t pick any area as being particularly the sweet spot yet.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, there will be -- Monroe, certainly in the early first part of the year, first half of the year, Longtail-3 will have a tail on it. That will dip down into the Santonian, and Whiptail will as well. So, recall Whiptail is kind of the next Campanian on exploration prospect in the queue right after Koebi. So, both of those will have Santonian tails on them. And then, there will be other ones in the second half of the year. We’re still trying to define the exact drilling order in the second half of the year. But, those are to be the first -- the next two.
John Hess: Yes. Great question, Neil. Thank you. A couple of points we’d like to make. Look, the world has two future challenges. One is how do we provide more energy supply, 20% more energy supply by 2040? And how do we get to net zero emissions by 2050? I think, the best resource to provide insights into these challenges is the world energy outlook of the International Energy Agency. And under their sustainable development scenario, which says that even if all the pledges of the Paris Climate Accord were met, oil and gas would still be 46% of the energy mix in 2040. So, it’s not just about climate literacy, it’s also about energy literacy. Oil and gas is still going to be needed 20 years out. The key to all of this, because none of us can call an oil price, there’s always going to be volatility, and some of the pressures you’re talking about obviously are going to be a factor in that, the key will be having a low-cost of supply. And we believe that we’re uniquely positioned in that regard with a growing resource, a low cost of supply, that positions our Company with a differentiated portfolio of assets that we have, with a growing resource at low cost of supply, to deliver sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth and financial returns for our shareholders. And when you talk about the longer term, I think it’s important to realize that Guyana isn’t as longer term. We’re bringing it forward almost every year. First in 2022 with Liza-2, then in 2024 with Payara, then Yellowtail in 2025. The payouts are very quick and the returns are very high. So, we are going to be bringing value forward, and you can look at a cadence most likely of bringing on one of these low-cost developments about every year thereafter. So, we are bringing the value forward. And with low cost of supply, we think we’re going to be uniquely positioned to provide sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth.
John Hess: The key is that the appraisal is very encouraging results. You have excellent reservoir characteristics. You have high-quality oil. And given that Uaru-1 versus Uaru-2 is 6.8 miles away, it shows the potential for large aerial extent of a highly-prolific high-quality reservoir.
John Hess: Yes. No, our strategy remains to be focused on growing our resource. The oil resource is going to be needed in the next 20 years. Key is having a low cost of supply. And putting ourselves in a position to generate sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth. That’s how we’re going to make -- maximize returns and value for our shareholders. Having said that, climate change is real, the greatest scientific challenge of the 21st century. I’d recommend everybody to read Bill Gates’ book, how do we avoid a climate disaster, because it really talks about the technological challenges ahead of us, the innovation needed. There are no easy answers. The energy transition is going to take a long time, costs a lot of money and need technological breakthroughs to be able to provide more energy to the world, as I talked about before, but also get on a track to net zero emissions, greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. And one way that we are going to lead in that and be part of that is obviously get our own carbon footprint down for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. The targets that we’ve set for 2025 actually get us on a trajectory better and superior to the OGCI or the oil industry standards that have been set, number one. And number two, we are looking at groundbreaking research, and we think nature offers that opportunity to really make a difference and the work we’re doing at Salk Institute, we’re very enthusiastic about where most people don’t realize, but there’s more carbon in the soil than there is in the atmosphere. And if we can figure out by supporting the great research at the Salk Institute to capture and store carbon in the soil at a much higher rate and a much higher density than currently is being done, that could be a potential game changer and contribute to getting us to net zero carbon emissions. So, we’re trying to play our role, but the first, second and third priority is to maximize value for our shareholders.
John Hess: No. The majority of our inventory, very high-return locations, really underpinning, if you assumed a four-rig program, a 15-year drilling inventory. That’s intact. This is the southern most part that, quite frankly, the returns there weren’t as attractive as our current inventory. It wasn’t accretive and strategic to Hess Midstream. So, I would say that was more of a one-off unique opportunity where we brought value forward. The rest of our acreage, we’re very excited to have. And again, as Greg said before, the key role of the Bakken is to generate cash flow and free cash flow for the Company. And we’re going to be guided by returns in terms of what our rig program is.
John Hess: Yes. Greg, I think it would be great if you would just talk about the role that the deepwater Gulf plays in terms of being a cash engine as well, but it does have some growth opportunities.
John Hess: Yes. And Bob, to your other point, we still see significant exploration prospectivity on this block as we drill more and get more seismic definition on drilling opportunities. Some of it’s going to be Campanian, some of it’s going to be Santonian, some of it’s going to be further out. Obviously, we have this aggressive and active program this year, there’s more to come. And our partner, ExxonMobil, I think, in their investor day, made it pretty clear that there’s potential to double the discovered resource on the block, and we would stand by that in terms of the exploration upside that still remains.
John Hess: Yes. Those formulas are mainly for shale producers, that’s more an assembly line of cash flow generation. We have sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth. So percentages I don’t think are as relevant to us. But what we’ve been very clear on, as we generate free cash, as John Rielly said, the first priority is to pay down the term loan. And then after that, the majority of our free cash flow will go back as cash returns to shareholders first, increasing the dividend and then opportunistic share repurchases. So, the word majority is the keyword there.
John Hess: Yes. Look, our exploration appraisal program this year is to really help define what the fifth ship will be and potentially the sixth ship in terms of development. And I think the cadence of about 1 ship a year is the one we’re aiming at in terms of design one, build many, being capital disciplined, bringing value forward. ExxonMobil, as Greg said before, is doing an outstanding job of project management on building these ships and bringing them into theater. Obviously debugging Liza 1, but we’ll benefit for Liza 2 in terms of that. And it’s basically this cadence of about one ship a year and the exploration appraisal program is to give definition to those future developments.
John Rielly: Right now, Exxon is in discussions with SBM. They’re having commercial discussions on the purchases of that. So, it is ongoing. The oil price itself doesn’t really have a factor in there, but they’re just -- they’re going through these discussions. We expect to have that information later in the year, and we’ll provide the guidance on the timing of the FPSO purchases when we get that information.
John Rielly: Yes. Sure. So first, I can just start with the way the POP contracts work. The amount for the full year in our guidance, you saw that it’s about a 7,000-barrel a day reduction from original guidance. Now, it’s a little higher in the first, second and third and a little bit lower in the fourth. So, we’re not hit with this high number on that POP in the fourth quarter. But yet, there is still impact on that. And originally, we were guiding at that 175. Now with the 170 to 175, that POP does have impact to it. And I’ll start with Greg. But, the well performance is good. The wells that we’re bringing on, we’re seeing very good initial production. We’re seeing better than expectations. Now, you got to remember, we had 12 on in the fourth quarter, only four in the first. We’re just beginning now to pick up from the second rig, and that will really pick up in the third and fourth quarter. So, we see the performance from those wells will pick that up and give us that ability to get back to that exit rate of 170 to 175. Greg, I don’t know if there’s anything you want to add.
John Rielly: Yes. You’re right. I mean, let alone our EBITDA is going to change, one from commodity prices, and two, as each FPSO comes on in Guyana, obviously, our EBITDA is going to jump with each ship coming on line. So, for us, what we did was set that 2 as kind of a max. And once we got to that net debt-to-EBITDA being under 2, that’s when we would start with the returns to shareholders. Now, we have no intention of increasing debt during that future time period, because now we’ll be generating free cash flow. So, what we will have with each ship coming on is the EBITDA goes up, debt to EBITDA is going to drive down and is going to drive under 1. So look, we’re going to have a very strong balance sheet and obviously be in a position beginning to increase dividends first, and then because of that free cash flow position, doing opportunistic share repurchases.
John Rielly: So, really short term, as we said, it is that 2 times. And then after that, it’s just going to be a function of our free cash flow driving it. So quite frankly, I’d love to have that, keep it underneath 1. And we have the portfolio to do it. We’re just unique. Each FPSO coming on, I mean, I’ll let you put your own Brent assumptions in there, but for the amount of production that we get all Brent-based production, we’re just going to have significant EBITDA growth. And therefore, that’s going to put our balance sheet in a very strong position. And so, we’d like to keep that debt-to-EBITDA very low from that standpoint. And what we do with that excess cash, as John said earlier, is we’ll return it to shareholders through dividend increases and share buybacks.
John Rielly: So, let me just do the first quarter first, and I’m going to give the normal recurring. And there were two nonrecurring things that offset each other. So, the basic driver of the $220 million draw was an increase in receivables of $150 million, which we’re happy to have. Obviously, oil prices going up. So, our receivables went up from that standpoint. And then, we did have -- you saw the lower cash cost, the lower capital numbers. So, we did have a reduction in payables of $70 million. So, that $150 million and $70 million was the draw in working capital. We did have two nonrecurring items. One was the -- as we increased the strike prices on our hedges, so we had premiums paid there, but we also had the reduction in inventory from our VLCC sales. So, they net against each other. So, as you move into the second quarter with receivables that should balance out now with the prices, now if prices continue to go up, you’ll still see that potential increase in receivables. And then, we should be building, as we mentioned in our guidance, on capital. So, I would expect the payables to be, let’s just call, flat. So, not forecasting a draw per se in the second quarter.
John Rielly: Then Roger, on the tax policy. So, it’s a little early for me to be able to comment on them because what -- from what’s been released, there’s more headlines and there’s just not that much detail on these areas. Now, to your point, we do have a significant net operating loss carryforward, which will mitigate the effects of increased tax rates or changes in depreciation method. So, we’ll just have to wait for more detail.
