Gregory Hill: Thanks, Doug. This is Greg Hill. First thing I want to do is just emphasize what John said. The results are preliminary on the well. Your next steps are to finish drilling the well, then evaluate all the data out of the well. So that includes wire line logs, MDT sample pods, et cetera, and then work with the government on the next step. So, Doug, it's just too early to speculate on how big what not. The thing I will say is it was a structural play, I mean that was the location that we picked, it was the structural play.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think on Egypt the prospect that we were targeting was oil in the Cretaceous and Nubian sandstone within a three-way closure. And that's a complex wristed system there. And frankly, the Nubian was just not present in the well. So while we experienced some gas shows through the Miocene, it was noncommercial. I think given this, Doug, we'll take a step back, we'll study all our results from the well and then figure out next step for the block, because there are a lot of additional prospects on the block. John mentioned in his remarks, the plan is to farm out the rig to another operator. So she'll be heading out of the Northern Red Sea.
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks, Paul. We've got about 1,100 feet to drill to TD. So we're currently at about 15 3, we're going down to 16 4. We've got at least another two weeks of drilling and logging to go before we'll be at bottom.
Gregory Hill: Yes, Paul, again, it's still pretty early in the Eagle Ford. So until we get the wells on production and CIP rates and all that, I can't really talk about resource estimates. I will say again, the logs have been very encouraging. And as far as the wells we have drilled, they've cost us on average about $10 million including hookup costs. That's a round number for what they're going to cost.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I would compliment that. Just -- you're absolutely right. From a degree day perspective, our sales were very comparable on gas, good electric margins as well, and oil held its own. Even though more of it was gas-driven. So I'd say on an operating basis, you're 100% right. It was very comparable. There are just a few the accounting adjustments on timing in there that mismatched the, if you will, economic results with the accounting results. That happens from quarter-to-quarter. But operationally, it was very comparable to the year ago.
Gregory Hill: It's too early to say, Paul. I mean, obviously, our plans have to be worked with the government. So we'll be in conversations with the government over the next month, month and a half to figure out next steps.
Gregory Hill: Yes, the two horizons that we did in Ghana that John mentioned in his opening remarks over the Turonian and the Cenomanian. And then we're deepening ourselves to try and tap into the Albian below that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, Mark, surprised to say that the wells that we have drilled on the new acreage have met or exceeded our expectations. Just let me give you an update, just on kind of the costs in the Bakken right now. Single laterals are about $7.5 million. EURs are averaging about 550,000 barrels per lateral. And our 30-day average IP rates are averaging between 700 and 750 barrels a day per lateral. So those are from 18 to 22 stage frac wells.
Gregory Hill: No. We really have no information where we could give you a meaningful update at this time. And that's, I think, pretty understandable given the civil strife that's going on there.
Gregory Hill: Thanks, Ed. No, we just can't yet. It's just, again, it's too preliminary to be talking about size. On Ghana obviously, that'll part of any evaluation program or appraisal program which we'll have to discuss with the government before we proceed.
Gregory Hill: Yes, that's the sedimentary section of the Albian. There's a carbonate section below that, which we don't plan to drill into at this point.
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks, Ed. Just give to you an update on the Australia. We've completed and praised the work on three wells now. And we're drilling a fourth appraisal well. And we've had good results of the appraisal program so far. So what I mean by that, no contaminants in the gas and good flow rates from the wells. And in parallel, of course, as I've discussed before, we've got negotiations with several potential liquefaction partners and we've made no decisions on where that gas is going to go yet because we're still in the midst of all the commercial discussions. And once we complete the appraisal drilling and finalize the liquefaction route, then we'll announce further details.
Gregory Hill: It's too early to say. Appraisal will take us through this year because we've had weather impacts due to cyclones. It's been a tough cyclone year down there.
Gregory Hill: Yes, let me talk about the equipment. We're locked and loaded, ready to go. So we've got our 18 rigs secured. Recall, we had the 10 rigs already under a 5-year contract along with associate [ph] crews. We're currently in the tender rounds for the majority of the AOG and tracker rigs. Don't foresee any issues or problems there. In terms of differentials, it was clear booked $3 under WTI. Now $3 over WTI.
Gregory Hill: No, there's actually two plays there, Mark. One is this Nubian sandstone, the other one is Miocene sandstone. Although, there's two distinct plays, our second well was going to be in that second type of play which was the Miocene play. We've just said, "Let's circle the wagon. Let's understand all the data from the well before we proceed on another well."
Gregory Hill: Initially the unit train, the train will go to St. James and we do not --best of my knowledge anticipate any problems on that timing.
John Hess: We don't know yet, Doug. We're just getting -- we're just literally pulling the sample pods last night.
John Hess: Okay. So let me talk to the Bakken first. So the Bakken is proceeding as planned. As John mentioned, we have an 18-rig program. We expect to average 40,000 barrels a day this year. And as John did mention in his opening remarks, the primary objective is HBB to get that new acreage help by production. So therefore, for the next 18 months, Doug, our program is going to be primarily single laterals with those 18 rigs. Your question on the Eagle Ford, we got seven wells down. We're pleased with the results. We have a couple wells completed. They won't be on production until early May. So we don't have any production results yet, but the logs are encouraging.
John Hess: No. I would say look forward to the next quarter. There were a couple of issues. We had a distillate desulfurizer that had a fire. That was out of capacity. We had one or two problems with sulfur units. So we also had the transition of the reductions in workforce and capital programs going forward. So hopefully starting in the second quarter, we'll be smoother sailing.
John Hess: Those are a couple of marginal stations. And just like in Exploration and Production, we upgrade our portfolio from time to time. There's some pruning going on in our Retail business and that's the normal course of activity.
John Hess: We're going to start in small pieces. So I would rather get a little experience under our belt before we start making estimates for that, Paul. I understand why you're asking, were just happy that we're going to have a third outlet. So we're going to be able to optimize our marketing differentials because of that.
John Rielly: It's still a little early in the year. I mean, as you could see, you're saying -- running behind guidance but it's really kind of in accordance with our plan. And there were some ramping up as we go through the year. So typically as usual, we'll update guidance on our next quarter conference call.
John Rielly: What we'll do, Paul is -- I mean it's a typical portfolio pruning [ph], we'll look at what assets that may fit with other's portfolio as compared to ours. The things that you may have heard or have been announced in the marketplace besides our U.K. gas assets down the first quarter is we have come to an agreement on Cook and McCour [ph] in the U.K. And also we have a small interest in the Snorfield [ph], which we've also come to an agreement on selling. At this point right now, that's all we have on our plate.
John Rielly: The amount of capital in Libya really is just not that significant that we have been planning in the budget. So again, there will be ins and outs in our CapEx budget program, but Libya was not a big piece of it.
John Rielly: The insight I can give you is really in the first quarter of last year. There were some very good spot margin opportunities kind of that we had with Energy Marketing. And so we were able to take advantage of certain activities there in the first quarter of last year. And we're kind of unique to that quarter versus this quarter. As John has mentioned, it was a solid operating performance from Energy Marketing, pretty much in line what we're looking at. But we had just some higher margin in the first quarter of last year.
John Rielly: Mark, I think you said it, it does come down the mix. So while we do operate in some higher tax rate regimes, as you mentioned, we do also operate a number of regimes that the tax rates below our overall effective rate. And so basically without Libya, which was driving that rate up, our tax rate comes down.
John Rielly: Sure. So I'm just taking Libya out of the picture. We were over-lifted by approximately 1 million barrels in the first quarter. And the primary contributors were the U.K., Norway and Denmark.
John Rielly: Yes. Thanks for that Pavel. The rig is showing up late for Murphy. So that's the only issue. We are just waiting on the rig for Murphy. In May, early June is our projected date at this point.
John Rielly: It's not going to be that material. But we're still working on the numbers, we're looking at the legislation. So we'll update you in the second quarter. From an operational standpoint, the tax is included in that tax rate guidance that I gave you.
