John Rielly: Sure Doug thanks for the question. I guess what I want to start with is, is our cash position. So, if you look at September 30th, we have approximately $1.3 billion of cash. And as we mentioned, we have this Shenzi sale closing in the fourth quarter. So, let me just use round numbers. If you take that $1.3 billion and yet the Shenzi sale $500 million to it, on a pro forma basis, it gets you up to about $1.8 billion of cash. The next thing above and beyond what our cash flow from operations will be generating over the over the next couple of quarters is the VLCC transactions. So, we have not received any of that cash right now. And so we have over 6 million barrels that we will be receiving cash for as these VLCC transactions close. One we've already closed. So, we have that cash in October for that. The other two, as we said, closed around the end of the year. So, we'll probably get that early next year. But if you take that 6 million barrels times current prices, I'll just round it down even and say its $200 million. Therefore, you go from the $1.3 billion plus the $500 million of Shenzi, plus that $200 million, we essentially have $2 billion on a pro forma basis of cash. So, that's the first thing I think to start with. We've really put ourselves in a position with that Shenzi sale and the VLCC transactions actually act as a hedge here as we move into this next year with this low price environment. So, starting with that $2 billion, the next thing, as you mentioned, was just a look at our quarter and our cash flow. So, after working capital, we had that reduction from working capital $332 million and if I can just again use round numbers, about half of that is due to the VLCC transactions, we've got receivable on the books, plus the inventory built from the crude oil going on the ships, that's just going to reverse naturally, as I said over the next two quarters. The other thing that we have in there is a reduction of payables. And it's really just reducing operating activity levels. CapEx is coming down; all their costs are coming down as we reduce activity and now we're getting to a point where it's stabilizing, right, our capital levels you saw for the quarter down to $331 million in the third quarter. So, we'll be stabilizing. So, we won't be having those pulls. And if prices do come back at some point and activity levels, which they will increase at that point, we'll actually get some inflow from working capital. It's just how it works. When that activity levels come down, you get a pull and when activity levels go up, you begin to get an inflow. So, if you actually looked at our cash flow from operations, we had $468 million there and on a cash flow statement, you see the outflow for capital was $426 million. So, except for that temporary increase from the working capital, we actually exceeded our cash flow, exceeded our capital, and basically, if you didn't have that working capital pull, we'd be kind of on a cash flow breakeven for the quarter. So, again, as we move forward, we're continuing to focus on reducing capital and reducing costs and doing everything we can and getting our cash balance to a point that we can withstand this low prices. And like I said, we're in a position even in this low price environment to fund all the way through to Phase 2 when we get 60,000 barrels a day approximately of Brent-base production, coming into and generating cash flow for the corporation.
John Rielly: Sure. So, Arun, as you know, as I said, the net development costs for Hess is $1.8 billion. So, when you gross that up, it's approximately $6 billion. We do have contingencies in our numbers for that it's set especially fairly high contingencies early in the process. And it comes to that $6 billion on a gross up basis and the one thing you also have to add when you're doing the F&D is the ultimate purchase costs from the FPSO. We did not include that in our numbers, because that's still -- the timing of that is being evaluated and the cost gets lower as you move out in time. So, we don't know what that is. Exxon, in its Phase 2 release had the FPSO at approximately $1.6 billion, that's what they disclose for Phase 2, we expect it to be lower with synergies. So, if I round that it's $1.5 billion. So, you get about $7.5 billion there. And then we do have some pre-sanction costs to add and I know Exxon has got some additional contingencies beyond that, but Exxon is -- we're really happy with them as an operator, they've been performing great. And as part of that performance, they have been coming in under budget. So, what I was saying from that the other thing that I want to add with Payara is all the costs and the contingencies that we have in our numbers and the pre-sanction costs and the expected FPSO cost is in that calculation for the $32 Brent breakeven. So, this truly is a world-class asset and adds to obviously, there will be the third project in Guyana. And we're looking forward to doing the next project after that, well looks like it's going to be the greater Yellowtail area and based on early drilling size that we see there, we actually expect those costs to be lower than Payara and probably the breakeven, therefore will come between $25 and $32 for the for the greater Yellowtail area.
John Rielly: Okay, so at our -- at the current date right now, and Exxon on behalf of the of the group is discussing with SBM, the date -- the timing of purchasing all the FPSOs and that would be Liza Phase 1, Phase 1 and Payara. So, as of right now, we do not expect any cost for purchase cost for Liza Phase 1 in 2021. But again, the timing -- unfortunately, I can't really go much beyond that, that timing is still being discussed. And part of the discussion is moving out some of the timing of the purchase of those FPSOs. But nothing has been decided at this point. But right now for 2021, it is not expected to have any purchase costs in it.
John Rielly: Okay, so depending on timing, it can vary. The earlier on, it could be somewhere closer to $300 million -- still under $300 million and then it will decrease as you move out in time.
John Rielly: And obviously, Greg gave great context and Brian, obviously we wanted our investors to know, there is still tremendous potential here as Greg is talking about, but a lot more work needs to be done in terms of exploration and appraisal to inform the specifics of the size of the ships, the timing of the ships, but generally speaking, one a year is a good estimate to think about, but the most important thing is we need to work with the government, and we need to work with our partners. So, it's still early days, but we want people to realize in 2018, I think the resource estimate was 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent and that's when we talked at least 5 ships and at least 750,000 barrels a day. So, we wanted investors to get an update of what the potential number of ships could be based upon the resource upgrade that we're giving. So a lot more work needs to be done, but it's obviously very exciting.
John Rielly: Sure. So, let me start with the capital. What we see now. I mean, obviously, we're still going through our budget process and we'll give our final guidance on our January call, but we see 2021 capital being comparable to 2020 as we move forward and basically, you have Bakken because we went from six rigs to one, their capital coming down and then with our Payara sanction adding some additional rigs next year for development and exploration that Guyana's capital is going up. So, those are the two big movements, but we see it as being comparable and Brian, I get asked a lot on with the lower capital, 40% down this year, these maintenance capital levels and it is not actually because what happens from our standpoint, if we stay at one rig, there will be some declines in the Bakken and if we don't do you tieback wells in the Gulf of Mexico, we will get some decline there. But this is the uniqueness of Guyana, right. When we bring on Phase 2, it's again approximately 60,000 barrels a day Brent equivalent type pricing for that production. So, we're picking up 60,000 barrels a day there that offsets the declines in Bakken and Gulf of Mexico. Then you have Payara 2024 and then as both John and Greg, we're saying we're kind of on pace for one a year, as you go after that. So, we can continue to actually grow at these lower capital levels. If Southeast Asia stays flat at that $150 million to $200 million type level of capital. So, we can have that about 65,000 barrels a day. So, actually our maintenance capital levels would be a good bit lower than where we are at this lower level. So, again, its uniqueness we can grow and it's just because Guyana's returns and the profile of it are so good that we can grow and generate free cash flow, because of the low-cost nature of these developments, the low breakeven. Sorry, I think you did -- you had one other question about hedging, so just to get to your hedging question. So, obviously, we continue to have the 130,000 barrels a day of put options at 55 WTI for the remainder of 2020 and we have 20,000 barrels a day of our Brent put options at $60, remainder of 2020. So, as we move into 2021, we clearly would like to put on a hedge, put some insurance to put a floor on for next year because we are still investing with this Guyana Phase 2 coming on in early 2022. So, we'd like to put a floor on. Now, the great hedge position that we have for this year, the Shenzi sale, the VLCC that I told you, have put us in a good position going into it. So, there is no rush for us to have to get hedges on right now. We'd like to use put options to get the full insurance, which obviously paid off this year. Put options are expensive due to the time value of money, if you're further away from the period you want to hedge and then obviously you know where volatility is right now in the market. So, you will see us hedge, it could be later this year, it could be early in 2021, but you should look for us to put on a significant, again, insurance position for a floor for us next year.
John Rielly: Yes, I think Greg just hitting Yellowtail, both in terms of the thickness aerial extent than what we've seen with Redtail as well. Just to give the context, we can't be more specific than that now. We still got the DST to go on Redtail, but we're relatively optimistic about the economic attractiveness of that being the next development.
John Rielly: Sure. So just to reiterate, our Gulf of Mexico strategy has not changed with the Shenzi sale. John said, it's a core part of our portfolio, we plan to pursue both infill and tie back opportunities to our existing hubs, as well as hub class exploration, you know, as oil prices recover. So again, you know, it really does remain unchanged. With this Shenzi sale with BHP being the operator, we're able to get a price for Shenzi that met our value expectations. So therefore, the sale fit well with our strategy to preserve cash and the long term value of our assets in this current low oil price environment. And then as I mentioned, you know, the proceeds there add to our kind of $1.3 billion dollars. So we already have on the balance sheet, and we can use it to fund our investment opportunities in Guyana. And we will use our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to fund Guyana all the way through to Phase 2, where we get a step up in cash flow when Phase 2 comes online.
John Rielly: Sure. So let me start with the Gulf of Mexico in the -- in the third quarter. So between maintenance shutdowns that we already had were undergoing at Llano and Conger, Shell is working on the Enchilada and Auger platforms. So with that maintenance shutdowns and the hurricane downtime, it was approximately 19,000 barrels a day of an impact in the third quarter. And then you heard from as in Greg script there that, the fourth quarter is going to be about 25,000. So, what's really happening again is Llano and Conger continuing now with the shutdown, due to the hurricane and damage that was incurred. The biggest difference then between the third and fourth quarter, though, is that Penn State well that Greg mentioned. So that is going to be down for basically most of the quarter not coming back till the end of December. So that's what takes the 19 to 25 in Q4. And then the international costs that you saw, what you have to do is take out $8 million associated with the severance charge. So of that $27 million special severance charge, $8 million of it was over on the international side.
John Rielly: So this one -- this well, as Greg has mentioned, is -- is going to be more expensive than our typical wells that we've been drilling from an exploration stain standpoint on Stabroek. So because it is one going deeper, we are using managed pressure drilling on this just to be you know, careful as we drill all the way down to the deeper section. As Greg mentioned, going Santonian and Turonian. So Exxon has not put out an estimate on this right now. But it will take longer, and it's going to generally cost a bit more. And just remember that we do have a lesser though working interest in Kaieteur than we do in Stabroek.
John Rielly: Yes. Sure. So I mean, basically what we in the Gulf of Mexico full year, we incorporate shutdowns and things like that is approximately we were saying 65,000 barrels a day. I mean, it can be higher than that when you don't have shutdowns and quarters. So we will get back on that run rate except for the Shenzi sale, right. So you had 11,000 barrels being sold. So, you know, basically take it down to approximately 55,000 barrels a day, then, on a run rate when everything we coming back starting in January 1.
John Hess: Yes, Doug, obviously our first, second, and third priority is to remain focused on executing our strategy, which we believe will maximize value for our shareholders. We have built a high quality and differentiated portfolio that provides a long-term resource growth with a low cost of supply. So, we already are on that trajectory for that low cost of supply. We don't need M&A to get there. And it's underpinned obviously, by multiple phases of Guyana oil developments. And all of this together will position our company to deliver industry leading cash flow growth over the course of the decades. Obviously, we're giving some guidance now of increasing our resource estimate in Guyana, and Stabroek Blok to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent with a potential for 10 ships, not just five ships. Obviously, a lot of work needs to be done to bring those forward. So, we have a great hand to provide industry leading cash flow growth and at the same time go down the cost curve, which will generate industry leading free cash flow with a passage of time. So, we're always looking to optimize our portfolio, but we see nothing in the M&A market that will compete for capital against our existing portfolio of high return opportunities.
John Hess: Yes. And Greg, maybe just to provide some context for Ryan, you might remind everyone what the role of the Bakken is in the portfolio and that takes precedent over what the rig rate is or what the production rate is and that sort of thing. And then also it takes about two to keep production flat. You might just remind people of that.
John Hess: No, no. To be clear, the Gulf of Mexico is a core focus area for the company, and it will be for the future. But we did have a unique opportunity to monetize Shenzi; John Rielly can provide some background.
John Hess: Well, Bob, you know, the Libya is a cash engine when it's producing. Given that the NOC has just lifted the force majeure restrictions and the country has agreed to a ceasefire. The SE report has now reopened and initial liftings have started. But it still remains to be seen what a normalized level of production in Libya is going to be given the uncertainties and continued political unrest. So, you know, obviously, when we get cash from it, we're happy to do that. But at the same time, it's not at the point where it's stabilized what it can be in our numbers on an ongoing basis.
John Hess: Sure. So let me just start with that like each development is unique Paul. So like as I mentioned, the Greater Yellowtail area, we see that with lower development costs and a breakeven that drops between $25 and $32 at that point, with Payara being at $32. So the difference, we are getting synergies like you said from the building of the FPSO, because we do expect that to come in at a lower cost. So with Payara as compared to Liza Phase 2 and I always have to remind everybody, and I know I'm not objective Paul, when I say this. But Liza Phase 2 with the Brent breakeven of $25 is arguably the best project that is out there in the E&P industry. So we are comparing things to this really top project and Payara is world-class. So it does cost more and why -- what happens is Payara has a greater number of distinct reservoirs and therefore also a greater aerial extent. So it was always, as we said, it was back in our December 2018 Investor Presentation it was always going to have a higher cost than Liza Phase 2. So those costs now came exactly in with what we were expecting, just the aerial extent in the reservoirs caused more wells to be there, some more flow lines to be there. And that's what causes that cost to be there and the Brent breakeven going to $32 versus the $25. Now, again Yellowtail, we expect that to be lower, because I think the reservoirs, the individual reservoir as Greg had mentioned, have a great aerial extent on its own. Therefore, we believe the cost will be lower in the Brent breakeven between $25 and $32.
John Hess: No. There's nothing else planned in there with our current portfolio. And it really is, is these FPSO in Guyana, come online as we spoke about, phase 2 being a $25, breakeven Payara 32, Yellowtail being 25 and 32. As these FPSOs get brought online, it drives down our overall breakeven in the portfolio to below $40.
Greg Hill: Sure. Yeah, so the upgrade from the greater to eight -- greater than eight to nine really reflected the results of the drilling remember in Uaru, Yellowtail-2 and Redtail-1. So, a good portion of the results of that were included in that billion barrel call at resource upgrade. So that brings us close to being up-to-date. There is obviously some additional upside to that number that we'll figure out with further testing and potential appraisal in and around that area. So, there is more upside coming on top of that number, but that really reflects the results of those three wells. And to your question on the 10 FPSOs, again, as John said in his opening remarks that we still have to do a lot of engineering work on those 10 FPSOs, but I think this regular cadence of one a year you could assume -- and then, obviously as you get further out in time, some of those earlier FPSOs could be in decline. However, remember, we still have multi-billion barrels of upside that hasn't been explored or appraised. So, how all that kind of works out and works all age fillers, new hubs, is yet to be determined and I think furthermore, Brian, if you think about the Santonian, remember the Santonian is 3000 feet deeper than the Campanian, they currently represents that 9 billion barrels. And if you look at it on seismic, the extent of the channel systems is as extensive or more extensive than the Campanian. And the industry has got five penetrations in it, two on Stabroek and three in Suriname obviously on Apache's block. So that will be a subject of a lot of exploration and appraisal drilling over the next couple of years and depending on how that turns out, the Santonian also as well as multi-billion barrels of remaining upside in the Campanian, all of that could be used as both all age fillers and new hub class developments. So, I would like to say Guyana is a story that's going to go on more than 10 years because of that multi-billion barrels of upside and we haven't even scratched the surface of the Santonian yet and we're in the early innings in the Campanian still.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think what the Yellowtail and the Redtail wells both showed -- remember Redtail is only a mile and a half from the Yellowtail well, is that the reservoir extent is very large. It's larger than we thought, just based on the results of the Yellowtail-1. So, there is a huge resource base there. We know that the reservoir quality is very similar to, I'll say, Liza-2 and also the crude quality is Liza-like and so very -- bigger tanks, bigger reservoirs in and around that greater Yellowtail area and that's why John had mentioned it will likely have a lower development cost. It looks like you will probably need fewer wells to get the same amount of resource. However, I will say, we've still got engineering work to do, we've got to get through our various gates and our development process to be further definitive about that, but also because of the nature of the PSC, you'll have more barrels on, which affects the rate of cost recovery, which will also tend to drive that breakeven lower. But I think as you look at the reservoir of Yellowtail versus Payara, it's big, it's very big.
Greg Hill: Yes, we're still -- we're in the throes of our development plan right now for next year. So, I want to give you guidance in January, like we always do on the Bakken. I think that'd be more appropriate, well, I think the development as we speak.
Greg Hill: No, we don't really -- we don't carry a large DUC inventory, particularly with one rig. We did in the first part of the year, because remember, we had six rigs that built-in inventory, that will effectively be worked off during the fourth quarter. And it will be -- then it will just be normal work in process, right? So there won't be a DUC inventory, so to speak, other than, well is just waiting on a completion crew.
Greg Hill: It would take, as John mentioned, let me start with what it would take to hold the Bakken flat. Take two rigs to hold it flat; broadly in the 180,000 barrel a day range with two rigs we could hold it at that level. But I think, as John mentioned important context for the Bakken, the role of the Bakken in the portfolio now is to be a cash generator and so the rig count will be a function of obviously oil price, but also corporate cash flow needs. That is what will govern the rate at which we develop the Bakken. Now in order to maintain that magnificent cash firepower that the Bakken has, obviously we would like to at least hold it flat, right? So it doesn't decline away and you lose some of that cash firepower capability. As we -- as I said in my opening remarks though, we won't consider adding that second rig to hold it flat until WTI prices approach $50. At that point, we would look at where we are and we'd make an informed decision on whether to add that second rig. But the Bakken, again, it's primary role is cash. It's not the growth engine. Guyana is the growth engine. It will be the cash engine and of course, we could grow it as oil prices improve.
Greg Hill: Yes, there were two issues, Paul. So first was the cooling fan blades on the big gas compressors and that was a design issue for sure. Those were re-engineered, new fan blades installed, and both of those compressors are currently operating. And that's why our production now is averaged about 105,000 barrels a day for the last couple weeks. So things are things are back on track for the main gas compressors. The last piece is a flash gas compressor. And there was a failure in the lube oil system. That is a design related issue. And that compressor is back in Germany, being retrofitted as we speak. And the plan is to get it out to the platform or the FPSO during the month of November, and then begin to ramp-up to the full nameplate in December. So both were design issues. I think, you know, as I've said before, Paul, the silver lining and all this to me is in this design, one build many strategy. All of the learning’s that are coming out of this are being incorporated into future phases. So that will over time just continue to increase the reliability and ability to bring these on these vessels on flawlessly.
Greg Hill: Yes, absolutely, David, in fact, if you look at the part numbers and this is extreme standardization, if you look at the part numbers, I think it something like 85% of the part numbers on the top side are the same in Phase 2 as Phase 1. So that's what I think the real advantage of the standardization is, is you can just quickly roll learnings, into future phases and really, really drive very high reliability in these vessels as a result of that. 
Greg Hill: No, I think we're not really assuming any -- any inflation whatsoever next year at the Bakken, things are still well over supplied. We already have contracts locked in with their strategic suppliers for that. Now, they do have some market based adjustments, if the market doesn't prove, but I think the important thing is through technology and innovation will still drive that costs lower no matter what.
Greg Hill: Yes. So remember, during the first outbreak of COVID. There were essentially no impacts to the operation side. Logistically, you had to get people quarantined and tested and all that, but we worked all that out. So we really didn't skip a beat, on the operating side. And remember, Malaysia is a very active area for us, we have ongoing drilling programs, ongoing projects, so very active, and we saw no impact as a result of the COVID based on the protocols that we developed. If you look at the office, again, during the first outbreak, everyone was working remotely. We got up to about 80% complement back in our office. And now we've taken that back down again. So people would just go back to working remotely. I think it always -- we've seen no impact to the operations or to our ability to work in Malaysia. It has resulted in lower nominations, which is why we kept our guidance for the fourth quarter for Malaysia 50,000 barrels equivalent just because of those COVID uncertainties in the second outbreak.
Greg Hill: Yes. No, I think it's on the margins, I would say, I mean, really the design issues that I talked about, were the primary reason. However, as Exxon has very strict protocols, which I think, are absolutely appropriate. So anyone before they go offshore has to self-quarantine in country for 14 days and be tested. So, obviously, any special work that needs to be done, it's going to take a little bit longer, but I will compliment Exxon Mobil profusely because they've had some 2,500 crew change events. And so far touchwood they've had no COVID cases offshore. So I think what's going on down there is absolutely remarkable. In terms of how well all that's being executed amidst a pandemic.
