John P. Rielly: Yeah. Doug, right now, we're forecasting our capital spending in Q2 through Q4 to be higher than what you're seeing in Q1 and there is a couple of reasons. I mean, as you know, we're going to be ramping up rigs in the Bakken from two rigs at the beginning of the year to six at year end. Now, we are also forecasting an increased spend mid-year as we get closer to the North Malay Basin startup in Q3. So, as you've seen, cost and capital have been performing well here in the first quarter. So we'll continue to monitor what we're doing through the year and as usual, we'll update our guidance in mid-year. But, right now, our guidance remains $2.25 billion.
John P. Rielly: So, it was $700 million last year, and I think, hang on, for this year for Stampede and for North Malay Basin, we had $275 million budgeted for North Malay Basin and $425 million. So, yes, you are correct. That $700 million of capital associated with those two assets. So, in 2018, the capital will go down for those assets combined, plus cash flow will go up.
John P. Rielly: No. I'd say it's more – it's basically more of our practice right now. It's early in the year. We've had good cost performance and good production performance, so it was both of those combined on how we came in under our cash cost guidance. In the second quarter, as you said, we will have the higher maintenance cost and a higher cash cost. So, as you move to the third quarter, yes, the cost reduction efforts that we have been – that had been ongoing, and we did some further cost reductions at the end of 2016, will come back into the portfolio. The other thing that will happen is that North Malay Basin starts up in the third quarter. And that from our portfolio will be very accretive to cash cost because that is a low cash cost asset. So as North Malay Basin continues to ramp up in the third and then into the fourth quarter, that will help our cash costs as well. So, what we'll see is by our next earnings call, right, we'll have gotten through the maintenance season, we'll see where North Malay Basin is from the startup standpoint on timing and then we'll update our cash cost guidance at that point.
John P. Rielly: So the cost reduction doesn't have anything to do with the under lift. In the fourth quarter when you're looking at those numbers, if you remember, we had some non-recurring special items and one of them was an inventory write-off, so on the international side we had approximately a $30 million pre-tax inventory write-off that's in those operating cost in the fourth quarter. So you had that special. Then even with that you can see, even across our U.S. and international though we have reduced cost throughout the portfolio, and are continuing to focus on that. Obviously, good production performance helps, but we did go through a lot of cost reduction efforts through 2016 and it bore some fruit as you can see in the first quarter.
John P. Rielly: Yes, correct, it's normal cost execution. Correct. It's just normal execution, good performance across the portfolio.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So, just to start with the Permian, so in the first quarter, it's still producing 8,000 barrels a day, so it's not an absolute material amount, but it's producing 8,000 barrels a day, and it's generating cash flow for the company. Now, what we have done is from an MLP standpoint, it's the gas plant and the CO2 where you don't take the E&P type commodity price exposure to put it in the Midstream. So we are, as I talked about moving the Permian gas plant and the CO2 asset into our Midstream segment, and that happened on January 1, and we did recast the prior 2016. So we have taken steps. Now, we still have that 100%. It has not been dropped into our joint venture with GIP, but it's something that's under discussion.
John P. Rielly: Paul, so we'll give guidance obviously as we approach 2018. The reason I don't want to be more specific than that is because, remember, our completion design is in flux, right? So what the future completion design will be, will be a large factor in saying what the growth rate at the Bakken will be with six rigs. What we do know right now is it takes about 3.25 rigs to hold the Bakken flat at this roughly 100,000 barrels a day, let's call it. So, clearly, any rigs above that is going to be growth, but depending on the completion design, the rate of that growth might vary. So we'll give guidance as we kind of complete these completion trials and determine what the completion design is on a go forward basis.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So, Doug, on your first question, first of all, there's been nothing signed yet. However, Exxon and Hess are, given our understanding of obviously the greater Guyana basin, I'll call it, we are looking for other potential opportunities to expand our footprint. I really can't say much beyond that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Ed, I think, as you know, that's a very complicated question because you have a whole number of wells that are in the base at a very low decline rate. You have wells that have recently come on that are in either their first or their second year of decline. So, I think any – as you kind of look at production in the Bakken this year, it's purely a function of timing of when wells are coming on. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, that positive momentum really picks up in the second half of the year. As we put that third and fourth rig to work and start completing wells, that momentum really picks up. So that's really what's driving it. I always hate to answer the decline question because it's extremely complicated.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, Paul, I think as we said in our opening remarks, we did update guidance for the second quarter, so we're up about 5,000 barrels a day versus our previous guidance. And we will, of course, mid-year give a revised update, or a new update, I should say, on what the guidance is for the year and for the remaining quarters. The reason we haven't updated our guidance yet is because, again, North Malay Basin, we just want to have some greater certainty on exactly when that's going to start up. So once that's clear, which will be in the second quarter, the exact date of startup, then we'll be in a better position to update guidance for the rest of the year.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think it's really, the uplift is a 50-stage completions plus we're drilling in the Keene area, which is truly the core of the core of the Bakken. You noticed that our performance was up in fourth quarter of last year. That strong performance continued into the first quarter of this year and it's really a function of where we're drilling on the 50-stage fracs. Those were the two factors for both quarters.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I mean a good majority of the wells will be in that section. As we increase the rig count, we'll stay in the core, but we'll be moving out of the core of the core which is really the Keene. So, our whole drilling program will be in the core this year, but not all of it will be in the keen area, simply because of some of the operational challenges of operating that many rigs in the same place, a lot of SIMOPS issues.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think our current plan is still to add that rig in the fourth – add those two rigs in the fourth quarter.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think the assumption would be that there will be a greater Liza area development. So, as you get into full-field development, consider Liza and Payara as kind of one, Snoek yet to be determined, but it will most likely be tied into that greater Liza Payara development plan. I did want to correct one of my remarks in the opening. I said the Phase I is 120,000 barrel equivalents, it's actually 120,000 barrels of oil per day facility. So I wanted to correct that on the call.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, let me answer your last question first. So the 50-stage completions, we quote now, IP90 rates versus IP30, because we just think that's a better reflection of – that takes in the operational impacts. So, with the IP90s now, we're showing, in this quarter it was close to 800, I think, it was 793. And then the EURs – the corresponding EURs are in the range of about 1 million barrels. So that's on the 50-stage fracs. As I mentioned, in the first quarter, we're doing a lot of experimentation with higher stage counts. So we've got a number of 60-stage completions in the ground now. So we're actually considering did we just move to 60-stage. We want to get a few more on the ground to make sure they are reliable, make sure we understand the production performance of those. So that will be one thing that we'll update in July as we said. We've also got a few wells with higher proppant loadings. We plan to do more of those in the second quarter. So, again, all of this is a bit influx, which is why I said we will update all of that EURs, IPs, well costs, we'll update everything in our second quarter mid-year update as always.
Gregory P. Hill: In regard to your first quarter – yeah, sorry, your question on the first quarter, the weather really hit us in January. So we fully recovered from that in February and March, and as we mentioned, the current forecast for Bakken in the second quarter is about 100,000 barrels a day. So up a bit from the first quarter, and then you really begin to see, as we mentioned, the production momentum from the Bakken really kicking in in the third quarter and fourth quarter as you get the impact of that third and fourth rig being able to start completing wells in the last half of the year. So that's why the first and second is relatively flat, because you're drilling, you're not completing those wells from the third and the fourth rig.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think so. Certainly, on the – again, we'll update this mid-year, but the results of the higher stage counts, and although a few – only a few wells, the higher proppant loadings are encouraging. So that's good. Now in regards to your second question, we are seeing some upward pressure on costs in the Bakken in the completion space as you said. We've taken a lot of steps to really minimize that. Several things that we've done. We're locking in the rig rates. We're pre-purchasing sand and we're putting in place longer-term contracts both on the rigs and also on the pumping side. So these steps coupled with our Lean manufacturing approach where we still make operational improvements give us confidence that we'll be able to deliver our 2017 program with minimal inflation. There may be some, but we're really trying to minimize that as much as possible.
Gregory P. Hill: Can't really discuss timing yet, because it's dependent obviously upon sanction, Phase I, which we hope to do in midyear. The current thinking is that we will probably have one rig dedicated to do exploration/appraisal and then as you move into development on Phase I, then you'll probably have a rig dedicated for drilling the development wells of Phase I. So that's the current thinking but again, we haven't made final decisions on when that second rig comes into the play, that's up to the operator.
Gregory P. Hill: I think you should assume for now that it will be primarily just a Phase I development disclosure because, again, this is going to be a large development, multi-FPSOs that are phased over a number of years. So that's going to require a lot of planning and thinking and all that kind of stuff and, as to how you sequence all that. So I think you could expect later color on that. So the first disclosure will be primarily on Phase I.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, that's a good question. I think we see a number of similar opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico. And I think as we've said in the past, when we would add a rig in the Gulf of Mexico is really going to be a function of the oil price, as you see more strength in the oil price. We will bring that into consideration because I think as we've said before, you're going to want more strength in the offshore before you do that because typically you'll commit to a very expensive rig, although a lot cheaper now, but you'll commit to a rig and so you want to have confidence that you have a pretty good oil price outlook before you commit to that very high cost rig line and associated equipment, different than the onshore.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Paul, I think, we will share as much as we can when we sanction Phase I, so hopefully mid-year.
Gregory P. Hill: No. Because remember, we just finished that well in March. So there is still a lot of evaluation going on with the Snoek prospect.
Gregory P. Hill: So, none of that's built into the guidance yet. And that's why we hope to update things in the middle of the year. Given the early results of the 60-stage wells, and even though few, but we'll do more in the second quarter of the higher proppant loading, the bias will be for that guidance to go up.
Gregory P. Hill: No, it's not. So the – it's purely operational. If you look at the well GORs, it's about 15.50% (53:57). That has stayed constant for years and will stay constant in the future. It was purely operational, related to the weather in the first quarter where we had some compressor downtime, so you threw a lot more gas to flare than what you normally would have in normal operation. So that's what's causing that aberration in higher oil versus gas this quarter.
Gregory P. Hill: So, you're right. The Bakken was up about 7,000 barrels a day versus what we thought. The other 5,000 was really kind of spread out across the portfolio. But you're right, it was primarily the Gulf of Mexico that came in performing better. If you look at TBells, as we said in our January call, in Q1 we increased water injection and began slowly bringing on our fifth producer and also that well that we worked over right at the end of last year. So we're bringing those wells on very slowly and as a result, production continues to increase on Tubular Bells. So while those trends are encouraging, what I said last quarter is I really want to see some constant stable production on Tubular Bells before I forecast what it's going to do. So I'd like to see a few more months of stable production and injection data before we issue kind of a new full year forecast for TBells. But quarter-on-quarter, TBells is up about 4,000 barrels a day.
Gregory P. Hill: The first quarter was – average for TBells is about 13,000. Currently, we are kind of in the range of 18,000 to 19,000 barrels a day on TBells. So it continues to ramp. We're taking it very slowly, very cautiously and also watching hopefully the impact of water injection as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think it was a combination of things. It was a combination of a little bit better well performance than planned in our 50-stage fracs. The second factor was we recovered from the weather much quicker, much more rapidly than we anticipated. So those were the few big things, Evan.
Gregory P. Hill: It was in the first Q, so the wells did a little better than we thought in the first Q. Yeah. We only got eight wells on remember, so.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, it will be late in the fourth quarter. So you really won't see any impact of those rigs in 2017, it will be primarily in 2018.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think you're right. I think we are watching long laterals. Obviously, we are watching the margins change and the gas prices go higher. There are no plans for us right now to bring any rigs back into the Utica in 2017. But obviously, as those trends improve, we'll begin to evaluate do we bring a rig back in the Utica.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think maybe a better way to answer it without being specific. Keene, we have several hundred wells that can deliver the kind of performance that we're seeing in the last couple of quarters.
Gregory P. Hill: We do, and the only – again, the only reason you wouldn't concentrate all of your drilling there is simply because of SIMOPS issues. You just can't have that many rigs concentrated in one place like that.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think obviously specific to Guyana, it's unique in itself because it's shallower wells, these are only about 13,000 feet to 15,000 feet below the mud line, so it's a bit of a unique province in itself. I think the broader question around industry and deepwater, obviously the costs are coming down still, particularly in the shipyard area, where shipyards now are half full and projected to be even less than that. Next year, still some softness in the offshore rig market. So, the price trends are awesome in the deepwater and that bodes well obviously for our Guyana development, both of those dimensions. Also, there is a broad effort in the industry and very significant effort in Hess around standardization. So I think all of that is going to significantly improve the cycle time. You have shipyards focused on much of your projects. You will have industry focused on standardization. So all of that is really collapsing the cycle time of when you can bring these things on, which is good.
John B. Hess: Yeah, no. Paul, we're going to be very selective and focused and capital disciplined in our efforts in exploration. As you know, our strategy has been and continues to be early access to material resource opportunities with running room focused on oil, Atlantic Margin, at low cost. And obviously that strategy is working in Guyana and Suriname Basin. A great example where Liza, Payara, the greater Liza area, already world-class in their own right, will generate very attractive returns down to $40 Brent flat, competitive with any unconventional play, and in our opinion even better. So, it's all about focusing on returns and creating long-term value that I think is going to distinguish our company for many years to come. Beyond that, we still see in the Guyana-Suriname Basin further un-risked multi-billion potential and that's where the majority of our efforts is going to be. Yes, there will be some wildcatting, but it will be within our framework of capital discipline and keeping a tight rein on our spending. So, we will spend some money outside of that, but the majority of our exploration efforts will be focused on Guyana.
John B. Hess: Yeah. We see exceptional value and returns in our position in Guyana and a lot more upside in some of the future drilling that we have there, so we're very happy with our position. If it makes sense to pull value forward, we might look at some others levers in the portfolio, because one of the best returns I think in the industry is going to be the investment we make in Guyana, the fact that it has very attractive economics with what we already have captured in the greater Liza area down to $40 Brent flat and a lot of upside potential. So there is a lot more running room there and it's going to be very low cost on the cost curve, so we think it's going to have exceptional return. So, we want light to shine on that and wouldn't want to be premature in terms of anything else.
John B. Hess: Yeah. Obviously with the uncertainty about oil prices, we do think we're entering a new chapter of oil prices where they will start going up to attract more investment in the business, but we certainly think we're still in a volatile period and with the increase in activity levels that we have, we just thought having some price insurance for this year would be a wise idea.
John B. Hess: Yes. That would be one of the wells that we would have a commitment on, but again, the majority of our exploration program is going to be very focused and the majority of the dollars are going to go to Guyana.
