John P. Rielly: Thanks, Ed. So, I mean, as we look at it, first of all, let me just discuss I guess 2016. Our budget has not been finalized yet. So as you look at 2016, and I think it's exactly as you said, we do expect to cover our base business expenditures and dividends through our cash flow from operations, and even at this low commodity price environment. And then, we'll use the cash on the balance sheet as needed to fund our growth projects in 2016, which include North Malay Basin and Stampede and our exploration and appraisal activities, which Greg mentioned. So then, as you move on to 2017, North Malay Basin comes online. So North Malay Basin becomes a cash flow generator and increases our production in 2017. And then, Stampede comes on in 2018, becomes a cash flow generator in 2018. So as we look at this, and I think in going through the cycle, we're just balancing everything that we've talking about, preserving that financial strength, keeping these operating capabilities and preserving these growth options so that as we move through 2017 and 2018, we're in a good position to begin to start generating cash flow at that point in time.
John P. Rielly: So, first off, as you know, right, just in light of this low oil price environment, we wanted to get this preliminary 2016's guidance out on our capital and exploratory program. It is difficult at this point, because we haven't completed our budget process, to be really specific on our numbers, just in general across our portfolio. And we will do that in January. At a high level, though, we're going to be continuing to spend on North Malay Basin and Stampede, and you can think about it in the general same area as it was in 2015. But we will provide specifics on that in 2016. And then exploration, we'll have to provide – as Greg said, there's still – we still have work to do on Guyana – we'll provide more information on that in January of 2016. But I guess, if you put it altogether, it shouldn't be that much different than the growth capital that we were spending this year.
John P. Rielly: Yes, that is reasonable. Again – so the way I would call it, Doug, it's not contributing to production next year, but obviously we're building this portfolio, and we're: one, adding resources to the portfolio with North Malay Basin and Stampede, which will become cash flow generators in 2017 and 2018. And then, as Greg has mentioned, we're excited about the potential of adding future resources for Guyana, so we've got that long-term resources being added to our portfolio.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So, I mean, this is just general guidance there. We're spending in North Malay Basin, like this year, between $500 million and $600 million. We haven't been specific, but let's just say it's carrying that type of level into 2016. And what happens in 2017, instead of spending $500 million to $600 million and having that negative cash flow, it'll actually turn cash flow positive in there. So you're at a minimum getting a $500 million to $600 million, now you're generating free cash flow. So you're potentially $700 million, $800 million swing in cash flow as it relates just to that North Malay Basin asset. And then, Stampede does continue your spending in 2016 and 2017 on the development. And then, we were spending approximately $300 million this year. But as you move, it will be somewhere in the $300 million to $400 million as we go forward. You'll have that negative cash flow turning into positive cash flow in 2018. So on top of North Malay Basin, at that point in time, you're swinging $400-million-ish at a minimum to $500 million to $600 million to cash flow at that point in time.
John P. Rielly: I mean, I understand to try to get as much guidance out, and that's why we put this preliminary guidance in this low price environment, so everybody can get a feel of what we're doing with capital, and also where we think production is going to. However, we're still fairly early in the budget process, even working with our partners. So at this point, Paul, I can't give specific cost guidance and I'll do that in January on our call, as usual.
John P. Rielly: So from our minimum – let's just call it our minimum volume commitments that we have with the Midstream. So first of all, we don't see any issue meeting our minimum volume commitments because there's a couple of things that allow us to meet that. One is additional volumes coming from our build-out of, what we call, our Hawkeye project, which is south of the river. It allows us to get volumes that we couldn't get into our infrastructure from south of the river to the infrastructure north of the river and also just up in North Dakota continued flaring and trucking reductions. And then as well we have the third-party volumes, additional third-party volumes that will come our way. So again from our minimum volume commitments from the third quarter numbers that you actually see in the press release, our minimum volume commitments for 2016 are already essentially below all those numbers that are there.
John P. Rielly: Oh, sure. I'm sorry. So if you want the actual number, so it's actually in the S-1, but crude oil loading is 38,000 and so in the third quarter you saw it was 47,000 and the crude oil transportation going through it as 43,000 versus 45,000 that we had in the third quarter.
John P. Rielly: Okay. No, we would view it differently. But let me just – because I don't know what the other competitor was exactly referring to, so let's just talk our Gulf of Mexico assets that are producing, they are – when you bring the Gulf of Mexico assets in general together, they are at the low cost end of our portfolio average, quite low actually. And opportunities there to drill further, kind of, exploitation opportunities and bring it into that infrastructure are some of the best returns that we have in the portfolio, so then it just becomes – I don't know if they're thinking about further development, future developments, I don't know. But again, from – as Greg said, as we look at the offshore right now and where the costs are going in the industry, we see that it's a good opportunity, like Greg had mentioned with Guyana, to be able to be investing in offshore projects right now.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. So, as we look at it right now, and again, in this low price environment, as you can imagine, the flexibility we have is that we do have $3 billion of cash on our balance sheet. And so that is allowing us to invest through this cycle, bring these longer-term projects on in 2017 and 2018, as well as invest in exploration such as Guyana. So what we are looking, and I'm going to say more short-term now because we are very focused on where the commodity price environment is, is maintaining that balance sheet and not increasing our debt levels. So that's where we have the ability to be able to use that balance sheet to fund that capital program. Longer-term, we'll see what happens as projects come on.
John P. Rielly: So what is – and we will give more guidance in January on that – the big component of the capital for the Midstream is going to be the completion of what I referred to as the Hawkeye project. Again, it's infrastructure, it's pipelines, it's compression to be able to bring volumes south of the river in North Dakota to our infrastructure north of the river, such as our gas plant and our rail facility. So there will still be significant spend there on that project, but in January, we'll give more specifics on the levels.
John P. Rielly: And again, I can't be exactly specific for you, David, as we move into – onto 2016, but so right now, our production by product in the Bakken was about 73% oil, 18% NGLs, and 9% gas. You will see, per Greg's comments, as we get up to the full capacity of the gas plant that we will be increasing on a percentage basis our NGLs and gas. Just can't be specific to you right now until we get further into the budget process.
John P. Rielly: So I mean, in the third quarter, obviously, with the lower cost environment, we did not have any impairments in our portfolio. But, John, all I can tell you right now is, as it continues and as we finalize our budget, we will assess that and we will report it on our fourth quarter. But I can't give you any more guidance than that.
John P. Rielly: So I mean if you go across the portfolio, I mean, obviously, when you have less drilling activity, as Greg said, we're not drilling in EG (56:21), the Norway, there's a drilling break and things like that, you're just getting the natural decline of the portfolio. So as you could see, as you mentioned what the Bakken numbers are, we can't be specific at this point until we finalize our budget. But you can kind of say that the reduction is kind of half due to less drilling activities and half due to natural decline to our portfolio.
John P. Rielly: What it is, and it really has to do with the way the net entitlement works. As Greg had mentioned, in JDA, we're finishing up the booster compression project there. So, one, you probably noticed in our numbers, we've had some net entitlement changes this year that's dropped in the third quarter for JDA. So, on an overall basis, the next biggest component beyond Bakken would be JDA because well there's less cost recovery barrels that we'll have in 2016 as well as with the booster compression, there'll be some downtime at JDS.
John P. Rielly: No, no, we don't have that yet. Again, we'll get that in January. Again, so we're just fine-tuning how much is near field infrastructure, things like that. So we'll provide that number in January.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, so I guess a little context first. The Liza, a very significant discovery, again, it's 295 feet of very high quality sandstone. And importantly, the well also proved that there's a working petroleum system on this very large block, which is about 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. Now, Ed, we're about 50% complete with a seismic shoot that covers over 70% of that block; it's about a 17,000 square kilometer shoot. So we're about half done. So the next step, obviously, is to complete that seismic. We're also planning appraisal and exploration drilling next year with the operator. We haven't finalized all that yet, so I can't really be specific. But there's two objectives: appraise Liza and then get started on other exploration prospects on the block. There's numerous lookalikes to Liza, for example. And then the third thing we're going to do is we're starting to evaluate potential Liza development options. So how would we develop this significant development called Liza. So those are kind of the three things that are going on.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, so first of all, Doug, what happens to the Bakken, as we kind of said in our opening remarks, with a four-rig program in 2016, we expect the Bakken to stay roughly flat with Q4 2015. So that would add – we've guided 95,000 barrels a day to 105,000 barrels a day for 2016. Now, the obvious question is, well, how can we hold production flat with four rigs? And it's really three ways. Increase drilling efficiencies and higher availability on existing production because there's less SIMOPS going on. And then increased gas and NGL capture in plant. Now, if you project out further and ask, how long can we hold production flat in a four-rig case? We could do that for several years. So we could hold Bakken at about 100,000 barrels a day for several years just with the four-rig program. And obviously, as cash flow becomes free, as we swing off these growth projects, where we divert that capital will be a function of return obviously. But clearly, the Bakken is one of the best projects we have in our portfolio, so it'll be very high in the queue for a future call on capital.
Gregory P. Hill: Can't really, Doug. The one thing I will say is that we're in preliminary studies to evaluate what might be development options for Liza B, and there's a variety of possibilities there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think, again, you have to go back to the opening remarks of both John and I, and John Rielly. Given the continued low oil prices next year, we have said we're going to prioritize preserving the strength of our balance sheet above all else. And so, what that means is, we're going to flex our investment down in those areas where we can. And we have a lot of flexibility offshore, we have a lot of flexibility onshore, so we're actually bringing the whole portfolio down in order to keep our balance sheet strong.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Well, I think that – just I'll take your last question first – I think the first order of business is understand what we have there, right? So particularly in Guyana, we've got a lot of work to do to understand the full potential of the block, so way too early to talk about monetization options or anything like that. But how do we think about exploration right now? Well, first of all, we believe that conventional exploration is still the best way to add long-term value to grow the business with attractive returns, provided you can do it successfully, obviously. And I think importantly right now, it can be executed at a much lower cost in the current price environment. So indeed, Guyana is a case in point, where we were able to access that block at a relatively low entry cost, and are now executing this work program at historically low costs, on a cost curve. So it's a good time to be doing this kind of work. And obviously, as John and I both said in our opening remarks, we're really encouraged by the Liza discovery. It's not only a great well in itself, but it has also proven a working petroleum system on a very large block with lots of prospectivity.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, you bet. First of all, the Three Forks reservoir is great. We're really drilling in the sweet spot of the sweet spot of the Three Forks right now, so it's actually outperforming the Middle Bakken marginally. So that's very good resources there in the Three Forks. Regarding down spacing, we've got 51 wells that are on a nine and eight (48:09) spacing pilot. We plan to do 82 wells this year. 51 wells are currently online in the nine and eight (48:17) configuration, now only 20 of these wells have been online for greater than 90 days. So the initial results are encouraging and we expect to provide pilot results early next year after we get a few more wells with longer production history under our belt. Regarding different completion techniques, we're running 50-stage pilots. So these are 50-stage sliding sleeve wells. We've got 18 wells out of the 36 wells that we planned this year online. Again, only 13 of those wells have been online for more than 30 days, so it's a little early. But initial production uplifts are in line with expectations and similar to the nine and eight (49:01). We plan to be in a position to provide the results early next year. Now, on the 50-stage, and the nine and eight (49:09) frankly, the final decision is going to be an economic one. So does the 50-stage well generate a higher return given the higher cost? And if it does, then we would expect to move our standard to the 50-stage design from the current 35-stage design. Again, it will be an economic return question, not a higher production question.
Gregory P. Hill: Still don't know the answer to that, because we're just getting bids in now, the operator, not us, but the operator is still getting bids in. Many of the...
Gregory P. Hill: Let me answer the operational question first, and then I'll turn it over to John for that. The way to think about this is this year, our availability has averaged about 87%, and that's a combination of SIMOPS and maintenance and things you have to do. What we're projecting next year is that will go up 2%.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, I just want to come back quickly on the Guyana and just remind folks on the call, remember, these wells are quite shallow. They're only 18,000 feet and they're in 5,700 feet of water. Liza well cost us about $80 million Hess net. So future wells, as you get down the learning curve, will be cheaper than that, obviously, once you get in development mode.
Gregory P. Hill: You bet. And I want to give all of the callers one more clarifying comment. The $80 million Liza cost was a gross cost not a net cost. I wanted to clear that up on the call.
John B. Hess: Sure. We're always looking to upgrade or optimize our portfolio. Obviously, we never comment on M&A. But I think the important thing here is our first, second, and third priority is to keep the strong balance sheet we have strong during this period of low prices.
John B. Hess: Right now, it's more economic, Paul, with the differentials to clear book having narrowed to where they're only about $1 off of WTI to prioritize moving as much oil as you can through pipeline, and we're doing that. But we still flex some of our production to rail. So where in the past maybe the mix was 50-50, like three months ago, rail versus pipeline, right now, pipeline is about 60% of what we move and rail is about 40%.
John B. Hess: Our priority here is to keep our strong balance sheet strong and that comes first before anything else. So, at the end of the day, we're cutting our CapEx and we don't think it makes sense to accelerate production in this environment and, obviously, share buybacks are taking a backseat as well.
