John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Our company has made important progress in maintaining a strong balance sheet and keeping a tight control on our spending, while continuing to invest in future growth, which we believe will create significant value for our shareholders. Over the course of 2016, we have materially reduced our spending in response to this lower for longer oil price environment. We now project our full year 2016 E&P capital and exploratory expenditures to be approximately $2 billion, down $100 million from our previous forecast and more than 50% below 2015. In addition, this month, we will complete a $1.5 billion refinancing of higher coupon debt, extending our average maturities and lowering our average coupon rate. This transaction further strengthens our balance sheet and liquidity position and defers any significant debt maturities until 2027. While we have reduced investment across our producing portfolio, we believe it is very important to continue to fund our growth projects in the Gulf of Thailand, deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and offshore Guyana. With regard to Guyana, we are very encouraged about the significant resource potential on the 6.6 million acres Stabroek block. The Liza-3 well was successful, encountering approximately 200 feet of net oil pay and the same high-quality reservoir encountered in the Liza-1 and Liza-2 wells. This result further confirms that Liza is a world-class resource and one of the industry's largest oil discoveries in the last 10 years. With this information, we now expect estimated recoverable resources for Liza to be at the upper end of the previously announced range of 800 million barrels of oil equivalent and 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Pre-development planning is underway and we expect to be in a position to sanction the first phase of development in 2017. We believe Liza will offer very attractive economics at current oil prices. In addition, we are in the early stages of evaluating the exploration potential on the Stabroek block. The drilling rig will next move to the Payara prospect located approximately 10 miles northeast from Liza, with results from this exploration well expected by the time of our next conference call. With regard to our two other offshore developments, North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand and Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, are on track to come online in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Together, they will add a combined 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and transition from being sizable cash users to significant long-term cash generators for the company. Turning to our financial results. In the third quarter of 2016, we posted a net loss of $339 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $340 million or $1.12 per common share compared to an adjusted net loss of $291 million or $1.03 per common share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, our financial results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas sales volumes and selling prices, which more than offset the positive impacts of lower operating costs and DD&A. Net production was 314,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the upper end of our guidance range for the quarter, while net production from the Bakken exceeded our guidance, averaging 107,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. Our Bakken team continues to deliver excellent operating results and returns in the core of the play, that are competitive with the Permian and Eagle Ford. In the third quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $4.7 million per well, 11% below the year-ago quarter, even as we transitioned from a 35-stage to a 50-stage completion design. Our high-quality Bakken acreage, industry-leading drilling and completion costs and advantaged infrastructure position our Bakken asset to be a major contributor to the company's future production and cash flow growth. With the recent improvement in oil prices, we are making initial preparations to increase our drilling activity in the play next year. We will provide 2017 guidance. including capital and exploratory expenditures, as usual in January. In summary, our company remains well positioned for the current low oil price environment and for a recovery in oil prices. We have one of the strongest balance sheets and long-term growth outlooks among our peers, which we believe will deliver profitable growth and improving returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
John B. Hess: Well, Doug, thank you. As you know, our strategy in this lower for longer oil price environment has been to preserve our balance sheet, preserve our capability and preserve our growth options, so it's a balance, and we're about value, not volume. But with the recent improvement in oil prices, we are making initial preparations to increase activity levels once again in the Bakken next year. We'll provide detailed 2017 guidance, including capital and exploratory expenditures as usual in January. But we're going to stay fiscally disciplined. It's the balance sheet that's premier here to fund through the cycle, the excellent growth opportunities we have, both short cycle in the Bakken and longer cycle in Guyana. And as long as those opportunities offer superior financial returns to our shareholders, that will obviously command our capital going forward, with an eye to keeping the balance sheet in check as well as looking at over time offering competitive growth and increasing cash returns to shareholders as well. So, it's going to be a balance and it's going to be a function of oil price.
John B. Hess: I think the real takeaway there, Doug, to your point, Liza has gotten bigger. It's in excess of 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we believe offers very attractive financial returns at current prices, and that's the key point.
John B. Hess: We'll refer that question to the operator when you – ExxonMobil has their call on Friday, but obviously...
John B. Hess: ...we're encouraged that we have a bigger resource here than before, so you can draw your own conclusions from that.
John B. Hess: Yes. Doug, it's going to be a function of financial returns. We said that until oil prices approached $60, it didn't make sense to accelerate volume for its own sake, but we see with the current improvement in oil prices for next year, that now we're making our plans to increase the rig count some. The exact definition of that, we'll give guidance as we finalize our plans at the end of the year. But the core of the core that we have with the low drilling and completion costs offer us returns that are competitive with the Permian and the Eagle Ford. So as oil prices have improved, we think it's going to make sense to really take a hard look at increasing our rig count for next year.
John B. Hess: Yeah. I think regarding the rig count, we're still finalizing all of our plans and budget with the operators. So it's too early to be specific on that. Again, with the Payara prospect, it's 10 miles northeast of the Liza-1 well. It's in a similar reservoir package that we've seen in Liza, but getting definitive beyond that, let's just wait and see the results of the well.
John B. Hess: Yeah. On the Bakken, it's more a function of price and value, but obviously with the improving cost performance that we have as well as the expansion of our stages to 50 stages from 35 stages, all of which we think has prices improve off of very attractive returns on a short cycle basis to our shareholders. And so that's why it's being given serious consideration and a finalization of the drilling rig program will give you and when we announce our budget for next year in January.
John B. Hess: And I think the key point there is obviously Liza is a world-class resource, in excess of a billion barrels of oil equivalent. So we think we're at beyond the commercial threshold already at current prices.
John B. Hess: Yeah, if you look at the mix, again, the individual well GORs are unchanged. And so, nothing is going on in the field from a GOR level. What has changed though is just the overall mix of production as we bring more wells, gas and NGLs as we bring more of that into the plant. So previously flared volumes – we're gathering additional previously flared volumes and putting those into the plant. So that's what's really going on with our mix.
John B. Hess: Yes. So right now, we do not have any hedges outstanding and we continue to look at hedges on a regular basis and we'll assess whether to add them as we've done in the past. Basically it's insurance to ensure funding of our capital projects. So then as John mentioned, as we look in 2017 and seeing where prices are, if we begin to put more capital back to work or add more drilling rigs in the Bakken, we will be considering adding hedging at that point as insurance.
John B. Hess: No. Those are actually lower stage count, but we're monitoring those wells closely to see, can we see breakthrough. So far we haven't, but we need a lot more data before we can be definitive.
John B. Hess: Yeah. So if we – as we mentioned in our remarks, there is two kind of two events that are going to happen, the first thing is on Conger. We'll get that defective valve replaced, and it will come, that well will come back online in the first quarter of 2017. As we move to Tubular Bells, there is two events that are going on there, well, actually three. First of all, we're going to commence water injection this quarter. Secondly, we have a fifth producer that will come online in the first quarter of 2017 and then finally, we'll get that third defective valve replaced in the fourth quarter and the well will come online in the first quarter. And so, that's how it kind of lays out on Conger and the T-Bells. The rest are pretty much just in run-and-maintain mode, run for cash.
John B. Hess: And I think the only thing I'd add there is, there were logical drilling breaks both in EG and South Arne associated with processing additional 4D seismic and ocean bottom seismic. So, those were logical, technical drilling breaks and we're in the process of evaluating all that data.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Doug, this is Greg. The well is still under evaluation. I mean, what we can say is that we found 200 feet of very nice quality oil sands consistent with the sands at Liza 1 and Liza 2. So we're going to have to wait until the well is fully evaluated. Regarding next steps on the well, you're right. We're deepening the well, sidetracking and deepening the well, going through some separate, but distinct deeper sand packages.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, Doug, first of all, we've got to finish the current deepening that we're on with the current well. So, we're in operations right now on that well. We've got to finish that out and depending on obviously what we find, could dictate how long the well takes to complete. And then we'll move the rig over to Payara and begin drilling at Payara there, again, depending on what we find, will dictate how long it actually takes to finish the well.
Gregory P. Hill: Hey, Brian, if I could just add – Brian, if I could just add a little more color on what John said. If you look at the well inventory that we have in the Bakken, that generates a 15% after-tax or a higher return at $50, that is now over 900 wells. And to put that in context, that's increased by some 40% for that same $50 number last year. So, as John said, as well costs have come down and our IT rates have gone up as a result of going to higher stage counts, we're sitting on a very high-quality inventory of wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So, I think as we said in our opening remarks, the EURs in the fourth quarter will approach a million barrels. The EURs in the Middle Bakken in the third quarter were just shy of 900,000 barrels and well costs continued to drop this quarter. They dropped from $4.8 million to $4.7 million in spite of the fact that we had a couple higher stage count trials, the 53 stage and the 57 stage count. So, we continue to make those lean manufacturing continuous improvement gains on the wells in spite of increasing – marginally increasing stage count.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think the – I think the three rigs to four rigs is appropriate. I think the only thing we can say is that number has moved closer to three than four, but it's still in between three and four to hold production flat.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think that the biggest thing that needs to be done is really the completion of the FEED work and getting bids back from contractors, all those things, and then obviously finalizing your final well designs and locations and all those. So it's just normal project progression to reach the FID point.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Evan. Really the difference in the numbers I quoted in the third quarter results is the mix of Three Forks wells. So this quarter had a higher proportion of Three Forks wells in it. Those IPs in the Three Forks this quarter were around about 800 barrels a day or so. And we also had an operational issue where we had some production curtailment due to some road restrictions that adversely impacted some of those Three Forks wells. So it brought the average down on the Three Forks, but that's why we gave you the Middle Bakken numbers. Middle Bakken numbers were very strong, less impacted by the production curtailment. So, it was that mix that really caused the quarter-on-quarter reduction. But as we said in the fourth quarter, we're going to see particularly Middle Bakken EURs approaching that 1 million barrel number in the fourth quarter, so we should have a very strong fourth quarter in terms of EUR in the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah we just said that – again, that should approach that 1 million barrels in the fourth quarter IP rates.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, so Evan, we think that the Bakken is really two different areas, right. So in the core of the core, we believe that sticking with sliding fleet completions and increasing that stage count as high as you can practically go, delivers the highest return. Now the proppant loading we're using in those areas, again, the core of the core is anywhere from 80,000 pounds to 110,000 pounds per stage and that just really depends on where we are because we have the data to kind of say, it's better to optimize that between 80,000 pounds and 110,000 pounds. Now, as you move outside the core, we continue to evaluate other designs, which includes slickwater, plug and perf, high proppant volume completions. And what we ultimately decide there, and we'll begin testing some of those techniques, whatever technique gives us the highest return per BSU, that is the one we're going to select. And so, the reason for the differences are simply because in the core of the core, you're on the flexure of the structure, so you have an awful high amount of natural fracturing. So you just need less of a proppant load. As you get outside the core, there's less of that effect, so that's what drives these different completion designs outside the core.
Gregory P. Hill: Evan (sic) [Ed], we're evaluating a whole number of different scenarios on development, so it's too early to talk about that, Ed.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Again, let's wait until the development gets sanctioned to be specific on exactly what the mix is. But it's got a very healthy GOR, which means it's going to have a good response from a recovery standpoint.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. No, thank you. I think the way we look at it is obviously we're always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio in the normal course of our business. However, with the robust portfolio of captured growth opportunities that we have, balanced between, I'd say the shorter cycle, Bakken, which is low risk and high return, with returns competitive with the Permian that you just talked about, as well as the longer cycle Guyana that we think will have world-class financial returns as well, acquisitions are low on our priority list.
Gregory P. Hill: So, we look at it, if you're asking like a sustainable CapEx level that we talk about for maintaining flat production, like if you look at right now, we're around, as John mentioned earlier, $2 billion of capital this year. With that, we have North Malay Basin and Stampede coming online and that 35,000 barrels a day comes online in 2018. So, when that comes online, you could – from our production levels that we have, we'll basically be able to keep our production levels flat, maybe some slight growth with when you're putting in and spending that $2 billion. So, I would say it's a range, right. You can do this like $1.75 billion to $2.4 billion type range of capital, all depending on your F&D cost that you have in a portfolio for us at our current production levels. So, we're producing 120 million, 130 million barrels a year. So, just using F&D and cost from that range can get you that general type of CapEx level. Now, we can certainly lower that CapEx level and maintain like kind of cash flow neutrality if we wanted to do that, but that would affect your long-term production growth.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, so we went into the year basically with about $700 million on both of these projects as a budget, $375 million on North Malay Basin, $325 million on Stampede. The North Malay Basin number will come down. So, we'll update you and give you the more specific number in January, but it's going to come down because as we said, it's going to start production in the third quarter. Now the Stampede number will go up because we have a second drilling rig coming into the field in January. And then once again, as we put our capital budget together in January, we'll update you on the specific numbers.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. You don't want to be specific, but it would be – it's going to be in that range again just because there will be an increase in Stampede and a reduction in North Malay Basin. But obviously once the third quarter starts, we're beginning to get cash flow out of North Malay Basin. And that's really the key again for us, is this 35,000 barrels a day comes in in 2018 and they go from using $700 million of cash to generating cash, so we're getting that big cash flow inflection point for us coming in 2018 on.
Gregory P. Hill: It goes back to what John Hess had said earlier, right. There is a balance of how we would use the additional cash flow. So, with our portfolio, you know we're oil-weighted, so a $1 move in oil prices gives us on an annual basis approximately $70 million of additional cash flow. So, we are in a position to really, with the recovery in oil prices, to benefit from it. So what we'll then do is go look at our short-term, our medium-term, and our long-term growth options that we know we have some very good return opportunities there, but we'll balance that with our balance sheet and making sure that stays strong and providing returns to shareholders. So, it will be a mix and we'll continually look at that mix to optimize it as we move forward.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Paul, so on the – you know, if we look at how we've able to hold production flat, although we had a drilling break, we brought 14 new wells online in the second quarter and nine wells in the first quarter, so you're seeing that really carry-over of those wells that we completed in the second quarter, those five wells, sorry. So, just to be clear again, we brought 14 new wells online in 2016, nine wells in the first quarter and five wells in the second quarter, so, you're seeing some carryover there. We anticipate the decline will come and it will probably come in the fourth quarter and first quarter next year is when we'll start to see that decline.
Gregory P. Hill: Just take a typical type curve in the Utica and you can predict pretty easily what that decline is going to be, Paul.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. I think at this point, it's just too early. Obviously, as John said, the reservoir is in the upper end of the range and we're doing all kinds of development studies to try and figure out the most optimum way to begin development of the reservoir, so stay tuned, more to come.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So when it comes online in the third quarter, the North Malay Basin field itself will carry very low cash cost. So from a cash cost standpoint, it's going to have a positive impact on our overall portfolio. Now the price is linked to high sulfur fuel oil there and it is only on a month lag, so is going to react to oil prices. And depending on where oil prices are – the amount of cash flow we get will increase or decrease depending on what's happening with oil prices. However, we do expect then as that's the third quarter coming in and then with Stampede coming on in 2018, I mean, I think the broader picture is, we're utilizing $700 million of cash right now and not getting any cash flow back. In 2018, that flips so; we're getting a – at least a pickup of $700 million of cash flow from those two projects. And again depending on prices, how much excess cash flow we get we'll see once we get to 2018. But again, that's why we're always looking and focus on keeping our balance sheet strong through 2017 whereas in 2018, we get this additional cash flow coming into our portfolio.
Gregory P. Hill: It should be – it will be the same because our capitalized interest right now is related to the Stampede project, so that will actually continue along until Stampede starts up.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we don't. Based on the – on our current reservoir studies, with this completion design, we think that's the optimum. Now having said that, we've done a few very close, even closer space pilots and we're waiting on the results of those. So it's too early to speculate one way or the other. But right now, we believe that nine in eight configuration, with the 500 foot well spacing, with 50-stage fracs appears to be the optimum. As we said though, we're going to continue to push that stage count higher if we can and we've just got a successful 60-stage trial in the ground. So we're excited about the possibilities there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Okay. So, I think, as the operator said, the Skipjack well didn't find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, but did find the same excellent quality reservoir that was seen in the Liza well. So, how we think about this in the context of the whole block is, again, this is a giant block, it's 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. We're in the very early stages of the exploration program and we continue to see numerous additional prospects and play types on the block. And we haven't even processed all the seismic yet. So, we still remain very excited about the potential of the block and try to get that (58:56).
Gregory P. Hill: Right. So just as – at a high level, the Midstream business itself, it's executing well as you can see from our numbers, the Hawkeye project will kind of – we're working to completion and that will come online in 2017. Market conditions obviously are getting better. And as you mentioned and John has mentioned earlier that we are making our initial preparations on increasing our drilling activity in the Bakken. And I think when you put all those together and we start increasing our drilling there in the Bakken, it does fit nicely into a timeline then for the MLP IPO.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I mean, we'll obviously talk about this as it gets further in the process. But there is no restriction for the Midstream to just be in our North Dakota business.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, so I think again it will reach plateau at 165 million cubic feet a day and the fact that we're pre-drilling most of the producers, that should be a pretty steady ramp.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, Guy, day in and day out, right now, we are focused on reducing costs, both on an operating basis as well as capital. So the biggest driver of the reduction in capital because we'd already had the activity reductions basically budgeted in or especially when we updated the forecast guidance, so it really has been efficiencies here and just continuing to look at better ways of doing things and reducing costs from that standpoint.
Gregory P. Hill: Right. So, as we talked about, we, across our portfolio, have very good return opportunities, both onshore and offshore. But the way we are thinking about allocating capital here as the prices come back and we've mentioned it is we are now initially preparing for increasing capital to the Bakken. So, that's going to have our first call on capital will be going to the Bakken. Then again now as prices continue to move and as you know, $1 move for us is $70 million of annual cash flow, we'll begin to look across the portfolio and there are opportunities across our offshore portfolio that we could increase capital to. So, it will be something that we'll be looking at and balancing it with where our balance sheet is and commodity prices are and returns to shareholders, but there's very good returns across our portfolio.
Gregory P. Hill: About – I'd say about 5,000 barrels a day will be in the Utica to – it will start declining here significantly with no activity happening in the Utica.
