John Hess: Yes, Doug, great question. I think ExxonMobil will be addressing that on their call, I understand, but we're sticking to the guidance that we gave, which by 2026 will be -- '27 will be over 1 million barrels a day of capacity. And I'd say that's a conservative number.
John Hess: Sure. No. Great question, Jeanine. I think a couple of perspectives on this. Obviously, we have a unique value proposition that we offer, which is industry-leading cash flow growth of compounding 25% a year each year out for the next 5 years based upon $65 Brent. So we certainly can see the visibility of our cash flow growth compounding and our free cash flow along with it. In terms of the timing of the share repurchases and commencing that, look, based upon market conditions and our significant cash flow growth that John Rielly was discussing earlier, we will give serious consideration to commencing our share repurchases this year. And as we look forward, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors, as we said, but also sustainable in a low price environment. And as our free cash flow generation steadily increases, share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. We will try as best we can to be opportunistic in buying our stock, buying more on dips. But at the same time, we do have a commitment to, on an annual basis, to return 75% of our free cash flow annually. But as you look forward, we'll continue to grow our dividend and then the greater proportion of our return of capital will be share repurchases. And based upon the market and cash flow growth for this year, we'll give serious consideration to moving forward with our share repurchases this year.
John Hess: Yes. And Neil, in terms of the Guyana government, our company and our joint venture have an excellent working relationship, a very constructive one with the government. Testament is the early April approval of Yellowtail. The government has been very clear with us that they would like us as a joint venture to accelerate the development of their oil resources to basically improve the prosperity and have shared prosperity for all Guyanese citizens. So it's a very constructive working relationship. It continues. We also want to help the government in social responsibility as well, trying to make a better future for all Guyanese. So it's an excellent relationship and we continue to work with them. And as I said before, ExxonMobil has done an outstanding job on project management and execution, bringing a lot of value forward for our joint venture, for the people of Guyana and for our shareholders in the excellent achievements they've had in terms of being really ahead of schedule now on Liza Phase 1, ahead of schedule on Liza Phase 2, ahead of schedule on Payara. And that track record is to the benefit of the Guyanese people as well as our shareholders.
John Rielly: No, Doug. It really has not changed. If you read our 10-K, so we do have a U.S. net operating loss in excess of $16 billion here for the U.S. So from a cash tax payment, the horizon really hasn't changed, so we do not anticipate paying cash taxes in the next 5 years or more.
John Rielly: Yes. And just to add to that, Paul, we don't have anything really right now from an add to our 2022 capital budget related to Payara. The Guyana developments are actually -- this is really just great execution by Exxon and SBM. So there's been no add to our budget for this acceleration of the Payara start-up.
John Rielly: Yes, sure. So again, with this year, right, let's just do a reasonable approximation, as Greg mentioned, 3% to 4% inflation so that's $80 million to $100 million on this year, plus adding the fourth rig, which we're giving serious consideration to, up to $100 million. So look, let's talk this year with an approximation around $2.8 billion. And then I just have to remind everybody going back like to the Guyana lifts, with 2 lifts in the first quarter, 7 in the second, 8 in both the third and fourth, that we're -- even with any increase in our capital budget, we're going to have significant cash flow growth and significant free cash flow growth throughout this year. Then start talking about next year. Now with Payara coming forward, it obviously accelerates our cash flow growth from our previous profile. So again, this durability story on our cash flow growth really can -- goes out, as John was mentioning earlier, to 2027. So when you look at the capital increase for next year, so what that really means if we accelerate this fourth rig in, and if I can just round it to $100 million, typically adding a rig is $200 million, rule of thumb. So for a full year, you're going to add another $100 million then to -- from Bakken standpoint. Then Guyana, to your point, I just want to say you did say it's early so this is early, but clearly, there will be some increase in Guyana capital, nowhere near matching this increase in cash flow growth that will be happening because at that point, now you're going to have finishing up work on Phase 2 but then you're going to have Payara in full swing. You got Yellowtail and then really that fifth FPSO that we talked about. So we're going to have those 3 FPSOs in capital. So there will be an increase, can I say, several hundred million in that capital in Guyana as you move into next year. Should be some offsets then. Southeast Asia down a little bit from this year. But that's kind of a rule of thumb, I would say, Paul. But the biggest thing for us is we've got this just increase in cash flow starting really next quarter with Guyana and now with Payara coming next year. First, we have Phase 2 and Phase 1 operating at full capacity and then Payara coming in, so significant cash flow growth tied into some additional capital.
John Rielly: So the way I would look at it is we picked up this inflation for the second half of the year. It's really -- that's what's happening. A lot of it, we did have some tubular steel kind of locked up in the first half, and we're seeing some increases now going into the second half of the year. So we're picking it up for half the year. I don't necessarily think you then need to double this as you move forward. We'll see what happens with oil prices and basically industry investment, too, for next year. So at this point, I wouldn't want to guide to that kind of level, Paul. And again, we do everything we can with lean and with different technology as well as, again, a lot of these contracts for Guyana, as Greg mentioned, we've kind of fixed these prices that we have so far. So at this point, I think it's early for us to talk about what the inflation will be next year.
John Rielly: Okay. So as mentioned previously, from a cash tax standpoint, we will not be incurring cash taxes, let me just say, for 5 years or anything in the near term. To your point, what happens now with higher prices and more income here in the U.S., we have a full, what we call, sorry, this is going to be accounting technical, valuation allowance against that net operating loss. So there will come a point in time where we will release that valuation allowance, effectively book a big gain, increase equity. And then what would happen is, as you use the NOL, we would be recording deferred tax expense. The exact timing of that, Paul, I don't know at this point. But again, this would all be noncash from that standpoint.
John Rielly: Roger, it was baked in there. We're not seeing as much there on the cash cost, cash operating costs, the capital. There's no question, there is some. It was in the number. But the biggest driver on that increase in the cash cost per BOE is the production taxes, which is driven by higher prices. So again, that helps our margins that way. So that -- when you're seeing that real increase there, it's really that increase in production taxes that's driving that higher cash cost.
John Rielly: No. Not really, Bob. Now look, we did set that out in a $65 world, that's for sure. That was how we set that up. All our forecasts going out is in a $65 world. So obviously, there can be impact. Again, like I just mentioned, with production taxes being higher from that standpoint. But you are correct that really what drives that down is Guyana. And in fact, if you look just at our numbers and the guide I gave and you just did the math on the second half of the year, second half of the year has to average about $12.60 on that cash cost to get to those numbers basically in the midpoint. And what's going to happen is third quarter will be a little bit higher, and then the fourth quarter is going to be lower than that $12.60. Why? Again, because Guyana continues to build up its production. So the more and more now that Payara is moving up early, and that it's -- to your point, it's that mix and having Guyana just drive down our cash costs, as well as Greg mentioned, getting that fourth rig on, we'll optimize our infrastructure and lower our unit cost in the Bakken as well.
GregHill: So Paul, as you know, those contracts are EPC contracts, right? So a lot of those costs are locked in. There has been inflationary pressures on the tubulars, in the drilling side. But again, I want to complement ExxonMobil. They're doing a fantastic job of driving efficiencies to offset a large part of those cost gains. So we should be in good shape.
GregHill: So again, as when we announced Yellowtail, remember, it's got a $29 breakeven, so this project is world-class. And Arun, it is, it's exactly what you said. Costs are a little higher because, of course, it's a bigger ship. You've got 30,000 more capacity on the oil side and also on the injection and water side. So it's a much bigger boat to start with. As you mentioned, there's more wells. There's more subsea manifolds associated with those wells. So it's really all just that extra kit that has been the primary driver. Wasn't a whole lot of inflation that we saw coming through the Yellowtail line. It's more just scope and scale. Exciting it's on track for 2025 start-up. The hole is actually done. It's sitting in Indonesian waters, waiting to come into Singapore as soon as Payara is complete and it floats away. But again, it's a world-class project, $29 a barrel breakeven. And of course, remember, it's developing 925 million barrels of reserves versus Payara that was 600 million, right? So for all those reasons, a little bit higher cost but extraordinary world-class economics.
GregHill: Yes. Well, of course, that's why we lowered our guidance for the second quarter and also lowered our year-end to be more at the bottom end of our guidance of 160 to 165 in the Bakken. Hey, it's been a tough winter with record storms in March and April, and of course, that has impacted our production. But Arun, it's not our first weather rodeo in the Bakken. It's transitory. We'll fully recover over the course of the quarter and then really be back on track to deliver our Q4 production in the range of 175 to 180, and that's a 15% increase in Q1. So again, it's transitory. We've been through this before. Just take a little time but we're on our way back.
GregHill: Thank you for the question. We're very pleased with the results. As you mentioned, Barreleye, 230 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs and 52 feet of that was high-quality oil bearing. Lukanani, 115 feet of sandstone, 76 of which was high-quality oil-bearing, so very, very pleased. And as you mentioned, it does -- these are further step-outs. And I think what it does show is just how massive this accumulation is down in Guyana, and it just keeps getting bigger and better as we continue to grow. And then we talked about Patwa, 108 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing sandstone reservoirs. Now what do all 3 of these mean? Well, they basically have allowed us to increase expected gross recoverable hydrocarbons to approximately 11 billion barrels, including Fangtooth and Lau Lau that we announced earlier in the year. Now how and when these resources will get developed to be a function of appraisal drilling results and development studies, but we are very pleased with the results of all of the wells that we've seen this year, met or exceeded all of our expectations.
GregHill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Neil, about the fourth rig. So we don't anticipate any bottlenecks or issues in getting that rig going. We're in active discussions with our contractors and suppliers up there so we're in really good shape. So why would we want to add that fourth rig? Well, given the high prices and world demand for oil, the world needs the oil, plus as you and I have talked before, that fourth rig would allow us to optimize our in-basin infrastructure, increase production to about 200,000 barrels a day. And as you recall, with our extensive inventory of high-return wells, we could hold that plateau for almost a decade and generate significant free cash flow from the Bakken as a result. So that's the logic for the fourth rig. We do not see any issues getting that fourth rig started up with crews or availability equipment or anything. So we're in good shape.
GregHill: No. Really, it's related to operations because really the best time to build locations is after the ice-out is over. So we'll go in and build those locations, get some new pads ready for that rig to operate on. So we don't sit around with idle pads laying around. We like to do it just in time, so we'll build those pads and get going drilling as soon as we can.
GregHill: And then, Bob, I think also we -- as we've mentioned before, the plateau on all of these vessels, really, they're all going to be -- they'll all be bespoke, but I think you could assume extended plateaus on all the vessels as we go out in time, just because of resource density in and around these hubs. So they'll be longer than what a typical deepwater development would be. But again, they'll all be different.
