Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Evan, thanks for the question. In fact, I just had a review of that yesterday. So yes, we are planning to deploy some coiled tubing completions and give it a try.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think first of all, our current standard design is 35 stages now. That's compared to 29 last year. So we've upped our stage count. So we've also upped our sand loading a bit to around 100,000 pounds per stage. We just continue to learn and watch and try new things to see what the best approach is, pay close attention to what competitors are doing as well and then try -- and to try some of those things on our own and see what the results show us. So...
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're evaluating that as well, the slick water. We haven't run one yet, but we're going to do that.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Yes, I think the maintenance is a routine. It was part of our forecast. So if you look at kind of a walk down between second quarter and third quarter pro forma guidance, as mentioned, the Bakken, we plan an increase there, but the -- all of the offset to that is the maintenance shutdowns that we talked about in the Gulf of Mexico and in the North Sea. So there's no other thing going on other than maintenance and being partially offset by the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, again, we're continuing the appraisal program in the Utica, and our plans would be to, certainly by the end of the year, to give much more visibility on the forward growth plans for the Utica. But again, we're very encouraged by what we see in the Utica.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Doug, it's related to 2 factors. One is increasing the stage count. So our standard design now is 35. In the quarter, we showed 33. That's because we had a few wells where we used lower-stage counts intentionally and some 6 40 patterns. But the average IP for the quarter was over 1,000, and that was driven by -- there were over 20 new wells in the quarter that averaged well over 1,000 barrels a day. 15 of those were Middle Bakken, and 5 were Three Forks. So it's a mix of where we're drilling but also the higher stage counts. So I think certainly, from the higher stage counts, that is sustainable, but rates will creep up relative to historic. Obviously, the mix will change as you kind of move around the field.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, again, it's both in the quarter. So certainly, where we are drilling matters. We are drilling in some good sweet spots right now, both for the Three Forks and for the Middle Bakken. And then as I said, with the stage counts going up and proppant loadings going up a bit, that's obviously contributed to higher IP rates. So it's really a mix of both geology and completion design.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think what we said in our opening remarks is that we'll bring 3 wells on at first oil. We'll ramp those over a period of about 8 weeks. Gulf of Mexico experience shows that you need to ramp them up slowly so you don't get sand influx. And we think that, that will -- once we get those 3 wells up, we'll be around 25,000 barrels a day and hopefully, there's a little bit upside to that number. But right now, we're quoting 25,000 barrels a day.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So first of all, once we are complete with the results of all the down spacing pilots by year end, we'll update guidance on pace and recover reserves, all the things that we talked about in our opening remarks. I think the main objective that we're trying to accomplish in the Bakken is to maximize asset value, and that is a function of pace and infrastructure build-out. So we're constantly trying to manage those 2 dimensions to ensure that we maximize ultimate NPV from the Bakken development, because you can go really fast and over build infrastructure that you don't need, and so we're really trying to optimize based on those 2 dimensions to maximize value from the asset.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think in Q2, we produced around 3,000 barrels a day from the Utica. That's our JV acreage with CONSOL. And in Q3, we expect to double that to approximately 6,000 barrels a day and then continue to build through the end of the year. And as we mentioned before, we plan to provide additional data and forecast later in the year on our outlook for the Utica. As far as the gas, we have dedicated third-party contracts in place for 2014 and negotiating new wins for expanding volumes, and we don't expect any bottlenecks or issues. Regarding NGLs and pricing and all that, revenues received by us are on realized spot market prices in the surrounding areas.
Gregory P. Hill: I'd just kind of highlight what the Tioga gas plant has done to us in terms of increased capacity. So on the inlet side, the plant can currently process about 250 million cubic feet per day gross on the inlet side. It also -- the expansion increased our liquids processing capability to some 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And if you look at what we're putting through the plant today, it's about 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day gross liquids. So you can see that there's further upside beyond that as we expand to plan capacity. Importantly, we also intend to debottleneck the plant to take the inlet capacity up to 300 million cubic feet a day. So we can see our way to another 50 million coming in at the plant, and we have the liquids capacity to deal with that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, really, 3 things. I mean, obviously, we've got a great acreage position in both the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks. We have a privileged infrastructure position that we're reaping the benefits now and will in the future. And then thirdly, we have a distinctive operating capability through Lean Manufacturing, and that's people, basically people and culture, and that's what's allowing us to continue to drive down quarter on quarter-on-quarter our well cost and also on productivity. Yes, and we're also scaling that capability over to the Utica, and we're seeing significant reductions in Utica, as well as we leverage those Bakken Lean Manufacturing learnings over to that play also.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we believe it will. I mean, I think we'll been in a good position to determine what our go-forward strategy is.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's right. So the Shakrok well -- although we discovered gas condensate in the Triassic, so there was hydrocarbons in the well, the well was deemed noncommercial.
Gregory P. Hill: In the process of being relinquished, which will take several months, right, but we're drilling the Shireen well now, which is a much larger block, and it appears to be -- and it's offset. So the two are completely unrelated.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's essentially built into our contingency that we build in every year, and so it's just an average number based upon historic performance of hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and that's just a bottom line correction to our overall production that's built-in.
John P. Rielly: So thanks, Doug. And yes, I mean, so now as you begin to see the Tubular Bells comes on, Bakken continues to ramp, Utica begins to grow. So obviously, there's some nice cash margins coming in, and our cash flow will continue to grow as this production increases. And to your point on where we are with our portfolio, and we haven't laid out where capital is going to be next year. But as we said, we are looking to become free cash flow positive post 2014 with Brent prices that stay at least $100. And so where we are from a focus on our free cash flow generation is that we are focusing on executing that strategy to profitably grow those -- that production in reserves to generate that cash flow and generate hopefully enhanced shareholder value. And then we'll continue to allocate capital to growth opportunities that offer the highest risk adjust returns, but we'll be balancing those investments in the business with current returns to shareholders. So it's not just asset sale proceeds.
John P. Rielly: So where we are right now in the strategic transformation that we went through? Yes, it was the proceeds and basically an excess cash flow from the proceeds. We were utilizing those to buy back shares. But as we get past that, and now we're in our -- that was a nonrecurring cash flow that came in, and we used that proceeds for that. When we get to the organic cash flow, yes, that can be balanced, and we'll be looking for the high-risk returns that we have within the portfolio, and we'll balance the use of that cash flow for that with current returns to shareholders.
John P. Rielly: That's something clearly that we're looking at. And especially -- as Greg mentioned, we're focused on getting what our ultimate field development plan will be, and we were planning to add that, but thanks for the comment.
John P. Rielly: So what we've said, Paul, is that, looking forward, what we'll do -- you're right. We're in a much better position with our balance sheet, but we will look at our price exposure on an annual basis. We are, we think, privileged because we have our portfolio is tilted towards oil. 70-plus percent of our production reserves are oil-based. So we'll look at our price exposure on an annual basis, and we may hedge to provide some insurance, but it will only be for that 1 year at a time.
John P. Rielly: Paul, I'll answer that. From a capital expenditure program, there's a decent amount of capital that we are putting in here that will grow for a number of years. If Valhall is, I think Greg has said in the past, we just redeveloped that field. So it's got a 40-year-plus life, the facilities that are on there. So when you look at those PV10, you've got development cost going out for a number, 40-plus years of development cost there. And so there is a well program. And as you said, it's an asset that generates very good cash flow for us, and we'll continue to invest in in-fill in the field. So that's what those development costs are for.
John P. Rielly: I would assume for now because we haven't given any guidance and we'll go as we get towards the end of the year, and we have to work obviously with the operator, BPB [ph] and the operator, but I would assume that there's some flattish-type CapEx in there because there's opportunities for drilling in the field.
John P. Rielly: Yes. With the expansion of the plant and obviously, as Greg had mentioned earlier, the boosting of the liquids output, there is a higher shrinkage factor associated with the gas. So you're probably going from a -- previously a 15% type shrinkage to over 50% factor there.
