John Rielly: Sure, Arun. Thanks for the question. As usual, we will provide, to your point, our 2023 capital guidance in January, but I'll try to give you some high-level information now compared to 2022. So if we're going to start with Guyana. In 2022, we have $1 billion of development spend. And as you know, that includes two projects, Payara and Yellowtail. So in 2023, we will continue spending on Payara and Yellowtail, but we will add, subject to government approval, a third development project at Uaru. And, to a lesser amount a gas to energy project as well. So while the Uaru project is going to have industry-leading returns and a low cost of supply, the cost of the Uaru project, as you mentioned, will be higher, reflecting the current market conditions as well as additional scope to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. So with that, we currently expect our Guyana spend to increase by approximately $500 million to $700 million in 2023. So the midpoint of that would be going up from $1 billion to $1.6 billion. In the Bakken, we are spending approximately $850 million this year, and we added the fourth rig later in the year. So we expect an additional $250 million of spend in 2023, reflecting a full year of a 4-rig program. And that 4-rig program as well as the expected industry inflation drives that $250 million increase there in the Bakken. In the Gulf of Mexico, we are still finalizing our 2023 program, but we do see the potential for two well tiebacks and also one hub class exploration opportunity. So with that is approximately $150 million increase in the Gulf of Mexico. So therefore, adding those up, taking the midpoint of the Guyana number, we expect our 2023 capital exploratory spend, and again, it's preliminary to be approximately $3.7 billion or about $1 billion more than 2022.
John Rielly: It is premature at this point. And I mean, again, think about us from a longer-term standpoint on production growth, we've seen that we can grow our top line production growth. And it's just an output of the great opportunities that we have in Guyana that over the long term, we can grow at greater than 10%. Because – just think about in 2024 now, as Greg mentioned earlier, we'll get the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day. And then we'll have Payara on as well. So that's going to add another 50,000 to 55,000 barrels. So right then add those two together, you're almost up 25% absolute from where we are right now. So again, as we move into next year, we'll give that production guide early in the year. But the growth is going to be lumpy basically when the FPSOs come online. So that's how you should think about it as we move into next year.
John Rielly: Yes. Hey Doug, I just want to make sure what you said earlier because this year, we are actually returning more than our 75% in our framework. So just remember, our framework, we did our debt reduction of $500 million. And as John mentioned, our framework has the flexibility when oil prices are strong to do more than 75%. And that's what we are doing this year. As John mentioned, we'll complete the $310 million in the fourth quarter. So again, we have that flexibility to stay strong. And as John said, depending on market conditions, we'll do 75% or more, we'll see.
John Rielly: Sure. So with that backdrop, I mean, Neil, what we do is, we use put options for our hedging strategy. And with all the variables that John just mentioned and the time value here the volatility levels right now, putting on the puts would be too expensive. So, we do plan to get the similar level of hedge protection that we had this year. Now, we will continue to watch the market. We’ll try to get some on in the fourth quarter, but it could be early next year that we get these hedges on. So, you should expect us to get that – a similar hedge position on. It will just be a matter of timing when we do it. And again, just with put options.
John Hess: No, you have to ask Exxon about that but our comment about by 2027 having productive capacity growth of over 1 million barrels of oil per day. That's very consistent with what Exxon has said the last several years, and that's the correct…
John Hess: Doug, I think the 2027 number of six FPSOs and at least 1 million barrels a day of gross production is a good number. It's a conservative number, and is there some upside to that? Yes, there certainly is.
John Hess: No. Well, as opposed to talking about your math, let's talk about our math. We're saying 1 million barrels a day, six FPSOs, 2027, there's upside to that number.
John Hess: Yes Doug, thanks for the question. It's an excellent one. As we look to 2023, our financial priorities remain first, to invest in our high-return opportunities, especially in Guyana and Bakken that John talked about, the $3.7 billion capital program. Second to maintain a strong cash position and balance sheet to ensure that we can fund these high-return opportunities and investments through the cycle. Then we would give strong consideration next year to further increasing our regular dividend. And then following that, in line with the capital return program, where we have committed to returning the remainder of our free cash flow up to 75% through share repurchases. And similar to this year, we have the flexibility to return in excess of 75%. You'll recall, at the end of the quarter, we had $2.38 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So we have flexibility for next year. So depending upon market conditions, oil prices, financial prices, where the recession and the economic slowdown come out, we'll be positioned to increase our return on capital further. But that's going to be a decision that we'll make as we go into next year. First, to make sure that we can fund our high-return programs; second, keep the strong balance sheet; third, increase the dividend. And then anything left over as we go out, not just next year but in the years ahead, and we deliver increasing levels of free cash flow. We expect share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our capital return program in the years ahead.
John Hess: Yes. Steve, I want Greg to answer that. But you have the clarity on what production is going to be. It grows a million barrels a day at least in 2027. I think that’s really important. So people don’t get confused by other releases. That is the number, and there’s upside to that. Now, Greg can talk more about tiebacks and plateaus, but that million barrels a day is a very good number that people should use in terms of having clarity and visibility of the production growth trajectory.
John Hess: And again, to underline what John said, that’s to protect the downside and still give our shareholders the benefit of the upside.
John Hess: Paul, thanks for the easy question. Look, Libya is still having political unrest, political divide between the east and the west. And there are some encouraging signs that they’re going to start coming together for the leadership of the country. But it would be premature for me to comment further on that. We are still hopeful that we’re going to be able to conclude our sale of our assets there to total and ConocoPhillips, but it needs a leadership approval from the government and that’s a work in progress.
John Hess: So I’ll start with the asset retirement obligations, then I’ll hand it over to Greg for the Gulf. So the asset retirement obligations that we had that we took the charge on this quarter, it was basically for non-producing properties that we just updated our estimates on those wells that are being abandoned. And this is really kind of near-term wells that we’re going to be working on. So that yes, is more of a one time. Now overall, like we’ve got a lot of wells that will come to be abandoned, but over the long term, and the change in the estimate for all those wells, were not that much, but what happens from an accounting standpoint is when they’re producing, you increase the liability, increase the asset. So again, I would say you don’t have to think about it more as a recurring type thing. This is kind of a one off for these non-producing properties that we have in the near term.
John Hess: Yes. And Bob, obviously, this is all subject to government approval. We’re going to be putting our plan of development in and assuming something in the range conceptually of 250 a day is probably a good planning assumption, but again, it’s subject to government approval.
John Hess: Yes. And there are a number of other prospects that we had a recent review on one’s called Lancetfish, which is the East of Fangtooth. Then we have Fish-1 and Fish-2 that are reasonable distance to the West and Northwest of Fangtooth. So, there’s a lot of prospectivity to come. As we get more success in finding these deeper horizons, our ability to correlate the seismic new prospects are lighting up. So there’s a lot more upside that Greg’s talking about that hopefully in the next six months we’ll be able to give updates on.
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So first of all, I would say the inboard oil play has been very successful because we've had four discoveries in the area. So recall, Barreleye had 230 feet of high-quality pay. Seabob had 131 feet of high-quality pay, as we announced this morning; Uaru had 75 feet of high-quality pay. And finally, Lukanani had 115 feet of high-quality pay. So all of those will help to underpin a future development. And even though Banjo was dry, it had noncommercial qualities of – quantities of hydrocarbons; it had hydrocarbons that went through it. We've got more wells to drill in that area. So if I step back and say four successes, one non-commercial and more to come, I still feel very optimistic about – I still feel very optimistic about the inboard play. And also, I think it's important to know that Banjo was the Western most prospect that we drilled in that inboard play as well.
Greg Hill: Okay. Great. So, I think the plateau rates or lengths, I should say, are going to vary by vessel. However, given the high resource density and the potential for near-field tiebacks. And that’s in both the upper campaign and the deeper plays, because remember, the deep play underlies the shallow or upper campaign in reservoir. So, we expect to see these production plateaus main for a longer period than what would be typical for other deepwater development. So, I’m pretty optimistic about the length of the plateaus. But again, each one will be bespoke based upon the reservoir density in and around each vessel.
Greg Hill: Sure. So, we guided $165 million to $170 million in the fourth quarter of this year. And that really reflects a couple of things. One is most of the wells are going to be completed at the back end of the quarter. We also looked at our historic kind of weather performance in the fourth quarter, and we increased our contingency a little bit in the fourth quarter to reflect that. If you think about where we’re headed in the Bakken with the four rigs, that’s going to allow us to increase production to about 200,000 barrels a day in 2024. And with our extensive inventory of high-return wells, we expect to hold this plateau for nearly a decade and then generate significant free cash flow. And during that period of time, you can assume that the oil percentage of the wellhead is going to be broadly flat at around that 65%. So, you can almost end point this year and pretty much straight line to the end of 2024, assuming the end of 2024 would be 200,000, and that will give you a reasonable approximation of what the trajectory will be.
Greg Hill: Yes. So on the inflation, like our competitors, we’re seeing upward pressure across both our onshore and offshore businesses and steel prices, labor costs, rig rates. So let’s talk about the Bakken first. Regarding the Bakken, now what we’ve seen this year, the industry has seen overall inflation of 15% to 20% versus 2021. However, as you know, our teams have been able to reduce this to 8.5%. And we’ve done that through lean manufacturing, strategic contracting and technology, and that’s enabled us to deliver that B and C cost of $6.3 million per well in 2022. So our net inflation has been about half of what the industry has seen in the Bakken, if you will. Now, if we look to 2023 in broad terms, we’re anticipating a further 15% to 20% inflation in oil country tubular goods, even though steel prices are moderating, the mills are still at capacity and demand is very strong. We’re also expecting 15% to 20% potentially in drilling rigs and 5% to 10% inflation in frac spreads, frac sand and labor. So that kind of gives you an idea. Now of course, we’re working to mitigate some of these further increases, and we’ll guide well cost in the Bakken in January 2023 as usual. And recall in Guyana, the first four FPSOs are contracted and have limited exposure to inflation, and I should add that operators have done an excellent job of offsetting any inflation in oil country tubular goods, et cetera, through the efficiency gains that they’ve realized in Guyana. Now as already mentioned, the Uaru FPSO cost is going to reflect current market conditions as well as scope changes, and we’ll give an update on Uaru once the project has been approved and sanctioned, but it will still be world-class, still have world-class breakevens.
Greg Hill: No. I think in the short term, it’s all about the gas pipeline to sure slipstream [indiscernible] off of Liza and supply onshore clean power plant that the government will build. Beyond that, very long term in terms of LNG or anything like that’s way down the road. We are focused on optimizing the development plan to move those oily developments forward. And as John said, we have clear visibility to six, and the seventh is likely just around the corner. That will be an oily boat as well.
Greg Hill: Thanks. And Paul, let me talk about, kind of where we’re headed, in the Gulf. So, as you kind of intimated, the Gulf of Mexico remains in a really important cash engine and platform for growth for us. And so our objective is to sustain or grow production there through both tiebacks and hub class exploration opportunities. So we’ve been selectively rebuilding our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, as you know, in the last six years, and we’ve acquired more than 60 new lease blocks and have a really good balance of both types of opportunities. So I think a good planning assumption is that we would drill two wells per year for the next several years, and then if we kind of hone in on 2023, we’re still finalizing the program. But we’re seeing the potential next year for two tiebacks and one hub class exploration opportunity based upon the success of our Huron well this year. And also in most of these prospects that I talked about, our partners are Shell and Chevron. So we’re in with a very good partnership in the Gulf.
Greg Hill: Oh, thanks, Bob. I think, the opportunity to kind of debottleneck is going to be bespoke. So it’s going to be vessel by vessel. Now, recall with debottleneck Phase 1, it went from 120 to 140. Based on the early production performance of Phase 2, it looks likely that we will probably have some debottleneck potential there. As these well – as these vessels come on, based upon the early production history, call it the first year or so, that is when you’ll decide, where your pinch points are and how much bottlenecking capability there is on each vessel. So it’s going to be bespoke and we’ll just have to wait and see what that early production data shows.
Greg Hill: Well, I think, 10% to 15% is kind of what would be typical, if you look at Phase 1 and maybe potentially Phase 2, 275, I don’t know, I just don’t know. Again, every vessel is going to be different and I think it’d be premature to throughout numbers like that.
Greg Hill: Well, I think, the results speak for themselves. I mean, the deep is very promising. And I think we will continue. As I said in my opening remarks, we will continue to really understand, the deep potential with many of the wells that we’re going to be drilling in the fourth quarter. Fangtooth Southeast, for example, located eight miles Southeast of Fangtooth is going to spud. And then that, Fangtooth is a very high quality, very large reservoir system, and putting another well, eight miles Southeast of there will tell us a lot. So I am very optimistic about the deep.
Greg Hill: Yes. And Bob, just to remind you that, the Phase 1 is 62 miles Northwest of Liza-1, so that gives you an idea the extent of some of these deep reservoir systems, what we see. And then of course, Lancetfish is tuck close to Liza, it’s about three miles west of the Liza-1 well, and it’s targeting deep sands that underlie that Liza complex.
Greg Hill: No, look again, I think we already talked about the significance of Banjo. I think that the question is really about the inboard oil play. And recall, we’ve had four discoveries in this area, Barreleye, Seabob, Uaru, Lukanani, which all had significant amounts of oil pay. Banjo was the western most well, so in that area, it was a bit of an out step, if you will, from the fairway. We’ve got a bunch more wells to drill in that area. So I don’t think you should read anything negative into the Banjo result at all.
Greg Hill: Well, we have been doing a number of refracts and the results have been very good. And in some cases, the wells, the IP rates that we’re seeing are as good as some of the new wells. And that’s not surprising because these were kind of vintage 001 completions. We have several hundred wells that we could refrac and we will fit them in our program as we go forward. One of the advantages of the refrac program is it allows you more continuity with a frac crew. So we’ve been sort of dovetailing some refracs into our program just to maintain continuity of a second frac crew. So you’ll see more of that activity next year. But so far so good. The results are good and the returns are very good because all the infrastructure are already there, the well’s there, so.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everyone. John Hess, while you’re on the subject of oil markets, could you give an update and outlook for Libya, please? Thank you.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Another thing which is a little bit inside baseball, but maybe an opportunity for you to talk about a big theme is the asset retirement obligations that you had in the quarter. Is that a sort of a one and done payment that you’re making in the Gulf of Mexico? Is there an outlook there for more of the same, or is that sort of putting an end to it? And could you comment on the overall attractiveness and position in the Gulf in Mexico and your plans there? We don’t really talk too much about it. But obviously, we’re aware you’ve got a pretty good position. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And I’ll ask a leading question, has government policy made a difference to the way you’ve looked at the Gulf of Mexico? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
