Doug Leggate: First, I've got a couple, if I may. First question is to John Rielly. John, the cash flow number you gave was net of working capital, but can you X the working capital gain, cash flow looked a bit light. Can you walk us through what has gone on with particularly deferred tax and any other unusual items that explained that number? And then I have got a couple of exploration follow-ups, please.
Doug Leggate: That makes a ton of sense, makes - reconciles the number. Thanks, John. My follow-up, to the extent you can answer on two non-operated exploration wells, I mean clearly exploration is getting no quarter with the market right now. But these looked like to John comments, look like they could be pretty material. So Greg, first of all on Melmar, could you walk us through the genesis of how you got that in this market, spending additional capital on exploration might seem surprising to some. So what is the genesis of your entry there to the extent you can talk about the prospect? My understanding is this is a $2 billion to $4 billion oil-in-place target. I mean are those numbers right? And how would you risk it? I've got a follow-up on Liza, please.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My final one, if I may, is also on exploration, Greg. And again, I realize Exxon is the operator. So the constraints that puts around you. But you did put $70 million in your budget for predevelopment. I'm just wondering what that means. Again, you hit rock quality with Melmar, but we’re hearing that the rock quality in Liza could be kind of off the charts. So if you could give some color there and maybe some idea as to what an early production system might look like, acknowledging that it is only one well and perhaps we are getting a little bit over our skis, but any color you can provide, it would be helpful. Thanks.
John Rielly: Sure. In the fourth quarter we did have some special charges in the fourth quarter and some of them do have a cash flow impact. So they are impacting what a normal run rate would be in the fourth quarter. So the first part of that in the E&P charges are for surplus materials and supplies just due to reduced drilling plans so that was approximately $25 million in the quarter that was reducing cash flow, that $221 million. And then also we had lower cost of market in the fourth quarter of approximately $40 million. So those two right there, from a special charges aspect, gets you about $65 million kind of a nonrecurring impact in the quarter. And then there's a couple of other things, one from the specials outside of E&P is for Hovensa. So part of the charge relates to the relinquishment of proceeds that we provided during bankruptcy plus we get legal fees in there. So that was approximately $20 million in the quarter again reducing cash flow from operations. And then on an operating standpoint, you probably saw you noticed our exploration costs were up in the quarter just from a run rate standpoint it was in line with our full-year guidance, but in the fourth quarter we had higher seismic approximately $20 million to $25 million in the quarter. So again from a recurring type standpoint it's just impacting at lower cash flow in the fourth quarter. And then the last thing you heard, I did mention there was a 1 million barrel under lift. So even though that had from a results standpoint not much of an impact, it does have a cash flow impact in the quarter. And so you are ranging that $10 million to $15 million for that under lift. So all told, it is about $125 million when you add those numbers up kind of reducing the cash flow from operations in the quarter.
John Rielly: Sure, Ed. The way we look at it in and obviously as Greg said, Guyana is an exciting opportunity for us and you kind of laid it out with North Malay Basin coming on-stream in 2017 turning into a cash generator and then Stampede following in 2018. We don't really see any significant developments spend coming our way from Guyana in 2017 and 2018. We see further exploration spending coming in. So the bigger development spend will be coming in fitting nicely into our portfolio as North Malay Basin and Stampede come up. So I can’t really give you any specific guidance, but that's how we think about the spending going over the next couple of years.
John Rielly: Yes, I think Ed, with the two-rig program we feel pretty confident we can hold production in that range of 95,000 to 105,000 barrels a day through 2016. If you think about how that trajectories going to unfold those throughout 2016, it’s going to start the year at the high-end of the range and it’s going to be end the year at the lower end of the range. So if you fast-forward to 2017 and set I held two rigs through 2017 obviously you would see some decline year-on-year, you can't hold it flat for more than a year with two rigs.
John Rielly: Paul, I can answer this even - I guess maybe just a little bit more broadly. But of that $600 million about half of it is due to cost-saving. So we are seeing further cost savings from the numbers that that we had provided in October. So we’re getting about $300 million there across and some of it is in the development project, some of it is in our existing assets. And then the other half, like reducing to the two rigs in the Bakken is due to deferral of activity.
John Rielly: So the actual transaction did close right before year-end. However, we have not received the cash yet. That will be coming in the first quarter. The contract though is confidential I can't give you the number on that. But it is not a significant amount.
John Rielly: Okay, David that’s - let me go through, I’ll tell you how I think you should be looking at 2016. So we finished the year as you know with $2.7 billion of cash and obviously we’re going to have cash flow from operations in 2016. So as we just released yesterday, you saw our capital spend program is estimated to be $2.4 billion in 2016. In that $2.4 billion is approximately $200 million of exploration cash spend, like seismic and G&A that’s part of cash flow. So we have to fund capital expenditures of $2.2 billion and we have our dividend of approximately $285 million, let me just round that to $300 million. So our capital and our dividend is going to be $2.5 billion in 2016. We have a cash balance at the end of 2015 of $2.7 billion. So effectively we can fund our capital program and our dividend out of our cash balance and still have $200 million left over at the end of 2016 and obviously we still have the revolver undrawn. So then with that $200 million left from the cash account, David I am going to give you some work to do here. Because now you have to estimate what the cash flow from operations are going to be in 2016 and that depends on your commodity price assumption. So we’ve given you the production guidance, the cash cost guidance and whatever cash flow from operations that you then come to you can add to that $200 million and that’s where we will sit. So we are in a good liquidity position coming into this year and I think that's how you have to look at 2016.
John Rielly: So we never really try to forecast because it’s so difficult quarter-to-quarter, so in the fourth quarter we were - the Bakken was getting between $6 and $7 under TI and again the economics are right now favoring more to pipe then rail.
John Rielly: Sure, so from a commitment standpoint what we’d be looking at over the next couple of years is to complete North Malay Basin, to complete Stampede and obviously continue the exploration that we have going on in particular in Guyana. So in 2017, the North Malay Basin will be coming online so we have $375 million in the budget this year that is essentially reducing our free cash flow by that $375 million. Now, we don't have exactly what the budget will be for North Malay Basin next year as far as pure capital, but it will be considerably lower than the $375 million, but again no matter what that number is it will be generating free cash flow. So as you look to 2017 you will get an improvement of free cash flow just related to North Malay Basin of $375 million. And then again you follow-on that with Stampede so you have $325 million this year not generating free cash flow. Again we don't have the budget set for 2017. I don't expect it to be that different in 2017 as you move forward with Stampede and so it won't be until 2018 that you’ll turnaround that $325 million of free cash flow.
John Rielly: Sure Evan. So again, as we go through that, I mean we are just on a good position probably relative to our competition with this $2.7 billion of cash. We don't need any cash flow from operations to fund our capital program, as I mentioned of $2.2 billion, plus the dividend if I round up to $300 million. So we can fund that completely out of our cash account and have $200 million left over in there. And there will be, if you want to sit at a minimum level you are somewhere around that, say at the $200 million that you want to at least keep in our system between the U.S. and internationally. But again we don't even need any cash flow from operations just to repeat that to fund the capital or dividend. So anything again as your estimate for cash flow from operations will just get added to that cash balance. We won't be near this any minimum levels as it relates to cash.
John Rielly: Oh no, that was not - there was no addition to our reserves in 2015 for the North Malay Basin expansion.
John Rielly: Okay, so what we have for North Malay Basin and this is kind of you get to this unique reserve accounting of rules because we don't - during 2015 we did not have a significant amount of wells in the ground that we could book proved reserves on and as Greg mentioned we started the drilling program more - now ticking it off in 2016 to drill up the reservoirs. We didn't have that significant of reserves say initially. And then when you run it through the reserve accounting requirements because those proved reserves are low compared to the gas sale contract we can't book the reserves here in 2015. So what will happen is as Greg’s team just drills out in 2016, we’ll actually begin booking the reserves at North Malay Basin.
John Rielly: I’ll start with the timelines to first oil are intact. When I was talking about cost savings, it was across the portfolio, we had a mix of that $600 million worth kind of a half of it was cost savings and a half of it was deferment of activity. So there is a mix on North Malay Basin and Stampede, it's not like that was all cost savings.
John Rielly: First of all, no I guess is the answer on an overall basis, I just wanted to let you know in our supplement that is being posted we actually have the 2016 minimum volume commitments there, maybe I can just walk you through that from a processing standpoint this 2016 commitment is a 186 million scuffs a day. In the fourth quarter we’re right at that 186 and as I mentioned earlier we had unplanned downtime in the third quarter we’re up at 210 in the second quarter 202, don't see any issues with that with the two-rig program. From the pipeline standpoint we gathered 50,000 barrels of oil per day and the commitment is 45 in 2016 and gas gathering was 198 in the fourth quarter and the minimal vol is 189 do not see an issue there. So the one small thing that we may see and we think it’s under $10 million save to us, is going to be on our logistics on the rail. Because as we mentioned earlier the economics now are favoring more to the pipeline but obviously that can change. So just from in the fourth quarter our terminal throughput was 62,000 barrels of oil per day the minimum volume commitment is 73,000 back in the second quarter we had 82 going through that terminal. But as far as the rail terminal crude loading, we were at 42,000 barrels a day the minimum volume coming is 38 and for rail services is 43,000 barrels a day for the minimum volume commitment and the fourth quarter was at 43,000. So bottom line we do not expect any real issues from the minimum volume standpoint and the build-out for the Hawkeye south of the river will begin to add throughput back into the system for us.
John Rielly: Yes, if you hold on one second I can give you we had not quantified per se what are the additional volumes that absolutely will be coming through, but I can give you capacity from the south of the river infrastructures so we are adding approximately 75,000 barrels a day from the oil standpoint and 50 million cubic feet per day from the gas compression. Now the project itself is also going to add interconnection points for the capture of third-party oil volumes into the midstream system as well.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so on Melmar. Let me just open Doug. Of course we are in a long-term business and we need to both think about today and tomorrow, so and one of the things we’re seeing is this low price environment has created a lot of opportunities to access very high-quality longer-term growth options at very competitive entry cost. So Melmar is a great example of that. Melmar, if you look at it it’s a very large four-way on the proven prolific Perdido trend. So we farmed into a 35% working interest position at all eight blocks covered by the structure. I think importantly, it’s one of the last undrilled large Paleogene four ways in the Perdido trend and therefore has a very high chance of geologic success. The second thing about it, it's got a water depth of about 5,200 feet now that's compared to 7,900 feet at Great White. And so that what that means is it has higher projected reservoir pressures compared to Great White. The development costs could be significantly lower, given the shallower depth, and importantly the rock properties across the impermeability and deliverability are also going to be likely be the best in the Perdido trend. So when you look at the prospect, it was one of these really quality prospects that you could get in at very low entry cost. So that's why we get it.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think, so first of all the rock property is fantastic. Very good porosity, very good permeability for deepwater at this depth, it is truly almost an outlier in that respect. Regarding the early production system we have money in our budget to begin looking at the development options, obviously the development options will be depended upon what you figure out in the appraisal program. So other than that we can't really be specific because it depends on what we find in the appraisal program, so but very good, very exciting Guyana province here.
Gregory Hill: Okay, thanks Paul. Really there is four factors. So first of all the two-rig program is really focused in the core of the core with the higher EURs and IP rate. I think the second factor is we’ve increased the stage count from 35 being our standard design to 50-stage fracs as our standard. And if you look at the impact of the 50 stage design we are seeing about a 20% increase in IP 30, 60 and 90. So obviously that's going to carry through. I think the third thing is we are going to have increased gas and NGL capture in the plant as the Hawkeye south of the river system comes on in the third quarter of the year. And then the last is just increased drilling efficiencies. So further reductions in the spud-to-spud base. So it’s really all four of those factors add up to you can still hold the range even with the two-rig program.
Gregory Hill: Okay I will try to answer all three of you. So the first one, you are focusing on the Bakken but it does apply across the portfolio that we do have high you know I mean there is a good amount of the costs that are fixed and so obviously we are trying to attack the fixed cost in this low-price environment as well as the variable costs and making sure we get all the variable costs out as we reduce activity. So we have been seen from let’s just pick the Bakken on our cash cost per barrel we’ve been seen significant reductions like if you go back from the first quarter of 2014 through the fourth quarter of 2015. We've been seen significant cost reductions on our cash cost per barrel. And you probably heard when I gave the 2016 guidance we are giving guidance that our cash cost per barrel are going down in 2016 and that’s with a reduction from 368,000 barrels a day pro forma production down to our 3.30 to 3.50. So we are trying to stay up with especially in this low oil price environment reducing fixed costs and variable costs and so we are attacking both of them. As far as DD&A from a trajectory standpoint, you heard from our guidance actually our DD&A was going up in 2016 and that it's directly related to the reserves. So you heard the reserves are going down from the price revisions so with those lower reserve amounts that's going to increase our DD&A up as prices recover, then those reserves will come right back on the book. And so in a normal environment what would be happening say in the Bakken as we continue to add reserves through our performance in additional drilling and now that we’ve got all the infrastructure spend kind of behind us our DD&A would be going down over time. As far as Stampede, and I’m going to hand it back to Greg for that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so thanks for that. Stampede, if you look at it most of the costs have already been committed, but we have taken advantage of the lower price and service environment and actually got some savings from Stampede. As we put in our capital press release yesterday, we will spend about $325 million in 2016 in Stampede.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so you're right Liza was less than $80 million net to us. Regarding future well costs, you are going to have to refer to the operator. What I will say is obviously the appraisal wells will be higher cost, because we’re doing lots of testing and coring and the normal things that you would do in the appraisal part of the program.
Gregory Hill: I think we have given guidance before and we’ll be at the upper end of that range obviously because we are in the core of the core of the Bakken. So our previous guidance will be in the high-end of the range.
Gregory Hill: It will be. Once you had the 50-stage fracs, so we need to update our guidance once we get over entirely.
Gregory Hill: Yes, about 75% of our volume now is on pipe and the clear book differential that goes into that $6 number that John was just talking as a discount to WTI just maybe 250 refineries and turnarounds so that number was about 150 before. So there's a lot of dollar weakness now, but refineries come back on we expect that to recover.
Gregory Hill: Thanks for that question. It is striking the balance and I think with our budget and operating two-rigs in the Bakken, we think we've achieved the right balance. So we’re doing creative things with doubling up people and moving them over to special assignments and all at, making sure that they're ready for the inevitable ramp-up that will come in the Bakken.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so if you look at 2015 particularly at the back half of year when we had a lot of 50-stages coming online. We were at the top end of our guidance range so the 550 to 650 we were at the very top end of that. We average 650 for the whole year in 2015. And as we drill on the core of the core you know next year and do the 50-stage fracs we expect to be in the high-600 to the mid-700 range. So you're seeing that uplift, also on the IP rates you could see a similar sort of effect I mean the range we've given on the IP rate is 800 to 950 and obviously with 50-stage fracs on the IP rate you're going to be up there. One another point I want to make about you know the well costs on the Bakken. The well costs for the fourth quarter averaged $5.1 million per well, which is about a 28% reduction from the year ago and 4% reduction from Q3 again that lean manufacturing machine just continuing to work. We said that we expect cost next year to be broadly flat at that $5 million to $5.1 million per well level. But of course that math, the significant amount of ongoing improvement because embedded in that number of the $5.1 million is the 40% increase in stage count. So we expect to fully offset that increased cost due to the higher stage count with continued lean manufacturing gain. So again, a 20% uplift in production for basically the same cost is what you have this year. So obviously that's going to be good for returns.
Gregory Hill: Yes, it will improve again next year I mean this year we averaged about 22 wells per rig during the year that's going to increase to say, 24 or so next year.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so let's talk about Liza appraisal first. I mean we want to get a dynamic test that will tell us about potential compartmentalization in Liza. We also want to find where the contact is so that will be the primary two objectives of the appraisal wells in Liza. The exploration wells are basically the objective there is to figure out what we are seeing on seismic, is that replicable in other areas of the block, because we have a lot of look-alikes on seismic. So we want to get a well or two in a couple of the other things and see what running room we have on the block. We think there's a lot, but obviously you'll need some more wells to figure that out.
Gregory Hill: No, I think part of lean manufacturing is every day you look for the next improvement. So in terms of piloting though I think we've done the infills nine and eight and very successful, 50-stage fracs been very successful. So those now will become our standard design obviously in the core of the core. But every day, we are looking for the next improvement right. So that that drive will continue, that will go on, and we are constantly trying to improve everything across our business there. And that’s all part of the lean manufacturing philosophy.
Gregory Hill: Well, certainly if you think about what we are in currently so Sicily, clearly Chevron wants to move forward or aligned to that on the appraisal. ConocoPhillips obviously moved forward with Melmar, Guyana moving forward with Exxon; Nova Scotia BP moving forward. So we don't really see any partner risk of people not wanting to move forward. Regarding your question, in the opportunity space. There is a lot of opportunity out there, very good prospects, very low entry cost, but we are going to be extremely disciplined and it's going to have to be really good in order for us to even consider adding it to the mix. And Melmar was one example of something that was very good and we made the decision to get in, but we are going to be extremely disciplined and very selective on how we do that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so I mean if you look at cost reductions if you look at the onshore I would say the progression of cost reductions in the onshore has been much more rapid than the offshore. For very practical reason the offshore fleet - there's still a lot of rigs on contract at relatively high prices. The yards are full, still full as you kind of look around the globe so we see that really opening up though as rigs come off contract in the offshore as the yards become not at capacity those costs are going to come down as well. It’s just taking longer than the offshore because they are very busy. So I think if you are developing something in that timeframe of 2017 or so I think you really get the full benefit of that. We are already seeing those benefits in Guyana with the rig rates that Exxon was able to get Guyana also the seismic boat rates that they were able to get Guyana. So you are starting to see some of that come through the value chain, but more they come on the offshore.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so. I think there is nothing like a low price for companies to get innovative and I know a lot of my service company colleagues in the major oil companies are all getting together talking about how can we better standardizes an industry to lower the overall cost structure of the industry. We are doing that in our developments, for example we are using a lot of the same things that came out of Tubular Bells and Stampede making sure there's not as much bespoke equipment that really tends to drive your cost up.
Gregory Hill: It’s been a joint thing; we’ve been talking to each other for the last year and a half about Melmar.
Gregory Hill: Actually, it was both so if you look at the reductions as we mentioned in our opening remarks there were 282 million barrels of price related revision, 50 million of that was related to the Bakken five-year rule, so that’s just purely reduced rig counts that push wells out of the five-year window so that was about 50 million barrels. The remaining 234 of that 282 is really across the portfolio, but it split about 60% Bakken and 40% offshore. So that kind of gives you a relative sense of where those movements were.
Gregory Hill: Not really, although it does vary depending on where you are in the field. Typical sand loadings are anywhere from 75,000 to 100,000 pounds per stage, and just depending on where you are in the field we modify that based on the data.
Gregory Hill: Well, I mean if you think about the - we averaged 112,000 barrels a day this year, the range is 95 to 105 so if you pick the middle that gives you a sense of how much the Bakken is going to decline year-on-year, right.
