Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So, first of all, the wells have been performing extremely well above expectations. So subsurface going great, continue to see further upside in the subsurface as we kind of produce the wells. And then, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Exxon Mobil and SBM are just doing an outstanding job of topsides reliability and also the debottlenecking side. Recall that Phase 1 was debottlenecked to the 140,000 barrels, it's actually producing between 140,000 and 150,000 barrels, sort of in that range. And then if you look at Phase 2, it has a nameplate of 220,000 barrels. It's on track to be debottlenecked towards 250,000 barrels by the end of the year. So, again, more upside coming on Phase 2. And it's been operating kind of 230,000 barrels or so on a regular basis, but we'll pick up that up towards 250,000 barrels by the year -- by the end of the year. So upside, upside.
Greg Hill: Sure. Yes. So in some areas such as oil country tubular goods, we're expecting some moderation in inflation coming. Onshore rigs pretty much staying flat, but we're still seeing some pressure in certain areas, particularly labor. Now, specifically in the Bakken, we anticipated year-over-year inflation of between 10% to 15%. That's about where it's running. However, remember, we're mitigating about half of these impacts through the application of strategic contracting, lean manufacturing and technology. So, our Bakken well guidance of $6.9 per well for the year, remains unchanged. So if we look at the offshore, we're expecting year-over-year industry inflation there between 15% and 20%. Now remember, in Guyana, the first four FPSOs are contracted, so they'll have limited the exposure going forward. And then in addition, ExxonMobil is just doing a fantastic job of mitigating kind of inflation effects through their outstanding execution and performance using that design one, build many strategy, which is sort of like lean manufacturing in the offshore. And then finally, in our Gulf of Mexico operations, we contracted our services in 2022, so we missed some of the recent uptick. So because of that, our overall capital guidance of $3.7 billion remains unchanged this year.
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So let me co-quarry [ph] first. Recall that was a higher-risk carbonate play that was located 37 miles from Liza 1 and it didn't encounter commercial hydrocarbons, but it did provide a lot of valuable data that further improves our understanding of the subsurface. Going forward, Doug, we still continue to see multibillion barrels of upside that hasn't changed. And finally, in reference to your question, the 11 billion barrels, the majority of that is in the upper campaign. And obviously, with our exploration program this year, we're really starting to understand the deep and what potential that holds. But across the block, this multibillion barrels of additional upside remains unchanged. Yes, we'll have a few dry holes as we test different things along the way, but there's still a lot more to play with.
Greg Hill: What's not included in the 11 billion? So, the recent discoveries that we've had are obviously not included in that. Again, Doug, it's mainly Upper Campanian, right? So, as we get results, the lower Campanian, obviously, that will be incorporated. But the multibillion barrels of additional upside encompasses the upper and the lower. It's not just the lower. It's -- there's still a lot of upper Campanian to play for as well.
Greg Hill: Yeah. So we exited Q1 in line with our forecast, a little bit ahead of guidance, but it was in line with our forecast, and we expect to see a build through the end of the year as we continue to steadily bring wells online. Now we'll provide guidance for the Bakken as usual, in our second quarter conference call for the rest of the year. But I think, Neil, just expect sort of a steady increase with a four-rig program across 2023 and 2024. We'll get to 200,000 barrels a day in 2025. And then be able to hold that flat for almost a decade with the inventory that we have. So steady increase to 200,000, hold it flat for a decade. I want to remind people that when Bakken reaches that 200,000 plateau, it will generate about $1 billion of free cash flow. So steady cash flow generator for the company.
Greg Hill: So let me answer the exploration part first. So Paul, remember, we've got multibillion barrels of upside. The license expires in October of 2026. We will take the next four to five years to fully understand that potential get it locked down. So I think you should think about three wells -- three exploration rigs a year pretty much going through 2026. And we can drill usually about 10 or so exploration and appraisal wells a year. So think of that sort of a level exploration prospectivity going forward, again, going after that multibillion barrels of upside that we continue to see. Your question on Yellowtail. Look, Yellowtail...
Greg Hill: No, we don't. Obviously, that's going to depend upon success, right? So when we have an exploration success, we tend to then want to appraise that success. Just like we're doing at Fangtooth, remember, Fangtooth 1 was 160 feet. Fangtooth Southeast was 200 feet. Now we have Lancetfish with 92 feet of pay, probably going to be a development. So we're going to want to appraise around that greater Fangtooth area. So it's really going to depend upon success as we go forward as to what the split is. Yes. Now regarding Yellowtail, look, it's too early. I mean Yellowtail is running ahead of schedule right now. Looking good, but these are major projects. So I think just right now, in 2025 is the right way to think about it. And obviously, as we get further down, we'll narrow the window on those dates.
Greg Hill: Sorry, I turn. Yeah. Thanks, Arun. So first oil from Payara, remember now has been brought forward. So we were saying into the fourth quarter to early fourth quarter now. So we've already pulled it forward few months. In terms of what has to be done, remember, Payara is more extensive than Phase 2. So it's got 30% more wells. It's got 80% more surf the leads of Phase 2. And so it's expected to take a bit longer to hook up and commission in Phase 2 is. But things are well on track. I think we've adequately risked things as well as the operator, ExxonMobil to confidently say at this point, early first quarter or early fourth quarter of this year, yeah.
Greg Hill: We haven't included anything yet. So at the midyear, obviously, as we get closer to that first oil date, we'll be updating our guidance.
Greg Hill: No. I think about the Fangtooth area as a big hub. And as you mentioned, we do have both drill stand tests and core analysis for Fangtooth-1 and Fangtooth Southeast. Fangtooth 1 is underway. Fangtooth Southeast is planned for later in the year in terms of the DST. And then we also are planning an appraisal well at Lancetfish. So as you intimated when you add Bacher in and the other wells that we're going to drill Lancetfish, obviously, there's potential for a hub there, but we really need that DST data to figure out what the field development plan will be.
John Rielly: Sure Doug. So, let me just back up and talk about our financial priorities that we have. So, the first priority is obviously to invest in these high-return opportunities, obviously driven by Guyana and the Bakken because that's going to drive our free cash flow growth. And as John said earlier in his comments that we can grow intrinsic value and cash returns and it's Guyana Bakken that will allow us to do that. Our second priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet. Again, we're in a good position with that. We want to also have a strong cash position, and we do have $2.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So, we're in a good place with that to fund our high-return projects. So, for us, we have this capital return framework, and we're going to follow that, that we put out. And so what we do is return up to 75% of our free cash flow on an annual basis, so that is after working capital, that is after capital expenditures, and even after debt maturities, which we don't have any this year, we do have $300 million in 2024. And so first thing that we'll do in that return of capital framework is focused on the dividend. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we want to increase that dividend each year. And we did do that in March, so we had that 17% increase $0.25 per share increase and so that is going to be the first thing. So, we did increase our returns shareholders here in the first quarter with that dividend increase. Then the remainder of that free cash flow, that 75% will be done in share repurchases. And you're right, we agree with you about the NAV accretion that we'll be having with these FPSOs. And just to remind everybody, with each FPSO comes on, like obviously, we have Payara here coming early this year that generates net to us $1 billion of cash flow. So, again, the Payara and the Yellowtail wireless. So we're getting that $1 billion kind of a year adding to our portfolio. And so as we go forward, more and more of our capital returns will be share repurchases. And so buying our shares basically in advance of those as we get -- as Payara comes on, generates that $1 billion and gets in front of Yellowtail and Uaru, obviously, will be, I think, be able to deliver significant value to shareholders just following this framework that we have.
John Rielly: Sure, Paul. I mean we remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of Hess Midstream. It's been a key strategic partner for us. It adds differentiated value to our E&P assets up there in the Bakken with us maintaining that operational and marketing control so we get provides takeaway optionality to high-value markets. Also, it's key to our gas capture and driving down flaring in our GHG emission intensity. So I would say think about Hess Midstream more of the same, they've been doing -- they've been executing brilliantly really for us on the ESG and also just getting the E&P production to markets. And then when you think about Hess Midstream, it has a very strong credit position and continues to generate free cash flow growth. So the Hess Midstream, they did outline that they have about $1 billion of financial flexibility through 2025 for capital allocation, which includes then the potential for incremental returns of capital, like the recent $100 million transaction that they just did. And so that $100 million is a small part of that $1 billion financial flexibility. So Hess Midstream has the potential to execute multiple buybacks basically each year through 2025. So I think you can think about it just more of the same that way, Paul, and we are happy with the investment.
John Rielly: Sure. So our philosophy on the hedging is we believe it is strategic importance, just like you said, from the downside protection. We view it as an insurance, and so what we do ensure we buy the insurance, and we use puts. Our strategy is to use puts to protect full downside, but leave the upside for investors. So again, that's what we did this year. And you see we have 130,000 barrels a day this year, very comfortable with that level. We had 150,000 barrels a day last year. So I think you can think about that, let's just say, approximately 150,000 barrel a day level as we go forward. And for your question like for 2024, you can assume we'll put on insurance or hedges at that type of level as we move into 2024. And with the put options, the way we do that is we'll look more to do that in the latter part of this year, right, because of the cost, the time value of the money on the put option. So you typically would see us putting it on either towards the end of 2023 or early in 2024, like we did this year. And again, so we're trying to get -- obviously, within our putting the insurance on trying to be as opportunistic as possible, but we will eventually get that hedge on because we want that downside protection, really just as John Hess mentioned earlier.
John Rielly: So you're right, we are booking deferred tax in Guyana. Guyana has a 25% statutory rate. So we will be recording a 25% effective rate and it's just similar. Let me just say to like the US, where the tax rules for depreciation, you can amortize the fixed assets quicker for the tax basis, so you get a higher deduction for tax purposes versus book. And so as a result of that, your current cash tax rate is lower than the $25 million, and therefore, we book deferred taxes. I would, Paul, just for guidance purposes, let's just say, for the rest of this year, it can change obviously as we continue to bring on more and more boats, but use a similar deferred tax level that you see in the first quarter for Guyana.
John Rielly: I don't want to go in the next several years because every year when we add the capital and it changes the depreciable base, and you're going over five years, so you get higher depreciation. So it's difficult to provide that to you for the next couple of years. So we'll try to guide you year-by-year as the boats come on.
