Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide a few remarks about the Bakken. We're continuing our transition in the Bakken during 2012, from higher cost 38-stage hybrid completions in HBP drilling to lower cost 34-stage sliding sleeve in-fill drilling. In the first quarter, nearly 70% of our wells were hybrid wells with an overall average drilling complete cost of $13.4 million per well. During the second quarter, only 40% of our wells were hybrids with an overall average drill and complete cost of $11.6 million, a reduction of 13%. Looking forward to the second half, our HBP drilling will be substantially completed by year end, and 100% of our wells will be sliding sleeve wells by the fourth quarter leading to an estimated drilling complete cost of under $10 million. Second quarter production averaged 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 30% from the first quarter and 120% from the second quarter of 2011. Our higher second quarter production reflects working off our completion backlog and the drilling of higher working interest wells. We expect 2012 net production to average between 54,000 and 58,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which implies net production will average between 60,000 and 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second half of 2012. Our 2012 capital budget for the Bakken has been increased to about $3 billion from $2 billion previously. There are 4 primary drivers for this increase. The first driver is our decision to drill in higher working interest areas, reflecting an average working interest of approximately 80% versus a budgeted 62%, and to drill additional wells in 2012. While these changes will result in increased capital spending of approximately $500 million, they will also allow us to substantially complete our HBP drilling in 2012, and accelerate production growth that will partially offset the lower-than-planned production experienced during the first quarter. The second driver is an overall increase in drilling and completion cost, which are now expected to average approximately $11 million per well in 2012 versus our original budget of approximately $8.5 million. Now these cost increases are due to the need to use ceramic proppant instead of white sand caused by market shortages earlier in the year, coupled with a slower-than-anticipated transition to full sliding sleeves. While higher well costs will result in additional capital spending of approximately $300 million, we still expect to generate attractive financial returns. The third driver is increased infrastructure spend associated with the gas plant and gathering systems due to design changes and higher labor costs, which will increase capital spending by approximately $150 million. The final driver is higher-than-budgeted non-operated drilling spend from additional wells and also higher non-operated well costs, resulting in additional capital spending of approximately $100 million. In closing, it's important to note that we're still relatively early in the overall development of the Bakken. We are building a long-term business from a large high-quality acreage position and competitively advantaged infrastructure. As we move forward, we expect significantly lower capital cost through further well cost reductions, through the completion of the major infrastructure projects, including the Tioga Gas plant in 2013, and through improved capital efficiency as we complete the transition from HBP to pad drilling. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Well, thanks, Doug. So current rates in the Bakken are just shy of 60,000 right now as we speak. You mentioned that we are very pleased with the wells. The 165 30-plus stage wells that we drill, the average IPs are 900 barrels a day, and we're particularly pleased, when you look at the NDIC data, that passes drilled 7 of the top 25 wells in the play in the first 4 months of 2012. We're in transition to the sliding sleeves. And as I said in my opening remarks, really, by the fourth quarter, we'll be in 100% sliding sleeve mode in the Bakken. So obviously, that offers significant advantages in terms of timing, as well as a reduction in completion costs.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, I've got to be very careful here because obviously, we can't outrun the government. So anything we really announce about Ghana has to be approved by the government. So suffice to say, you're right, we wouldn't be logging something if it was a dry hole. So that's about all I can say.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, we're not really giving that guidance right now. And let me tell you why. Now that we're nearing the end of HBP mode, what we are doing is we're doing a comprehensive development strategy for the Bakken. So this a long-term development strategy with a goal of maximizing profitability and capital efficiency. And so the results of that study will be used to optimize the drilling program in 2013 and beyond.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's pretty much stayed the same. So there haven't been major improvements in drilling time Q1 to Q2. I mean, obviously, as we move, again, out of HBP mode and more into pad drilling, you can expect some reductions there because the numbers we quote are spud-to-spud. So that includes all the movement of the rigs that occurs between locations.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, again, I think, specific to the Bakken, again, I think, to say again, we're in the process of completing this comprehensive long-term development strategy for the Bakken. Again, our goal there is maximizing profitability and capital efficiency, and the output of that model will really dictate what those future curves look like.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, again, Paul, our 2013 budget, and that includes production, won't be finalized until later this year. And I want to say again, we're in the process of completing this comprehensive long-term development strategy now that we're nearing HBP for the Bakken. There's a lot of things to consider into the wells, the learning that we've gotten from all the areas that we've drilled in. And again, the focus of that study is going to be to maximize profitability and improve capital efficiency. So when the results of that study are done, we're obviously going to be -- use that to optimize the drilling program in 2013 and beyond. So not comfortable giving any kind of capital or volume estimates until we're really done with that study. We're at a point now in the Bakken where we've learned a lot, and now it's time to look forward and say how do we really want to develop this asset.
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I was on mute. Let me do the Utica first. So again, on the Utica, we've got 2 wells in the ground. One was the well that we completed. Remember, on our Marquette acreage, that was the 11 million cubic feet a day well. That well is on. It's facility constrained, pipeline constrained, and producing about 3 million to 4 million cubic feet a day. So variously, in very low pressure drops, it's a good well, it's a good high-rate well. The second well that's been drilled is over on the far west and that's a CONSOL well. That well is waiting on rod pump, artificial lift. So we'll see what that well is going to produce. And then we're in various stages of drilling, really, both CONSOL and us in various stages of drilling additional wells. So no results to report on those yet just because we're still in the drilling stage on all of them. I think just a general statement about the Utica, we remain pretty pleased and pretty optimistic when you take into account what we've seen albeit limited and what industry is seeing. We feel -- we still feel good about our acreage position in Utica. In regards to the Eagle Ford, on our retained acreage. So this is the Cotulla area. We've now got 43 wells in the ground, of which, 40 are now on production. Only 34 of these have 30-day IPs, and those range between 250 and 650 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production in June is averaging about 4,000 barrels a day net to us, and that's 2/3 liquids. So that gives you some sense or some color of the Utica results to date -- sorry, the Eagle Ford.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Well, it's a mixture of both because, of course, we -- as part of our lean manufacturing process, we nominate or put wells in our schedule, really about 18 months in advance, right? So we have a 12- to 18-month drilling schedule that we're planning to. And of course, in that, we know the working interest, assuming a certain level of participation by the other party. Now if somebody elects to go nonconsent on a well, obviously, that working interest will float up in that particular well. So our forecast are based upon this 80% average working interest, which assumes that most of the partners participate in the well. Obviously, if people elect not to, that working interest will float up over time.
Gregory P. Hill: No, John. We've done quite a study actually comparing plug and perf/hybrid to sliding sleeves and we see no difference. Now having said that, we're still early in the type curve phase, but certainly, there's no difference between the performance of the wells.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, in the Utica, yes. What we do is we shut in the well for an extended period of time. The nature of the Utica is quite different than the Bakken, but in the Bakken, no. No, we don't.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So Australia, we recently completed our appraisal drilling and testing campaign on our WA-390-P block. That appraisal campaign included 4 wells and 5 DSPs and has yielded some pretty important information for future development. For example, we were able to successfully drill the first offshore horizontal well in Australia, which will reduce the number of development wells required for the project, and the DSDs also confirmed good reservoir continuity, high flow rates and minimal contaminants in the gas stream. One final point I'd make is the Australian government's granted a major project facilitation status to us, and that really streamlined some assistance during approvals in order for a development decision to be reached. And as has been ongoing for several months, as you all know, the commercial discussions with all the potential liquefaction partners are ongoing. So that's our next step really.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're considering it. And obviously, like all LNG deals, typically, if you have a buyer, a certain percentage of the equity in the gas.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. Actually, in my opening remarks. In the first quarter, this is related to hybrids and sliding sleeves, so in the first quarter, nearly 70% of our wells were hybrid wells with an overall average drilling complete cost of $13.4 million per well. Now during the second quarter, only 40% of our wells for those hybrids or overall average drilling complete cost was $11.6 million. So that's reduction at 13%. And then looking forward to the second half, our HBP drilling wells will be substantially completed by year end, and then 100% of our wells will be sliding sleeve wells by the fourth quarter, which leads to an estimated drilling complete cost of under $10 million for the second half.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Eagle Ford, we've seen significant cost reductions as we have taken over operatorship of the well. So if you look at the wells currently, we're about $8.9 million on 2012 drilling and completion costs in the Eagle Ford.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I'll pass it on to John Rielly, but the one thing I do want to say, Paul, on the Eagle Ford is relative to our 2011 performance, which was $10.3 million per well, we've already got those cost down to $8.9 million drilling complete in the Eagle Ford and there's more improvement underway as we speak. So that's the average cost. Recent wells have actually been cheaper than that in the Eagle Ford.
John B. Hess: No, I can't, for the very reasons that you said, but I will say and repeat, that we plan to make significant reductions below 2012 levels for our capital and exploratory expend. In 2013, we're going to have flexibility in the Bakken for the reasons Greg said, going from HBP to pad drilling. Also the change in completion. Also a lot of the infrastructure investment will be behind us. Also some of the assets that we're selling, like Schiehallion, will also allow us to get rid of some capital expenditures that we previously had been obligated to spend money on. There are other such things that we're considering selling now. And as the specifics of those asset sales are done, we'll be able to give more granularity, if you will, to the projection for next year. But with the significant reductions below 2012 levels and also the cash flow that we expect to get from our production operations, we will be much more aligned with expected cash flow going into 2013 and then pretty much in balance in 2014. So those are the conceptual points. I can't be more specific at this time, which I'm sure you understand.
John B. Hess: Well, we test it down to $80 Brent, but you could assume something in the $90 to $100 Brent range as you think about it conceptually.
John B. Hess: Yes, we will have more flexibility. I think that's a fair statement. Also you've got to remember, we're going to have a number of fields that we're investing in now, like Tubular Bells and North Malay basin and also the continued investment in the Bakken that should generate more production in 2014. So we'll have more cash flow in 2014, from money -- from projects that we're spending money on right now.
John B. Hess: Fair enough, Doug. Again, I can't because these things are underway. Some may succeed, some may not happen. But we have a number underway. So again, the specifics of that I only could do once the sales details are finalized, but I think the real important takeaway there is that while the reserve and production base that we have right now will likely be lower than the levels that we have now in 2012, the profitability of those barrels on a per-unit basis should be higher as is currently the case. So the important thing is we're going to be shedding assets that are either smaller interest, that have capital investments associated with them that maybe not as attracted to us, maybe they're in mature areas as well. And we're going to be reinvesting those proceeds and assets that offer lower risk, higher returns and more sustainable growth. So we're confident that these reshaping moves will improve our financial performance and really create long-term value for our shareholders.
John B. Hess: No, it probably -- we may announce all of it by the end of the year, if we are fortunate enough, but more likely than not, some of the proceeds, in terms of receiving the cash, may end up coming in 2013. That's why I said that the asset sales should be largely completed by year-end 2013.
John B. Hess: Yes, we look for cost of capital, meaning 10%, testing it down to $70 and $80 Brent. Number one, our hurdle rate's 15%. Obviously, when you talk about our hurdle rate, you've got to take risk into account as well. So for certain projects, we're higher than 15%, but lower risk, long-life returns it'll be a bit lower than that, but generally, it's 15% hurdle rate.
John B. Hess: Well, right now, what we're focused on is making the investment reposition the portfolio for lower risk, more profitable growth led by the Bakken, but by the other parts of our strategy that I talked about, it's a more balanced, lower risk approach to profitable growth. Obviously, because we're in the investment mode now, due to, predominantly, to the Bakken, we are going to use, predominantly, if not all, asset sales to make up the funding gap and get more balanced. After we get more balanced, then how we use our cash going forward will be a decision that we make where we can find the best way to invest our money for our shareholders.
John B. Hess: It's certainly an idea that we weigh against continuing to invest in infrastructure. The Bakken infrastructure we have is really advantaged because of the upstream higher revenues that we get. Because we have significant size and scale in the Bakken, it gives us competitive position. So that doesn't necessarily mean that MLP would be the most advantageous in the long run to do. So the point is it's something we look at but at the end of the day, I think you have to look at it play-by-play as opposed to just saying do an MLP for all your midstream assets.
John B. Hess: Well, I think if you look at the trends, I mean, clearly, our costs are coming down. As I said, on our well costs in particular, obviously, the first quarter well costs were high, driven a lot by the sliding -- or sorry, the plug and perf wells. And in the second quarter, we dropped our well costs by 13%, and we expect that trend to continue as we go through the year. And obviously, as we continue to complete infrastructure, that helps as well. Yes, and the final thing is by year end, we'll be out of HBP mode and largely in infill drilling mode as we move into 2013. So there's some obvious advantages there.
John B. Hess: We obviously have an active Investor Relations program. We will continue to. Certainly, at the right time, we will consider hosting our own company investor meeting. We're happy to do that. But at the same time, we're going to do everything we can with Jay, Greg, myself, John Rielly to get out and see investors one-on-one as much as possible so they really can get their questions answered and better understand our strategy and our commitment to it. And the whole focus will be getting our cap expenditures under control. We have a plan for that, and then it's up to us to execute it.
John B. Hess: Yes. And the volume also that results from that will be a function of which assets we end up selling, and I think the important thing there is we deliver growth. Sometimes people say shrink to grow. That's not our case. I think that's more the case with the major oil companies that maybe have a little more challenge in their growth profile. We can grow from our current base, but we've got to spend a lot more money. By reducing our portfolio to the more profitable assets, we still deliver pretty respectable growth. The exact number of that, we can't give you until we get the asset sales behind us. But the key to that, we'll be able to live within our means and deliver, I think, very attractive financial returns on a going-forward basis. As I said, while the base of reserves and production going forward will be less subsequent to the asset sales, obviously, than they are now, the profitability on a per-unit basis, the cash margin on a per-unit basis will be higher as we go forward. And I think that focus on profitability is the key takeaway here.
John B. Hess: Arjun, as opposed to looking at it just purely geographically, I would look at it by asset and what the profitably and investment required for that profitability is by that asset. Sometimes, it's the country, sometimes it's an asset within the country. Obviously, we have a comprehensive program here. And a number of the areas you mentioned are going to be considered within that, to bring more focus to our portfolio, to be more profitable so that then we could invest in the growth projects that deliver the best returns.
John B. Hess: Yes. Arjun, again, we'd like to have a high-class problem that -- or opportunity. I should say that some of the one you mentioned would be sanctioned for development and investment because that would mean it has good returns. Having said that, a number of the things we're selling will be getting rid of capital obligations in the future. So all of that is modeled into the guidance conceptually that we're giving you.
John B. Hess: Yes. As a general concept, we want to keep a strong balance sheet, live within our means and be able to give our shareholders the benefit of oil prices. And obviously, sometimes, they go down. So you have to have a strong enough balance sheet and also live within your means to be able to absorb the ups and downs. Having said that, as we look at the funding gap that we have this year and with the investment program we have this year, we thought it very prudent to take the risk out of some of our revenues and cash flows to be sure that we can fund through the cycle. So hedging as a concept will always be an option for us. We only did it for this year. We don't know where oil prices are going to be next year. We're not sure exactly where the asset sales are going to be, what our CapEx is going to be, even though it's going to be less of a funding gap next year. So it is an option that will always be on the table. So we will consider it year by year. Having said that, as we get our balance sheet in order, as we live within our means, we're going to be more able to absorb the ups and downs of oil prices.
John B. Hess: I don't want to go there simply because there are moving pieces in the asset sales that we have. But by definition, where we are right now is the peak of our CapEx, and we're going to make significant reductions for next year. And when we're in a position to give you the details of that, which will be in that fourth quarter conference call most likely, in January of 2013, we will give it. But as soon as we're in a position to give that specific number, we will give it to you.
John B. Hess: Yes, again, Paul, and this question was asked before, we can't give that kind of specific point until the asset sales are finalized and the terms are finalized. So we don't want to be in front of our blockers on this one because some of the deals may not meet our expectations and we'll do some other deals. And until all these deals are finalized, one by one, when they are, we'll give you the details of that. And then obviously, you can update your production accordingly. The key point is the focus going forward is going to be capital efficiency and profitability, and the things we are selling are going to be more mature, not as strategic. We'll still be global independent, but we're going to have a more profitable portfolio and invest in the capital projects that offer the best financial returns.
John B. Hess: That's it. That's fine. And thank you, all, for your attention. And again, we have our strategy laid out, we're focusing on the capital expenditures. And as we execute our strategy, we're confident that it's going to create a lot of value for our shareholders. We appreciate everybody's interest.
John P. Rielly: Yes, an additional $1 billion to $2 billion are well underway and the details from those activities will be announced as soon as the terms are finalized. But I also said that above and beyond that, further asset sales have been identified and are in the early stages of divestiture.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Paul. In the third quarter, we're going to be impacted by the normal North Sea facilities maintenance. That happens every third quarter. But in addition to that, we have a shutdown of the Llano Field for 45 days due to the maintenance at the Auger platform. And as well, John has mentioned in his remarks, we now have a 3-month shut-in of the Valhall Field. So that's approximately 25,000 barrels a day that'll be impacting us. In addition, Conger is going to be down for maintenance as well at Enchilada in the third quarter. So what you're seeing from that guidance is the impact in the third quarter and then the fourth quarter production should be back where we're seeing it right now.
John P. Rielly: We're not guiding within the range but it's 3 95 to 4 05. And again, we're coming into hurricane season and things like that. So from a guidance standpoint, we feel comfortable now narrowing the range to 3 95 to 4 05 for the full year.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So in the Eagle Ford, and both -- actually, both the Eagle Ford and Utica, there is some land cost as well in these costs. So not just infrastructure and drilling, but Eagle Ford is approximately $380 million this year forecasted, the Utica is about $350 million forecasted of total capital spend. In Australia, the forecast is $220 million for this year. As Greg was saying, finishing up the appraisal program. And as far as the facility costs or the infrastructure costs, all infrastructure cost, not just major, including the gathering systems that Greg spoke about, we're forecasting $760 million of facility cost in the Bakken this year.
John P. Rielly: You have to get to ultimately to a recurring number to get to that type of level. So we still do have to finish the Tioga Gas plant as Greg had mentioned in his remarks. So that will still be going on next year. And then it just depends on where the drilling is and getting further gathering systems in pipelines in there, but we will -- we expect the reduction next year in the facilities and then you can see maybe a slow trend depending on the development program that Greg spoke about that we are looking into right now.
