Gregory P. Hill: It's a good question. I think with an eight rig program we expect to be able to hold kind of long-term production flat at or near this 100,000 barrels a day which I think we've said on the previous calls. And I think as John mentioned in his remarks, with this eight rig program at current strip prices and well costs we've got about a 10-year inventory of drilling locations that generate after-tax returns in excess of 15% or higher.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we can't. It's just again, it's too early. I think, recall we did encounter more than 295 feet of high quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs in this block, and again, the entire block is about 6.6 million acres. So, as John and I both said in our opening remarks, really the next step is we've started shooting 3D seismic on the block and we continue to evaluate the results of the well but obviously it's very encouraging.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, I think, I think compares very well. So, just to give you an example. So, the $1.2 million per well that we reduced in the quarter in the Bakken, if you look at where those savings came from, supply chain savings amounted to about 60% of those savings. And then the Lean manufacturing efficiency gains made up the balance of the 40% reduction. So again, fairly significant results from the supply chain.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, well, Doug, obviously that 500 million barrels was a risk resource estimate at the time. Clearly, this well has helped derisk that. I can't really give you any more guidance than that but it was a very positive result from the well. The big risk there that we were trying to understand was there a working petroleum system and clearly there is on the block.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Ed, if you think about it, we're basically maintaining an 8 rig program. So as we continue to gain efficiencies in our spud-to-spud, days between spud now is about 18 days. So what that means is that you drill more wells in the year than what you planned. So effectively that CapEx is consumed by continuing that 8 rig program.
Gregory P. Hill: I think again, we haven't given our 2015 guidance. But certainly for this year, we're contracted four rig in South Arne and we'll continue to execute that program. It's generating very good returns in South Arne well above our cost of capital. Similarly in Valhall, recall though that we did shut down the IP drilling rig in Valhall this year. So we've got one rig out and then we have the remaining drilling is with a jackup there. Again, a contracted jackup rig and we're continuing that program.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So, if you look at the difference between Q1 and Q2 in the Bakken, we did have an increase of about 11,000 barrels a day. There were really three factors associated with that. The first was we had a high number of new wells online in the second quarter. So, we had 67 wells online. The second factor was we had a 2% increase in the production availability. So, the operations guys have been doing a great job getting the reliability and availability up. And the third factor was we had increased gas capture at Tioga. Obviously, both our own volumes as our own volumes went up, but also third-party volumes as well.
Gregory P. Hill: I think our well design has not changed. So again, it's a typical 35-stage sliding sleeve completion in the Bakken, that hasn't changed. Proppant loading of 70,000 to 100,000 pounds per stage depending upon the area. In terms of technology, we've got some 50-stage trials under our belt, so 50-stage sliding sleeve, those trials have gone well. So once we get a few more in the ground and are convinced of the reliability of the completion system we'll be evaluating whether or not we switch to that as a value-accretive improvement to the Bakken completions. We've tried some slickwater fracs. We do not see that those add enough incremental to value to justify the additional costs. We've tried some higher proppant loadings and really kind of the same conclusion. It doesn't generate enough incremental value. And I guess the final thing is we are, as you know, experimenting with a tighter infills, nine and eight spacing pilots. We've got about 38 wells online now in that configuration. Now, only 13 of these wells have been online for more than 90 days. I will say the initial results are encouraging but it's still early days. I'd like to get more wells in the ground and on production before we draw any final conclusions for that. And so we expect to be in a position by year-end or early first quarter to provide some color on some results on that nine and eight infill.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we don't. We're pretty much at our rhythm bin size now, which is about 25 to 30 wells at any given moment that are uncompleted and we would expect to carry that level of wells into next year. But that's about as low as it can go.
Gregory P. Hill: They're both black oil based on what we know right now. On the Sicily discovery in the Gulf of Mexico, it's lower tertiary. And in Guyana, it's a crustaceous play that we're currently looking at right now.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. In Guyana, we can't give that information yet. On Sicily, you'll have to ask the operator about that. But consistent with Exxon's press release in May in Guyana, the well encountered more than 295 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. So, you do have a net pay zone that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. So, they're spread out, but because we're concentrating in the core of the core, they're primarily in the core of the Bakken. So, it's spread out over 14 DSUs, and in those 14 DSUs this year we plan to get 82 pilot wells in the ground. Now as I mentioned, 38 of those are currently online and, but only 13 have been online more than 90 days. And as I said, the initial results are very encouraging but it's still early days. I want to get a lot more wells in the ground before I make a final decision on that hopefully by year-end, early in the first quarter we'll be in a position to make that decision. Obviously, if you do go to a nine and eight configuration, it won't apply across the entire field but it will obviously increase your well locations for the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: It's on the margins. There isn't any significant HBP requirement so obviously if prices do continue where they are, we're going to continue in Harrison County and why do we do that because that's truly the sweet spot of the play. It's the wettest part of the play and it also has a 95% net revenue interest as well on that acreage. So obviously that helps the economics.
Gregory P. Hill: No, there's not. I mean we're just continuing all of the technical studies on Ghana. We're also going through FEED processes, et cetera. And we're in discussions with the Ghanaian government to understand how the border dispute and the ongoing international law, the Sea Treaty proceedings are going on the block, and how that might affect progress on the block. But we're committed to advancing the work to the extent feasible, including all those technical studies and pursuing appropriate commercial agreements. One thing we can't do is we can't get a drilling rig or a seismic vessel out there in the disputed area. So, it's pretty much technical studies.
John B. Hess: On the political side, I'm going to leave that to the politicians. But we don't think it's going to have any impact on our financial position there or our reserve position there.
John B. Hess: It's a fair question. The seismic is the next step, Doug, to high grade the block further and then we will then consider further evaluation activities and really you need to look to the operator for further color on this subject.
John B. Hess: Doug, obviously, use of proceeds very fair question. And obviously, with the very strong liquidity position the company has it's key to remind everyone as we said on our last call after the Midstream joint venture was announced, that our first, second and third priority in use of proceeds will be to preserve the strength of our balance sheet in the current low oil price environment. We need to maintain our financial strength, it's vital in this low-price environment; we don't know how low it will go and how long it will go. So that's going to be the first, second and third priority to make sure that we can fund the projects that we have including our projects that are investing in longer-term growth, be it North Malay Basin or Stampede or some the exploration activities that we have that are very disciplined. Our second effort or priority then would be to provide additional financial flexibility for future growth opportunities should they meet our strategic, economic and liquidity priorities. And we're going to be very disciplined in that regard given the first priority being to preserve the strength of our balance sheet. And last but not least, we will continue to repurchase stock on a disciplined basis. So I think it's very important for people to understand the key priority in this environment is for us to preserve the strength of our balance sheet.
John B. Hess: Well you all follow the stock market as do we in terms of some of these prospective opportunities that could potentially fit our strategic needs in our portfolio. The prices of some of those type of opportunities has come down more than the companies with a strong balance sheet as ours, we're looking. But again, I said before, our first, second and third priority is to keep our financial strength in the current environment that we think will be with us for some time and to come out of this environment strong. If there is an opportunity that makes financial sense, strategic sense and doesn't impair our balance sheet strength we will be very disciplined in evaluating it. Obviously, we have not found anything to date.
John B. Hess: So, when the IPO is done, and the proceeds, the proceeds will go to the partners of the JV, that's basically the way that we're looking at. Nothing's been finally decided but that's how it would be – it would be split between the two partners, the 50/50 partners.
John B. Hess: Yeah. And I think another perspective obviously, Paul, as the entire industry is running deficits, all the oil producers of the world are running deficits. And depending upon how low oil prices go and how long they go for, obviously that will figure in our calculus as well about how far we reduce our CapEx program next year. We have further flexibility to reduce in the Bakken and Utica and we also have flexibility to reduce in our offshore if it's appropriate. We are going to invest for returns, but we also intend to be cash generative over the medium term. So, it's a balance. Good returns, but if the money is not there, we will reduce our CapEx even further and that's going to be an iterative process between now and the end of the year. And when we finalize our program, obviously, we'll communicate that to the investors out there.
John B. Hess: I think as I said before, our intent is to control and operate the venture. I wouldn't want to speculate otherwise.
John B. Hess: Obviously, we're always looking to upgrade our portfolio. So anything would have to strengthen our portfolio strategically, economically, in terms of providing profitable and visible resource growth. As we look out there, we see our mix thing roughly half unconventionals, half conventional, half onshore, half offshore, half-U.S., half international. Obviously, it's a dynamic market and we'll be very disciplined about any opportunities that we consider; but commenting further than that would be pure speculation and we don't want to do that. The key is we're going to be disciplined. And again, our top priority is to maintain our financial strength in a low-price environment because it may be with us for some time.
John P. Rielly: Hey, I guess, Doug, the way we look at it and I'd like to answer it is – so as you know, we remain committed to managing our business to be cash generative over the long term. So, with this low price oil environment, what have we done? What's the self-help? So, first, we've reduced our capital spend from $5.6 billion in 2014 to $4.4 billion in 2015 and we will further reduce capital in 2016. And as Greg mentioned earlier, during 2015, our cost reduction efforts have yielded over $600 million of savings and we continue to be focused on reducing costs further. So, there's the self-help that we are doing. Now, kind of getting to your point, we do have near-term cash flow deficits at these low prices and it is being driven by our spend of approximately $1.4 billion on projects where we're investing for longer-term growth. So these projects that John mentioned, it's the North Malay Basin, Stampede, it's Tubular Bells on the development side, and in exploration we have capital spending now for the significant discovery at Liza in Guyana and in the Gulf of Mexico at the Sicily prospect. So as John mentioned now, our advantaged liquidity position with nearly $4 billion of cash post the completion of our Bakken Midstream JV that allows us to fund these growth projects and preserve our top quartile operating capabilities and we're really using that then to position us to capitalize as prices recover when we can then generate free cash flow. So, that's kind of a combination with what John said and how we are looking at our balance sheet right now.
John P. Rielly: I mean, if you get $60 oil, obviously you're going to have higher cash flows for our business because we've got a significant amount of oil production, so I mean it's difficult. I would tell you overall when you look at Hess because of our oily portfolio a $1 change in oil prices does increase our cash flows by a little over $70 million. So, that's the kind of sensitivity you can look at from our portfolio and flex on different oil prices.
John P. Rielly: Sure. Yeah, so there was $170 million reduction in the cash flow from working capital. So, if you add that back in you get $711 million of cash flow from operations and that's up 51% from the first quarter reflecting the improved oil prices in the second quarter.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So I mean, again it will be lower. I mean, we'll have to work with our partners and we'll see what prices are as we get into 2016. But as I mentioned, we will be funding these growth projects that we have, so North Malay Basin and Stampede will continue. We will be working with Exxon with spending in Guyana and Chevron on Sicily. So we have these growth projects to fund. Now, we've got nearly $4 billion with the post the completion of the Bakken Midstream JV, so we're in a great position to be able to fund these growth projects and position us to generate free cash flow as oil prices recover.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. Again, it's still early for us. We'll be looking obviously at oil prices. We have to work with partners on what we're doing in the partnerships that we have for the fields. So it's just at this point right now we don't want to be more specific than what I said that we do have $4.4 billion this year, 2016's capital will be lower than that $4.4 billion and we will be looking at everything from the CapEx side as well as on the OpEx side because we're going to be continued to be focused on costs in this low price environment.
John P. Rielly: And then just from a product mix standpoint for the 119,000 barrels a day in the quarter, about 85,000 barrels a day were oil or 71% of it. 22,000 barrels a day were NGLs so 19%, and then gas was 71 million SCFs per day or about 10% of the BOE.
John P. Rielly: I think that is a reasonable mix. I mean you're getting now the ramp up of the Tioga gas plant so we've had some changes as that's moved on. So if you looked at the average for 2014 we were up at – we only had 12% of NGLs and 8% gas so now you're beginning to see some of the uplift from the Tioga gas plant.
John P. Rielly: Yeah. Sure, Paul. It's – there's – once you get into this law of small numbers, you get into these strange tax rates. There's really nothing unusual. We have some small credits and I'll walk you through an example. We have small credits sitting on in the international side and some small, kind of call it debits on the other side, for an overall rate that came in, as you know, at the above guidance on that benefit side. So what happens is this is just a simple example, if you have a loss in Norway of $10 and you have an income in JDA of $10, you put those two together and you have $0 income. But Norway has gotten 80% tax rate, so you're booking an $8 benefit on Norway and JDA has a 10% rate, so you're only booking $1. So you get a benefit of $7 on $0 income. It's that mix of income that's causing the strange numbers in international.
John P. Rielly: Your math is very good, Paul, as usual. What it is, is because where we're in the losses right now, and I think we've given guidance on that, is that the majority of the tax benefit is deferred. So, you've got a benefit sitting against that loss and that was the one number I didn't hear you say. That was reducing it then down to the $711 million. Now, it's obviously going to depend on prices and what happens here going forward. I mean, it's the same guidance that I've been giving. In the U.S. and in Norway, we're not paying cash taxes and won't be for five years and potentially longer if these prices stay lower. So, it all depends on where the profit is but if we stay in a loss position, we will continue to have that deferred tax benefit.
John P. Rielly: So, what we've been, I guess, talk about with the growth projects that we have. So, we've got a $4.4 billion of budget this year. It includes, so I'm going to add a little bit more because we had some other growth capital in 2015, so we have about a $1.6 billion of investment in offshore development say, an exploration. So, when you subtract it from the total, we've got about $3 billion, under $3 billion, to maintain kind of current production levels. So, you do have this North Malay Basin and Stampede going into next year and the thing that I can't talk about right now is what happens in Guyana, what happens in Sicily. So, again, I think the best I can do right now is to say the guidance will be below $4.4 billion but we just can't tell you what that number...
John P. Rielly: Unfortunately, Pavel, we're in a quiet period right now, so I can't give you anything specific. So it's going to depend just on the SEC review and market conditions for the timing of the IPO.
John P. Rielly: Yes, there is a minimum economic interest. Yeah, so we would have to drop down though considerably before that would happen.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Thank you. Good morning. Firstly on cash flow for the quarter, can you just help me get as close as I can to what you think the ongoing cash generation, what the business will be at $60 oil and how representative this quarter was of the ongoing cash flow that you think you'll make at that kind of price level? Thanks.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Thank you. And what should I consider to be the clean operating cash flow for this quarter, Q2, I think there's some – likely some disproportions in the working capital. Thanks.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Understood. Thank you. One area of potential cost savings would be to merge with another company. Have you considered that particularly in the Bakken? Thank you.
