John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. I appreciate the question and the difficulty with the environment but we're not going to speculate right now on where oil prices are going to end up through 2015. So now having said that, we are well-positioned going into this low priced commodity cycle. So first, proactively we have been reducing our CapEx, we did reduce that as you saw in 2014 and we've made further reductions in 2015. And as was mentioned by both John and Greg, we have the ability to reduce it further if needed. We are reducing our stock repurchase program, we're significantly moderating that, and then as you mentioned with our strong cash position, we have $2.4 billion of cash, and our strong balance sheet position, we can utilize this cash and the balance sheet to get through this low priced commodity cycle. So we think we're in great position from that standpoint and we're just going to see where oil prices end up throughout the year.
John P. Rielly: So it is clearly our focus that over the long-term that we want to generate free cash flow. So obviously with the significant decline, it's come on fast, and we are in a good position with our cash levels of $2.4 billion in our balance sheet to spend, to utilize some of that cash and balance sheet strength to get through this cycle. So with the current uncertainties, in the mid-term and long term, we naturally have a range of price scenarios under which we're evaluating our forward activity and production outlook. So again, the pace of spend and the growth will depend on that oil price and that's what's going to impact our longer-term growth rate as well as our free cash flow over the period. But we will continue to focus over the long-term to generate free cash flow.
John P. Rielly: Yes, I think so, all-in – so I'm going to talk DC&F, all in cost assumptions in 2015 was 8.3 and that gives you a D&C cost of around 6.8. So that's the assumption in our current plan.
John P. Rielly: So first of all about 50% had been contracted through the end of 2014. Now we're looking at opportunities to reduce the costs in those contracts and we also expect lower contracts in the ones yet to be awarded. They are lower costs and those are yet to be awarded. And recall, production doesn't commence until 2018. So we've got three years of spend here that we can really work the cost hard on before it comes online in 2018.
John P. Rielly: I mean I think it's always discretionary, but I think that the important thing is we're focused on returns. So I mean these wells even at current prices generate great returns. So that's why we're continuing forward, and as long as that's the case we will continue to execute those programs.
John P. Rielly: Yes, there is, and in EG in particular we just started some new 4D seismic. So we're going to take a drilling pause in 2015 but we know that that new 4D is going to indicate further inventory on a go forward basis for EG.
John P. Rielly: Yes, I mean I can't give you a percentage, Paul, but broadly obviously your offshore fleet tends to be contracted for longer periods of time, right. But what I will say is that doesn't mean that there is no opportunity for cost reduction there. We're going to engage with all of our suppliers, are engaging as we speak expecting cost reductions across the board from everyone. So even though it's contracted, that doesn't necessarily mean that we're locked into those rates.
John P. Rielly: So for Valhall we gave for the full year, it's 30,000 to 35,000 and it will be the same for the first quarter. Utica will be 15,000 to 20,000 for the full year and it will be a little bit less. So you heard, as Greg said, it's 13,000 barrels in the fourth quarter. So you'll be ramping to that 15,000 to 20,000 throughout the year.
John P. Rielly: No, you should model that essentially as a deferred tax benefit, Paul. I mean we'll have some small cash taxes in several jurisdictions offset by refunds particularly in the UKs where we have our dismantlement, but overall just model that as a deferred tax benefit.
John P. Rielly: Paul, as usual, we typically do not provide individual unit cost information. So just overall, Bakken is on the cash cost side, is slightly below our portfolio average, it has been getting better as the production continues to increase there and Greg drives efficiencies in the operations. The DD&A still is higher than the portfolio average, but again, as we book additional reserves with performance as we move through in the Bakken, that DD&A rate has also been coming down and will continue.
John P. Rielly: Again, David, we're just not going to speculate on where oil prices are because as we've been saying, we are going to watch it and be flexible and see where commodity prices are moving and that will affect the pace of investment going forward. So at this point we're just not going to speculate on that number.
John P. Rielly: No, we are progressing our S-1 filings with the SEC and our preparations remain on track for the transaction in 2015, obviously subject to market conditions, but everything is on track for it.
John P. Rielly: No, it's not that simple, and as you said, as you can see, the overall production is about flat with the fourth quarter, what we do have is, as I mentioned earlier with our production in the first quarter, we have some downtime here coming in the first quarter, right, so that's going to affect the overall average. And then the production numbers, just if you're doing the math, is going to be higher than the fourth quarter numbers as you move through the year. But yes, that kind of math is just difficult to do.
John P. Rielly: I just hesitate, I mean I'd rather stay with our full-year guidance, because again we just don't want to speculate on what's happening with oil prices on that. If it goes up, it could be a different story and if it goes down there can obviously be a different story as well. So I think we just want to stay with that overall guidance.
John P. Rielly: I think first of all we're obligated to submit a development plan to the Ghanaian government in 2016. So, so far that timeline hasn't changed. Obviously this project like every project is going to be a function of oil price. So I think that deadline could be flexible if oil prices stay low.
John P. Rielly: I think we're trying to maintain flexibility for the reasons you just described given the volatility of oil prices and certainly where it's going. So we can dial up and we can dial back and we're spending a small amount of capital to give us the flexibility to dial up if commodity prices improve, so that means getting permits and pads ready and things like that, but it's a small amount of the budget next year, but that's why we're doing it because we want that ability to dial up as well as dial down, much easier to dial down than it is to dial up, right.
John P. Rielly: It's the significant majority of it. So first remember we were planning on $5.8 billion in this year. We already started making reductions, brought that down to $5.6 billion. So we were going to take a reduction of the $5.8 billion, but the big move down to $4.7 billion is in reaction to the oil price.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, Doug, that's really three questions, so let me try and answer all. First of all, at current prices, what you were talking about was really, what are your returns in the Bakken, why should you go forward? So just some context, as we mentioned at our Investor Day in November, recall that we have 60% more DSUs in the core of the Bakken than any other operator, and our 2015 drilling program is focused in the best areas of this core. Secondly, as you know our well costs are some of the lowest in the industry, our well IPs are well above the industry average. So that means we're delivering some of the highest returns in the industry. So given all these advantages, our current prices were delivering incremental returns that meet or exceed our hurdle rate. And finally given our large position in the core, we see a multiyear inventory of drilling at these current activity levels and pricing. I think the final thing I would say is, we really want to maintain capability. We have a world-class lean manufacturing team and capability and we have a strong desire to maintain that as much as possible. As far as service cost, we're starting to see some response and we're in very active discussions with all of our suppliers. So it's premature to kind of speculate on where those are going to go, they're going to go down but I can't tell you how much or how fast at this point in time. I think the third thing relating to type curves, we're going to be in that 800 to 950 kind of an initial IP rate in this core of the core. So we'll be probably towards the upper end of that but that's probably still a good range for us.
Gregory P. Hill: Let me hit the rig question first. I think really the question you're asking is that rig count is going down about 45%, yet the capital is only going down by about 18%, so why is that. And that's all because of the continuing efficiency gains from our lean manufacturing. So we expect to drill approximately 20% more wells per rig in 2015. So that's 18 plus wells per rig in 2015 versus 15 per rig in 2014. So what that means is we expect to bring online 210 new wells in 2015 versus 238 in 2014. So you're exactly right, there is quite a bit of efficiency gains expected in our plans. And I think that broadly answers the question that you were trying to ask.
Gregory P. Hill: First of all, again as I said in my remarks on the last question, here it's early days, right. I mean the discussions are ongoing as we speak with suppliers. So it's premature to speculate how low will it go, how quickly will you see those cost reductions throughout the value chains. In respect to offshore, recall we contracted two rigs even before the price environment to next generation deepwater drilling rigs. We contracted those for 400,000 a day. That was a major reduction over what those rigs would have contracted for say even 18 months ago, alright. Now, if you think about the offshore though, this is probably the best time to be in the development phase of an offshore project because we know and we are seeing already some significant cost reductions in all those offshore services. So as you develop and then those developments come online, in Stampede's case in 2018, it's probably the best time in the cycle to be in development mode for those projects.
Gregory P. Hill: So we carried about 50 wells into 2015 from 2014 that were uncompleted. Obviously we're going to work that inventory down because we plan to drill about 180 wells yet bring 210 wells online. So you'll see we'll draw that inventory down. I think the carryout at the end of the year is anticipated to be around 20 wells or so, so a net gain of 30.
Gregory P. Hill: No, because those wells were all drilled in the core, we were already drilling in the core on those wells.
Gregory P. Hill: First of all, as you know we don't really give specific guidance beyond the first year on 2016. But however broadly speaking, Ed, production in the Bakken would remain flat broadly with an eight rig program. So that will give you theory in some direction, but in any case we're going to remain flexible and we'll be prepared to respond accordingly as prices improve, right.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we are. Again, this cycle is just starting. So again, how low will it go and how fast will it come, it's just too premature to talk about that, but we're certainly seeing the signs of across the board price reductions coming at us.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So what we're doing for production in the first quarter will be 330,000 barrels a day to 340,000 barrels a day, that's excluding Libya, for the overall portfolio. Bakken is also still – for the year it was 95 to 105, the first quarter is 95,000 to 105,000 barrels a day.
Gregory P. Hill: I think we can update as we go throughout the year. I do want to clarify one thing. Those well costs that I gave in the Bakken, so the D&C of around 6.8, that excludes any significant supply chain reduction. So that was just current cost assuming some efficiencies from lean manufacturing. So there's the opportunity for those costs to go even lower than that in the Bakken in particular.
Gregory P. Hill: No, it doesn't dial back, and in fact the results we've seen from the two existing 17 well per DSU pilots are performing in line with expectations. So therefore we're going to expand the number of pilots. We're going to add three more pilots in 2015 aiming for having enough data to make a decision on that development plan by year-end 2015.
Gregory P. Hill: A lot of the 3D has been shot and it's currently being processed as we speak. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the operator, ExxonMobil affiliate, plans to spud that well in early 2017. Obviously we would have the results during 2017 of that well, and it's cretaceous fan play. Sorry 2015, sorry, not 2017. I was thinking Nova Scotia, I apologize. Guyana is 2015.
Gregory P. Hill: I wouldn't even want to fathom I guess on your question, but certainly the environment we're in, one would assume that there will be more consolidation and it's yet to unfold.
John B. Hess: Yes, in terms of the industry, a lot of the announcements of companies' plans including ours have been announced for 2015 where their significant reductions and their unconventional programs and as you all know many unconventional wells on the oil side have about a 70% decline in the first year, and as these programs through the year get feathered in with reduced rigs running, the growth year on year of unconventionals being up 1 million barrels a day or so year versus year in the U.S. because of unconventional, we see that attenuating quite a bit to where it flattens out probably the beginning of next year. So a lot of the unconventional growth both for the industry and ourselves at the rig counts being anticipated should flatten out, and our Company itself also will have that but it's great pointing out we're going to still be able even in these oil prices to drill very attractive returns in the core of the core and we're very fortunate to be in a position to do that for several years. So our whole focus here is to maintain our financial strength and flexibility while still preserving our long-term growth options, but we do believe with the decrease in investment programs for the industry and the consequent levelling out of production growth, oil prices will recover starting next year.
John B. Hess: Appreciate that. Obviously as opportunities arise, we'll be in a position to evaluate them with the strong financial position we have. It would have to still make sense both strategically and financially. So we're definitely on the lookout and we'll be in a position to move forward if something made sense, but at the same time our priority still will be to maintain our financial strength and flexibility and preserve our long-term growth options.
John B. Hess: Obviously we're dealing with the reality of current prices, and while we can't predict them and certainly believe they will recover, we're also going to be in a position to adapt further should they be deeper and longer. So they are very unpredictable right now and we think the prudent thing is to focus on financial strength and preserving our liquidity to ride this storm out and we think we're going to come out of this in a very strong manner and I want to make sure we take the steps to do that. So if we have to moderate CapEx more should the price decline continue for a longer period, we'll be in a position to do that. We think we've got the prudent balance now to stay financially strong yet still preserve our long-term growth options and our capability, as Greg said earlier.
John B. Hess: I'd say as we have a little more visibility on where oil prices stabilize. They are in free fall now, we don't think they are sustainable here, but once the investment programs of not only companies but countries take effect, we think that's going to affect both unconventional and conventional production, that should start to strengthen the market and wherever those prices stably lies remains to be seen, but making a forecast on that now would be foolhardy and predicting when that time we could give new updates also would be foolhardy. We do think during the year as production growth starts to attenuate, prices will start to recover and once we have a little more visibility and confidence in the stability, that's when we would make those updates.
