Douglas George Blyth Leggate: John, first of all, I think you guys should be congratulated in the progress you've delivered in the last year or so. However, obviously, there's a lot of news of -- clearly, an activist involved now. Could you share your thoughts not specifically about their suggestions in terms of business strategy, but more about their proposals for the board constitution? Any thoughts you could share there, please? And then, I have a follow-up on Production.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Just 2 quick ones, if I may. I guess, they're both for John Rielly. John, deferred taxes. How should we think about -- you've given us a tax rate, but can you talk about Norway? Can you talk about the tax position in the U.S.? And in answering the question, can you tell us what the current status is of Retail in terms of whether you spun it or not, how would that change your IDC allowances? And I've got a quick follow-up, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Great. And my follow-up, I don't know who wants to take this one, but can you quantify the level of interest in the Eagle Ford and Russia in terms of drilling [ph] activity and so on, and I'll leave it there.
John B. Hess: Yes, no, I think it's important to just make a point here. We look at everything to enhance long-term shareholder value. We have no sacred cows in the business. We have no sacred cows in the boardroom. It should be obvious that we have made a lot of moves with a multiyear strategy to put our company in a position to generate long-term shareholder value, that we look at things for all shareholders' benefit. And as a consequence, we're happy to discuss with shareholders their ideas. And specifically, in terms of Elliott's proposals, we're looking carefully at them and the presentation. We will have a response to that presentation in a short period of time. But this earnings call is not the appropriate forum to respond to Elliott.
John B. Hess: No. Obviously, we're going to look at all strategic options to maximize value in terms of the divestiture of our terminal network in the United States. Most likely, it will be as outright sale. I think it's important that we will take the appropriate steps to ensure supply, security, competitive prices and to maintain the high quality service for our customers in Retail and Energy Marketing businesses, which are very profitable and a good source of U.S. income. But at the end of the day, we're just starting the sale process for those terminals. And obviously, when we have a transaction completed, we'll give you an update on that. So all options are on the table, but most likely, we're looking at an outright cash sale. So I think it's important to understand that for our terminal network divestiture. In terms of an MLP in the Bakken for our infrastructure, this is not new. This idea, it's been in the industry for some time. We've done study on it, constantly. We're very aware of the benefits that it might create. And so as a consequence, if it makes sense to create long-term shareholder value, it will be given serious consideration. But we certainly do not believe that an MLP in the Bakken is appropriate at this time.
John B. Hess: I absolutely -- that is a correct understanding of my remarks, that the major moves to reshape our portfolio in terms of divestiture to complete the strategic reshaping of our portfolio will have been completed by the end of 2013, but I think it has to be very clear. We have, we'll continue to do so and currently look at all opportunities to enhance long-term shareholder value for our shareholders. There are no sacred cows. It should be obvious by our behavior over the last several years, as it is most recently, and we will in the normal course of business continue to look at opportunities to optimize and upgrade our portfolio in the future.
John B. Hess: We've been clear. We're very proud of the global portfolio we have. We definitely believe that our three-pronged strategy -- we had been too focused on high-impact exploration, which we've addressed by cutting it way back, giving it more focus. Greg talked about it. Obviously, some good news in Ghana. We can talk about that a little bit more. Greg will address that. But our strategy now of balancing and combining low-risk unconventionals, exploitation of existing discoveries, such as the North Malay Basin gas development that we're in. And the smaller, more focused exploratory program is the right strategy. It's being recognized, obviously, in the market, and our key objective now is to stay focused on executing it to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. So the global reach and balance, some of those assets in our conventional portfolio generate the cash needed to fund the unconventional growth that we have in the Bakken and the Utica. And just having the Bakken and Utica stand alone, they would not be self-funding. They could not get access to the credit markets, and that's a real issue. So this balanced approach we definitely think is the right one that will create the most returns, financial returns for our shareholders over the long term. So we feel very good about our global portfolio. We feel very good about the balance of unconventionals and conventionals from a financial return perspective and a funding perspective. And I think the strategy is being recognized. I think another point to bring out here, Paul, is that in these divestitures, we've gotten rid of about 1/3 of our assets. So often, when -- hidden in your question could be you're global, you're too spread out. Well, actually, Hess has brought down the focus considerably of the portfolio of assets that we have. So we're very, very comfortable that we can manage it, that we can execute it, and we can deliver long-term shareholder value from it. So hopefully, that gives you some perspective on both the global portfolio and the benefits of it in terms of diversifying risk and maximizing return and also, having the funding that we need for the unconventionals. But also, that we have much more focus to our portfolio that, hopefully, will be recognized by investors. And we believe that, that strategy is the right one, and it's being recognized. And I might turn the call just over -- about exploration, one, what we're doing in exploration but two, more specifically the focus that we have there and talk about Ghana a little bit.
John B. Hess: Yes, and specifically, in terms of the sale, when we can give you an update on the progress or the consummation of it, we will.
John B. Hess: Yes, just to be clear, it's not a fuel marketing business. If it were just a fuel marketing business, we probably wouldn't have kept it. But we have morphed our fuel marketing business into an Energy Marketing business, where the same customer that might -- and these are commercial industrial accounts, about 22,000 of them from Massachusetts down to South Carolina across to Ohio, where we sell -- we're currently selling over 1.5 billion cubic feet a day of gas, which obviously, will help us if we find gas in Utica and certainly put us in a good position so we wouldn't have to discount that gas. So there are going to be some strategic benefits there, and we also sell 4,500 megawatt hours around the clock to those customers as well. It's a very profitable business. It makes, I'd say, very acceptable strong returns. So the fact that it's U.S. income, it gives us some marketing capability. We have a strong brand. We think, that if anything, it enhances the company from a financial and reputational point of view.
John B. Hess: Yes, I think the most important thing there is, we want to have a strong investment grade rating, and we want to pay off the debt that we've incurred as we've made this transition into unconventionals and get our strong balance sheet back. And as John Rielly reflected, by the end of 2013, we should be there. And then, it's going to be a function, looking forward, at attractive investment opportunities, current returns to shareholders and getting the balance right. As it turns out, our company is a growth company and has very attractive investments. They have to compete for capital. They have to meet our 15% hurdle rate, meaning, meet or exceed our 15% hurdle rate of $100 Brent. And I wouldn't want to speculate on where we're going to be investing the money a year from now until some of the investment growth opportunities we have, have more time to mature such as the Utica, potentially Ghana, potentially [indiscernible] in the deepwater Gulf.
John B. Hess: Yes, there's strong interest on both, Doug. So that's, I think, as far as we can go. And once the sale process consummates, we'll inform you to the outcome.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, I think -- thanks for the question. I think the way that John said in his opening remarks really kind of characterized what we were trying to say. So if you back the sales out, so you rebase the company. What John said is, in terms of 2014 production, we expect that the increase -- or the decrease in production resulting from those sales is going to be largely offset by the increased production from the Bakken and the Valhall Field, the start up of Tubular Bells and the North Malay Basin developments.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, John. Again, just to reiterate what John said, we've been refocusing exploration, and we've significantly reduced investment. We're at $550 million of investments this year, focused on our 3 primary areas: the Gulf of Mexico; Southeast Asia, Malaysia in particular and then also, the West Africa play, which Ghana is clearly a part of. As I said in my kind of opening remarks about Ghana, we've got 6 discoveries under our belt on Ghana. December, our fifth discovery came out, which was the Pecan-1 well, which had 245 feet of pay and Turonian pay. And then, in January, we announced the Cob well, which was another discovery. So that brought our discovery count again to 6. Now we can't talk much about Cob just because it's a lease line well. So we have to stay confidential for now. In fact, our competitors are in the midst of drilling the adjacent well on the lease line. And so the last well that we're currently going to drill in 2013, we're on right now, and we expect to reach a TD in February, and that's north of the Pecan-1 well, which was a big discovery, the big Turonian oil discovery, and that again, is targeting Turonian-aged oil reservoirs. So we're in predevelopment studies now. So we're looking at all of these discoveries and how are we going to develop all these. We plan to file an appraisal plan with the government mid-year. So we're progressing Ghana. We don't expect to drill any more wells in 2013, most likely, if any more drilling, appraisal -- drilling will be in 2014.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we will. Yes, we will. That's, again, part of our stated strategy in Exploration, to continue to partner these things. Obviously, now we have significant discoveries, so our partnering strategy, we'll pick the right kind of partner to help us with that.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as John said in his opening remarks, Russia currently makes about 50,000 barrels a day, and that's about what it's projected to make in 2013.
Gregory P. Hill: All right. I think on the acreage, as we've said before, we've got between 550,000 and 600,000 net acres that we call core in the Bakken. Our acreage count is actually higher, but we think that 550,000 to 600,000 is really the core part of the play. As far as wells, a lot of it depends upon infill spacing. All those questions that are still being answered as we speak. But eventually, it'll be in the order of 2,000 to 3,000 wells buildout in the Bakken. So obviously, very significant drilling and completion programs.
Gregory P. Hill: No, not yet. We really want to get this next well down and importantly, get our predevelopment study done because there's a number of accumulations on the block, how they tie back, which ones you can tie back, et cetera. So we don't have a commercial estimate yet.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I mean, we're shooting seismic, and we plan to drill 2 wells in 2013, one on the Shakrok block and one on the Dinarta block.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I can. So I can give you 2012 actuals. If you look at operated production, fourth quarter was about 55,000 barrels a day of operated. Outside operated, it was about 9.5. That brings you to the 64.5 for the quarter.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Next year, we'll spend about $150 million in outside operated wells in capital, and the balance being on our own account.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, let me just come back to your question on the Bakken, just to be clear, in 2013. So if you look at the capital spend next year in the Bakken, the external guidance was 2.2, about $500 million of that is facilities. So that's a significant reduction from last year. About $1.4 billion or so or $1.5 billion is owned wells, and the rest is outside operated, and we have a small amount of land and seismic and studying money in there as well. I just wanted to make that clear.
Gregory P. Hill: We're actually going to where the best wells are. So we have some outstanding wells in the Three Forks, and they're just going to be part of our normal mix of wells. We're doing very -- a very small amount of appraisal work in the Three Forks so that most of the Three Forks drilling next year is in proven high-profitability, high-return areas.
Gregory P. Hill: Well as you know, as we've said before, we do have an ongoing close-space pilot in the Middle Bakken. We plan to continue that pilot into this year, and so again, the spacing varies by the drilling unit depending on the quality of the rock and all those factors. So there won't be a generic spacing that you can say for the Bakken. It's really going to depend upon the quality of the rock at the end of the day.
Gregory P. Hill: I think, in general, for now, that's an appropriate size program. Guidance in 2014, obviously, we can't give. I will say, part of that will depend upon Ghana.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think 120,000 barrels a day remains our goal. It'll largely be a function of our investment levels, which in turn are, obviously, are function of oil prices and competing investment opportunities in the portfolio.
