Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as I said in my opening remarks, really, supply chain savings are across the board, and they range all the way from 10% to 30%. With the 10%, the lower end of the range, being the consumables like steel because steel, on a worldwide basis, is pretty still -- is still a strong market. On the upper end of that range, you have your pumping services and your onshore rig rates towards that 30% range. Discussions are ongoing with suppliers. It's hard for me to give you an estimate of where we are in the process. It's an ongoing process. We do expect additional cost reductions throughout the year, but it's too early to speculate on how much they'll be or how fast they will come.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, Doug. I mean, I can't speak for others. I think our philosophy is just from a return standpoint, it doesn't make a lot of sense to drill a well but not complete it. And so the decision should be to not drill the well upfront and that's why we've collapsed to our core and said things outside the core we'll save for a later day. But our philosophy is where we have the good returns in the core of the core we're going to drill and complete those wells in just the normal cycle, particularly with lean manufacturing because you want to keep that learning and continuous improvement machine going because if you stop it and then restart it, say, 1 year or 2 later, your startup costs will be more than if you just would have continued.
Gregory P. Hill: No. The reason we're concentrating on Harrison County is that is the core of the core of the wet gas play, so that offers the best returns.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we've done a fair number of re-fracs in the past. Particularly, we experimented a lot with them in the 2010 timeframe. The results were very mixed. Having said that, I think we'll continue to watch others and see how that develops. And if it looks like it's a value-accretive thing to do, we would do that. I would say if you can get your well costs down very low, it may make more sense just to redrill a lateral than deal with the complexity of re-fracturing.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, again, we have reduced our rig count to 8. And so there is some uncertainty as to how or if the Bakken rolls. Now we believe we can maintain production relatively flat with an 8-rig program, but obviously, there's uncertainty in that. As the year develops and as we get more production experience, we'll update our guidance accordingly. Regarding performance being a little better than expected, we are seeing some very good type curve performance in the core of the core. And so that's been a nice surprise for us.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think the current environment provides some opportunities to capture cost reductions, which will benefit Stampede before it comes on-stream in 2018. So we're about 85% contracted through the first quarter of 2015. Now I will remind you that 60% of the costs associated with drilling is associated with drilling and completions on Stampede, and that in late 2014, we contracted 7 string years with Diamond at a day rate of about $400,000, which is roughly 40% to 50% lower than what the 2013 market rates were. So we captured some of those savings already. I think as just a general statement, the cost savings in the offshore are not as deep and pronounced as the onshore, for obvious reasons, and they're coming at a slower pace than the ones in the onshore. They'll come, with time, particularly if crude prices stay low, but not at the rate or the depth that we're seeing in the onshore.
Gregory P. Hill: Let me kind of address the -- kind of what is an industry question, which is the ramp back up. A couple of comments. I think that the ramp-up will not be as fast as the ramp-down. Why? Because there is a significant amount of the workforce that has left the oil and gas industry. And so to restart those rigs and get crews and get all the people you need, that's going to be a much slower ramp. So I think as an industry, our ability to ramp up will not be as fast as maybe some people anticipate. So I think that's the first kind of context we'll comment. I think the other thing that we're thinking about, John can build on this, is we'll have to see a fairly strong price signal for an extended period of time before we're just going to ramp activity back up. So any of those savings will, by definition, go straight back onto the balance sheet to help reduce our deficit.
Gregory P. Hill: I believe some of it is sustainable. And -- but trying to predict when it will bounce back, how fast, I think, is really difficult.
Gregory P. Hill: Again, Paul, I think, we only have one quarter under our belt and we will update guidance, as we always do, at the end of the second quarter. We do have the usual maintenance in the summer months in our offshore fleet. We also have to tie in the new well at Tubular Bells and tie in a nearby accumulation called Gunflint that will also be brought into the Tubular Bells Williams facility. And so there's a little more downtime with Tubular Bells. I think as I mentioned earlier, there'll be uncertainty in the Bakken as you reduce the rig rates. Production's strong, it's going well. But as you reduce those rates, I think there's still some uncertainty. So I'd like to see a little more visibility on how the Bakken is going to behave before we update our guidance, but production's been strong so far.
Gregory P. Hill: I think, just to give you some round numbers, we have about 25 days of maintenance for T-Bells, which is a little high because we have these tie-ins that we're going to do, so that would be abnormal, I would say. 17 days for all the other Gulf of Mexico fields, so that's about normal. 6 days on Valhall, again about normal. And then 17 days on JDA, which is a little higher because we're tying in booster compression and other things at JDA. So T-Bells and JDA are a little bit higher than normal.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Evan, as we've said, we've guided the 550 to 650 range on EUR. Obviously, as we collapse to the core, that number is going to increase over time, as will the IP rates as you begin to collapse to the core of the core. So yes, they will be a little bit stronger than what our average has been in the past.
Gregory P. Hill: Obviously, within that range, it'd be at the lower end of that range for outside the core. So we're going to concentrate on the upper end of that range in our drilling program.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, you bet. So let me start with the 9-8. The results that we've seen from the 4 pilots are encouraging and so we're increasing the number of pilots on the 9 and 8 to 9 this year. So again, some encouragement there. The 50 stage, we've got a few under our belt. So operationally, they've gone extremely well. And now we're just watching the production curves, and it's too early to kind of say it's a victory or not. But so far, operationally, we've proven that it's a -- we can get those in the ground without any trouble.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, obviously, as we get our well costs down and also get our productivity up, potentially through a higher stage count, more of the inventory will kind of come into that breakeven, right? As I said before, though, I think increasing activity, we're going to want pretty good price signals before we just go increase activity. So any savings is going to be swept to the balance sheet to help reduce our deficit in the near term.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're confident that we can stay well within our well cost even at 50 stages because of the improvements we're making, not only through lean, but through supply chain. Early days on the type curves. Encouraging, but we want to see good type curve history before we make a final decision on whether we move to 50 stage. Our standard design still remains 35 for now.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, again, as I said earlier, Paul, I think at 8 rigs, we believe we can hold the Bakken broadly flat within the range that we've guided. Now we'll see. There's some uncertainty in that number, but believe -- we believe we can hold it broadly flat with 8 rigs.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So in the first quarter, as you saw, it was just over a $100 million decrease due to working capital. Now there's ins and outs, as you can imagine, that's going to go to the portfolio every quarter. And in general, as a -- from a guidance standpoint, we will have a pull on working capital as we go through the year, and that is due to our dismantlement efforts in the U.K. and in Norway. So if you saw on our 10-K, in our current liabilities for dismantlement, we had $440 million of dismantlement costs that were expected liabilities to be incurred this year. And so effectively, that $100 million that we have there results from that dismantlement. On an ongoing basis, I would say, with working capital, it will generally be around the same amounts, except the second quarter will be slightly higher pulls because we have tax payments internationally, and then the third and fourth quarters being a bit lower. So that's, in general, working capital. There is nothing unusual, I would tell you, to expect, then, from our cash flow numbers. As it relates to deferred taxes, the guidance that we have been giving out is that the benefit that we are providing as estimates and that you put in your models, you should assume that tax benefit is a deferred benefit. And in the first quarter, the actual benefit that we recorded was essentially all a deferred benefit. We do have some current taxes that we pay, but we also had some offsets from those dismantlement costs that I just mentioned. As we pay them in the U.K., we receive some cash refunds.
John P. Rielly: Doug, there's no signal from that comment, just progression and where we are. As you know, we're in a quiet period in the registration process and we're limited, really, in what we can do and discuss about our midstream assets and we really can't provide any further comments on the process.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. Under these prices, and you're absolutely right, anything that we can invest around our existing hubs are the most profitable investments that we can make in the portfolio. Now we always said we have the tension because we want to maintain that strong financial position. So as you know, we did reduce rigs in North Dakota and we are dropping the rig in EG in the middle of the year and we're stacking the Valhall platform rig in the middle of the year. All of those opportunities are good return opportunities. But again, we're balancing that with maintaining a strong financial position still while preserving growth options and preserving our operating capabilities. But having said that, from an incremental capital, we're really not looking at incremental capital right now in this price environment. But the first dollars, you are right, will for the most part go to where we have existing infrastructure because that'll be our best returns.
John P. Rielly: So I mean, you can see, we still have $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And just in general, we have moderate leverage metrics and we have an undrawn $4 billion revolver, which doesn't mature until 2020. So we have ample liquidity. And as you mentioned, we've got the $550 million cost savings initiative that we've already achieved and we are continuing to work to drive further cost reductions throughout our portfolio. So that, and also there's been some firming with the oil prices, is helping to reduce our deficit. So I don't want to predict where we'll be at the end of the year, but we believe we have the financial strength to fund any near-term deficit, that's why we keep that strong financial position.
John P. Rielly: So just before I discuss the MLP, the infrastructure costs this year are higher. We have some significant infrastructure work that we're doing south of the river to be able to bring hydrocarbons back up north of the river, to -- either oil to our rail facility or gas to our gas plants. So we do have a higher infrastructure spend this year and it will decrease as it goes forward in '16. There always will be infrastructure spend, and then, yes, as the MLP is out in the market and is operating, they will be picking up the infrastructure spend.
John P. Rielly: The way we look at it, Paul, I mean, it's always a difficult question. The way we look at a run rate spend from keeping something -- keeping production flat, is we look at it really keeping our barrels, our proved reserve barrels flat. So if you're talking about -- with 360,000 barrels a day of approximate production, taking that by 365, you're saying you need to produce -- or you need to replace about 140-ish type million barrels. And then take an F&D cost, $20 to $25, that's how we look at kind of a capital spend just to keep reserves flat, which we do and imply over time that you can keep production flat. So that $3.8 billion would be in that range.
John P. Rielly: Yes, no change in the geology. It's actually even just more hookups getting to our gas plant, which was being expanded, so just getting infrastructure and getting more of the gas into the plant.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Paul. Just on an overall basis, I just want to remind that we remain committed to managing our business to be cash generative over the long term. So you have summarized kind of all of our comments today correctly. It's not per se that we are absolutely planning at $60, but we're looking at the reality of where the current price environment is. And we want to make sure that we can be cash generative over the long term. So first, we're serious about addressing the funding deficit because we want to maintain our strong financial position, and that's why we started with the $550 million of cost savings. Just to get to that $3.8 billion, so the first quarter was the peak of our capital spending, and spending will reduce each quarter throughout the year, and so that's why by the second half of the year, we have this $3.8 billion run rate, which is about 1/3 lower. Now general comments of being able to hold reserves. Again, you're talking about a $25 F&D. Obviously, if you just hold your reserves flat and you do increase production, you do reduce your reserve life. So we have to balance and we want to maintain the longevity of the portfolio as well. But we're focused right now on cost reduction efforts and reducing that funding deficit. And because we have a strong financial position, we can invest in this low commodity price cycle. So again, we're very focused on investing in the good returns in our portfolio. We want to maintain our growth options and it's key that we preserve this top quartile operating capability that we've developed. And so that's why being able to keep the strong financial position to fund, in any given year, a deficit. But over the long term, I just want to reemphasize that we will do what it takes to be cash generative over the long term. So again, not focused on any individual price at one point in time, but that's how we're running the business.
John P. Rielly: Paul, we can't -- I mean, just to estimate what's going to happen with prices. And -- so first of all, even at $60, we've got to focus then on the cost reduction efforts. And as Greg said, things will be coming over time. So trying to forecast exactly what our cash flow would be with $60, long term, it would be difficult to do. So I think I just want to come back to that we are committed, over the long term, to be cash generative over a cycle time, so that's how we are focusing the business.
John P. Rielly: We've done, obviously, $13 billion worth of asset sales for the past couple of years. And to get our portfolio to a position that we really think it's competitive at low prices and it's going to be very competitive at high prices. So right now, obviously, where prices are, it's not a seller's market. We're focused absolutely on, day in and day out, on cost reduction efforts and reducing our deficit. So that's our focus right now, Pavel.
John P. Rielly: No, the hedges we have on are what I mentioned in my earlier results, so we have 50,000 barrels a day of collars and they're Brent collars, between $60 and $80. And again, we will continue to look at our price exposure on an annual basis and we may hedge to provide some insurance. So in the first quarter, we saw an opportunity to hedge against a pretty softening market right there and potential declines in '15, and so we entered into those collars. But again, it's an ongoing thing that we may do, but at this point in time, it's the program that I mentioned.
John B. Hess: Happy to do so. Obviously, it's political, Doug, as you mention. All we're trying to do is make sure our voice is heard and we keep the pressure on, on this important issue. It'll either take an act of Congress or an executive order from the President to give the green light to crude exports. It's a time where we're, as a country, considering lifting the sanctions on Iranian crude oil exports. Well, it's high time that we lift the sanctions on the self-imposed U.S. crude imports. And so we're trying to have our voice heard. Other members of the industry are. And I think we're trying to build and educate awareness with political leaders, both on the congressional side as well as the executive branch, to move this forward. So we're going to do what we can to make this more a current item as opposed to one that gets kicked down the road.
John B. Hess: Right. We have plenty of great investment opportunities to create value for our shareholders from our current portfolio of assets and prospects. So as a consequence, that's where our focus is going to be to deliver future value. Having said that, in the current environment, if there are opportunities out there, we're always looking to strengthen our portfolio strategically, that meet our investment thresholds and that don't sacrifice our balance sheet strength. Things that would meet that, which we certainly haven't seen yet, then we would give that strong consideration. But the key in all of this is to maintain our balance sheet strength and also, in all of this, we will be capital disciplined.
John B. Hess: And 8 corresponds to the current price environment that we're in right now, Paul. So that sort of gives you a feel for, at this price environment, with an 8 rig complement, we think we can keep the Bakken flattish for the next several years.
John B. Hess: Yes, and in terms of the cash dividend, right now, our priority is the funding deficit and getting ourselves to a cash generative position. So those are the priorities right now -- and investing for returns.
John B. Hess: And as always, and we've said this before, but just to give clarity, portfolio optimization is ongoing and part of the normal course of business as we move forward. And that includes the monetization of our Bakken midstream.
