Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Roger. As we said in our opening remarks, our new completion design, which is a 60-stage, 140,000 pounds per stage, has resulted in a 10% to 15% uplift in EUR and also IP180 rates. That 175 at 6 rigs reflects improvement from that move to that new completion design.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think we continue to optimize. We continue to look at other completion techniques. For example, we're doing some plug-and-perf pilots this year. Reason being is, as the industry has continued to improve, the limited entry perforating, in particular on plug-and-perf, is allowing a very large number of entry points with very good fracture control. And so, we're looking at that and are going to pilot some of that this year. So, potentially, there could be a move to that. But we need to get more experience under our belt. And certainly, we know that we're going to have to do plug-and-perf outside the core. So that's why we want to really begin to experiment with that stuff.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, Doug. Let me talk about Stampede first. We will gradually bring that production on over the year. The first piece that will come on is Penn State and Baldpate. That'll come on in the first quarter. The next thing that will come on is Llano, which is in the second quarter. And then, finally, Conger will come on towards the end of the third quarter. So that's sort of the cadence there. So we'd pick up all that production. By certainly fourth quarter, all of that comes back on. So it'll gradually come up. And if you want kind of a quarterly impact of the Gulf of Mexico, it's about 26,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. It's about 17,000 in the second quarter. It's about 15,000 in the third quarter. So that's the cadence there. And then, in terms of Stampede, we're going to gradually ramp that up over the next 18 months. We've got three producers capable of producing now. We'll continue to drill producers throughout the year and into 2018. So we'll gradually bring those up. And then, in the fourth quarter, Stampede will average about 10,000 barrels a day and then will continue its climb, net obviously. And then, will continue its climb in 2018 as we bring additional producers that we drill this year on production. And I think, just overall production, I think the important thing is that we mentioned in our opening remarks, the whole increase from the first quarter to the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, our production is going to be very strong and exit the year very strong in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter, we're going to exit the year 265,000 to 275,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, whereas the first quarter 220,000 to 225,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. So that's a significant increase over the year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I'll go first on Ranger. So, obviously, Ranger very significant outcome for the block. Why? 230 feet of very high-quality oil-bearing carbonate reservoir. Secondly, it's located 60 miles northwest of Liza, which says that the play is working certainly in terms of charge. The play is working that far away from Liza. I think the third thing is that we see a number of additional carbonate features on the block, so that says that the carbonate system is working. Now, obviously, we've got to get wells in those eventually. But it bodes very well for the block in Guyana and potentially even Suriname as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Hey, Doug. Just one other comment on Guyana. If you think about Turbot, which is 30 miles south east of Liza and then you have Ranger which is 60 miles northwest of Liza, given the petroleum system is working over that entire areal extent, it also opens up other play types. It's been highly prospective in addition to the carbonate. So, there's further play types on the block as well.
Gregory P. Hill: No. Thanks for the clarification question, Brian. What that was the impact of the Enchilada fire on Hess Gulf of Mexico production quarter-by-quarter. So, again, it's 26,000 barrels a day off production on average in Q1, it's 17,000 barrels a day on average in Q2 and then 15,000 barrels a day on average in Q3. And that reflects the cadence that I talked about, where Baldpate and Penn State come on in the first quarter, Llano comes on the second quarter and then, finally, Conger, the last piece, comes on in the third quarter. So, that's what that reflects. And then, the other piece of the equation in the Gulf of Mexico is Stampede. As I've said, that's going to gradually ramp up over 18 months. We just started first oil in January. We're going to ramp those wells up very slowly. That's been a big learning for industry that you need to bring these on very slowly. And we will average in the fourth quarter some-10,000 barrels a day. So, that kind of gives you how the trajectory of the Gulf of Mexico will go. The rest, decline is very shallow. So, decline is not a big factor in the Gulf of Mexico this year.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Michael, so it's early days. And what we'd like to do is get some dynamic data on these wells before we be as specific as what we think the peak rate will be. As I've said, we will ramp this up over the next 18 months. So, as we get that dynamic data, see what the wells are going to do – we just started this thing in January. Then, we'll be able to give some more definitive guidance on peak rates.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah. Obviously, we've been pretty active optimizing our portfolio. We have an open mind. We're always there to maximize value. We have a long-term strategy in portfolio that we and the board worked on to have the cash generators along with the growth engines in Guyana and the Bakken. So, we will always have an open mind to maximize value as we've shown in the past. Having said that, the major focus for the company is to capitalize on the amazing investment opportunity we have in Guyana and the Bakken. And to do that, we got to have a strong balance sheet and cash. We don't have a funding deficit. We pre-fund it. And as Guyana gets bigger and better with FPSO 2 now being defined and FPSO 3 and, by the way, a pretty active exploration and appraisal program, we've got to make sure we have the cash for that. So, our focus is much more on Guyana and in funding the world-class investment opportunity and the high finance returns there. To sell part of that would not be the right thing for our shareholders because that is probably the best investment return certainly in Hess' portfolio and one of the best in the industry. And if we could get more of it, we would. But selling it would be the wrong thing to do.
Gregory P. Hill: So, let me start with the 2018 program. Yes, you're correct. So, the average EUR this year will be north of 1 million. Average IPA – IP 180, so this is cumulative now, is north of 100,000 barrels of oil. And then, also, if you – what in our portfolio do we think can generate over 1 million barrels a day or 1 million barrels of EUR? There's about 500 or so wells in our portfolio that can do that with our current completion design of 60-stage 140,000 pounds. That's substantially from where it was last year as a result of moving to that better completion design.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. And, Paul, in terms of Ghana, it's a good asset. There's oil there. But our strategy is to invest in the highest return projects, be capital disciplined and committed to being cash flow generative at a $50 Brent price post 2020, as Liza Phase 1 comes on. And, quite frankly, that project, while a good project, just can't compete for capital relative to the other investment opportunities we have. So, as a consequence, we're currently looking at options to monetize our Ghana asset.
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think what you should take as a feedback is that we talk to all of our shareholders, and a number of our shareholders put a high degree of importance on that dividend as a show of confidence in our future and our ability to generate cash. So we talk to all our shareholders. We have ongoing communications with all of our shareholders. And there are other views about the dividend than that one shareholder you were referring to.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So now with NMB coming online, our Malaysia assets are going to be significant free cash flow generators. You can see the Asian gas price that we now have. What we have in JDA is actually going to be the lowest, I guess, of the gas price because it goes back to 2016 oil prices. So we'll have that price through September 30 of 2018, and then it will increase going to 2017 prices. And then, obviously, so far in 2018, with the prices getting higher, JDA's price will continue to increase. North Malay Basin basically only has a one-month lag on oil prices. So we are seeing the benefit of that reflected right into our gas prices in North Malay Basin. So if you looked at the number in that fourth quarter, JDA is below that average and North Malay Basin, basically, significantly above that average. So we're seeing significant free cash flow actually from the Malaysian assets in 2018. And that will continue as you move into 2019 and 2020 because we'll start slowly bringing down the capital in North Malay Basin. As far as Bakken goes, so this year, we are actually reducing the cash flow from the Bakken a bit because we're moving to the six rigs. And as Greg said, the fifth and sixth rigs are coming in the third – one in the third quarter, one in the fourth quarter. So the wells that are drilled by the fifth and sixth rig are really not impacting production or cash flow in 2018. So we get the uplift on production and cash flow in 2019 from that. So while Bakken will be generating free cash flow, it'll give more in 2019. And then obviously with this growth that you just heard that Greg talked about, that will begin to significantly increase cash flow from the Bakken. And then, obviously, the other piece of our business is Gulf of Mexico. It's always been a significant free cash flow generator for us. Now, Stampede is coming online, so the capital is being reduced from the prior year. We do have this deferred production which, as I guided, was about $55 million affect the cash flow in the fourth quarter. It's reasonable for you to use about $1 million a day from that being shut in, so you got 15,000 barrels a day. So you're getting, on a half year basis, on 30,000 barrels. It is affecting us like somewhere between $180 million and $200 million in 2018. But Gulf of Mexico is going to be a significant cash flow generator as Stampede continues to ramp up, and we continue now to be actually bringing capital down there. So that's kind of how the cash flow works in our portfolio.
John P. Rielly: No. In the first quarter, Doug, we didn't have any weather issues. Again, as Greg said, oil will be flat from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. It's above-ground NGL volumes. And what it is, is that we had some ethane rejection. And by the way, none of this impacts actually our financial results. But there was some ethane rejection that we had in the first quarter that we're having, as well as higher NGL prices. It just works the way we process our gas that when you get volumes to up to the amount of the gas processing fee. So if the prices are higher, your NGL volumes go down. So there's no impact at all really from weather. We did see some right at the beginning. There was some difficult weather, but it didn't really impact. As you saw, we came in at the high end of the guidance in the fourth quarter. And, yes, there's some impact early on in January, but it's really not impacting our overall volumes. And I think you asked would growing – we said the Bakken will be 115,000 to 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over the year. So, obviously, you start at 105,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. By the time you get to the fourth quarter, it's going to be higher than that range that we have there. So it's going to be right at that upper end of the range.
John P. Rielly: So, Paul, in the pro forma numbers that we gave for 2017 of the 242,000 barrels a day, that – we only took out the assets sold. So, Denmark is in there, and we have Denmark in our production guidance next year. So, if you wanted to take 10,000 barrels out of the 242,000, drop it to 232,000 and if you could take 10,000 barrels out of our 2018 production...
John P. Rielly: If you were just doing a comparison. So, I just want to make sure when everybody looks at that, that our pro forma of 242,000, our midpoint right now is between the 245,000 and 255,000 is 250,000. If you add the Enchilada effect to the 265,000, we're getting to that 10% pro forma growth that Greg had talked about that will continue into 2020.
John P. Rielly: So, for Stampede, as Greg said, there will be this slow ramp, right? So cash cost per barrel will not be obviously at its regular operating level at the beginning. So cash cost will be a little bit higher. But just like all Gulf of Mexico fields, Stampede itself is going to be below $10 as that is, as Greg said, when you get to the fourth quarter and you get that up to the 10,000 barrels a day. So, again, Gulf of Mexico is always a good low-cost operating environment. Tubular Bells is just a little bit higher. And we said because we've leased that facility. So that's the one unique asset you have in the Gulf of Mexico. So Tubular Bells is above $10 for that. But that will hold steady at that rate.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So from the hedging standpoint, just confirming your point that, in 2019, we have not added any hedges in 2019 with the backwardation basically in the curve. So for 2018, it is unchanged. It is in the back of the release. It's 115,000 barrels per day, correct, that we have the collars on in 2018.
John P. Rielly: If you're trying to bridge, let's just say, the fourth quarter number to our first quarter number, the biggest change is obviously asset sales. So the 282,000 barrels a day, if you take 41,000 barrels a day approximately as it relates to the asset sales, you have to take that off. Then, as Greg mentioned, we've got 26,000 barrels a day off on Enchilada versus the 17,000 barrels a day that we have. So you have to take another 9,000 barrels a day off. You've picked up the Bakken, right? So that's 5,000 barrels down. Utica will have a decline. So we have Utica declining approximately 3,000 barrels a day in the first quarter from the fourth quarter. As you probably saw it in our capital release, we will be completing some DUCs that we have, and that won't come in until really the end of the year. You won't see that in the Utica until fourth quarter production. So with that, you basically bridge the difference between the fourth quarter and first quarter.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So first thing I have to say, there is no effect on our bottom line for these two items. So the first one is our buyer who takes our ethane, can execute and can reject ethane based on whatever pricing that they're getting and what benefits from their standpoint. However, they do have to pay us the economic amount of that ethane that we would have produced. So, again, just from a pure volume standpoint, we'll just have less ethane volumes flowing through our NGLs in the first quarter. So that's one. And basically that's going to go away and come right back on. The second one is the increase in NGL pricing. So just think about it as you've got a set gas processing fee, and it only works on some of the contracts that we have. And then you've probably heard POP contracts, or percentage of proceeds contracts. So what we get is actual NGL volumes to satisfy that gas processing fee. So as NGL prices go up, you just get less volumes. You get the same amount from your gas processing fee, but you just get less volumes to satisfy it. So as prices have come up from the fourth quarter, that's affecting that number. If prices stay the same or go down, you will get some fluctuations above ground. It shouldn't be big. It's not going to be a big effect. And again, as we said, Bakken, the real key is we'll be adding wells a little bit more towards the latter part of the first quarter and then just driving through the year and increasing Bakken quarter-on-quarter.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So it's really all the attributes and you have to – not even just the fiscal terms, so let me just start with Guyana overall. So our Liza find that we have, the geology, the reservoirs are just fantastic. The permeability is fantastic. The size – obviously, you've seen the scale. So that plays into getting that low to breakeven. The next thing, as you compare, let's just say the other basins around the world, the depths that you drill to in Guyana are much shallower; and the other thing is there's no salt. So from an imaging standpoint, that helps; and then there is less casing strings. So the exploration wells and the development wells obviously just cost less, I mean, clearly as you would compare, let's say, to like a Gulf of Mexico-type aspect. We're also in the low point in the cycle from offshore. So, again, yards are looking for work, rigs are looking for work. So all the costs that Exxon is getting for our developments are just hitting this, obviously, at the right point in the cycle. And then it's just a blend of the fiscal terms. So you have a production-sharing contract. So just start with any production-sharing contract. It gives you downside protection. That's what it's set up for to encourage investment from oil companies. So as oil prices go lower, you get more barrels because you get the cost recover from that standpoint. So again, as prices go down and giving you that breakeven, you get that production-sharing cost impact. And then, the terms are out there. They're on the government website for people to see. And that along with just the unique attributes of the Guyana Basin, in general, allow you to get this really low breakeven cost.
John P. Rielly: So, let me answer the Ranger question first. Yes, it was a very cautious drill. John, as you know, carbonates can be very tricky. But we didn't discover any of the downsides in the drilling of this well that potentially could have been there. So I think certainly on the next appraisal well of Ranger, we anticipate the drilling time will improve and the cost will be lower obviously. Regarding the boat on Phase 2, that decision has not been made. But certainly, from a financial standpoint, it's better to purchase these things ultimately just so you don't have to pay the uplift on the lease cost, right? So, I think we're aligned with the operator that ultimately you'd want to purchase these things, but that decision has not been made.
Doug Leggate: John, so I wonder if you could give us some idea of the cadence you're assuming on – I mean, it sounds like Enchilada is down for the first half of the year as kind of what you're assuming. But what are you assuming for the cadence for Stampede and Bakken? I'm wondering if you could give an exit rate for 2018 on both of those, please.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Just to be clear, Greg, on the Bakken, what are you assuming in there on the Bakken exit rate? I'm just wondering if you had any weather issues to impact the first quarter, given the depth you're seeing.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. My follow-up, Greg, is on Guyana. And I guess a couple of interrelated points, if I may. Greg, can you tell us what the implication is of the carbonate versus the strat plays you got at Ranger. Obviously, that is not yet in the 3.2 billion. Just give us an idea what you – the implications could be there. And I guess, my follow-up would be for Mr. Hess. John, it seems that Exxon is laying out a line of sight now in development. The PSC is now public. So, what else do you need to see to reset your buyback program because it's always like the spending allocation or the requirement is going to become pretty transparent here fairly soon. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John B. Hess: Yeah – no, I'm happy to talk about your question, Doug. Look, obviously, we have an extraordinary investment opportunity in Guyana. It truly gets bigger and better. And we're delighted that Exxon Mobil announced last Friday on their quarterly call that the second FPSO would be a larger ship, 220,000 barrels a day and start production in 2022. And that would make our net working interest production from Guyana over 100,000 barrels of oil a day by 2022. And also, they announced that engineering would start on a third FPSO, and that would come on shortly thereafter Liza-2. The size of that is going to be a function of further appraisal drilling, starting with Payara that we're currently drilling right now. So, your point is, as we get more transparency, the transparency is the capital need is going up. And so, we need to get some more definition in those costs and oil price before we would consider adding to our share repurchase program of the $500 million that's already underway. So, some more work and visibility on that. But I think the most important thing is this is a phenomenal, one of the world's best return investments in the oil industry. And we are extremely well positioned to capitalize on it and to prefund it with the cash that we have not just for FPSO 1 but FPSO 2, and those financial returns are going to distinguish our company from many years to come. We have to be in position to capitalize on it. And that's our first, second and third priority. As the costs get a little bit more defined on FPSO 2 and the engineering for FPSO 3, serious consideration will be to add to the share repurchase program that's underway already.
John B. Hess: And as Exxon said in their call that they're progressing concept selection for Payara and the startup there is planned for 2023 or 2024 which actually could mean 12 to 18 months from Liza Phase 2 as opposed to 24 months. So, Exxon is definitely getting more efficient in this assembly line process. And the definition of that, Brian, obviously, we need the appraisal drilling to be able to finalize what the size of that ship is going to be.
John B. Hess: So, we – I'm not going to be specific exactly on our – on the crude oil price outlook that we have and went through with the board. But let's just start with what we are doing from a management standpoint of the business. So, from a management standpoint of business, as we said, we are managing to $50 and being able to generate free cash flow at $50 post the Guyana start-up, and we are well on our way on track for that. So, again, with this pro forma production growth, 10% per year, plus our cash costs, as I said, by the fourth quarter going under $12. So, by 2020, we'll have our cash costs down to $10 and, again, now generating that free cash flow. So, as it relates to, just in general, where we're going with our cost reductions, we'll start getting that in the second half of the year. We're going to even get then the full annualized effect in 2019. And then, that will drop our cash costs per barrel even lower as we move into 2019.
John B. Hess: What you saw – if you noted in my guidance for corporate. So, what you see actually in 2018 already is about a $24 million reduction in our corporate expenses, if you just take the midpoint of our corporate guidance. So, we're beginning to get that impact right now in corporate. We're going to have severance charges. There'll be pension settlement charges. So with things like that going through. But what I would tell you in general, by the time we get to the end of this, about two-thirds of the savings just – I'm using round numbers, Paul – is going to be labor-based and then the one-third is going to be the other operating cost that I talked about. So that labor base will go between corporate E&P and also within operating costs in production and even within exploration G&A, too, as well. So it's going to be spread throughout kind of the line items that we have in our financial statements.
