Greg Hill: Yes, Doug. Thanks. So let me take your first question. So first of all, the Hammerhead well results for both Hammerhead-2 and Hammerhead-3 really demonstrated three things: first of all, both had high-quality reservoirs. The DST on Hammerhead-3 showed very good mobility. And finally, very good connectivity. And the connectivity is actually between all 3 wells. So, all 3 wells are in pressure communication so that bodes well for a development. Now we’re rolling all the results of this obviously into the development planned studies for that area. So, we’re just not ready to announce anything but we are rolling all the data in earnest into the studies as we speak. Regarding your second question, you’re right, we do have a lot of volume now underpinned really between the Liza complex and the Turbot complex, and we’re also, in earnest, doing development studies on that area. Obviously, it’s going to be a multi-FPSO kind of situation given the amount of volume we found. And then furthermore, as we look forward between now and the end of the year, we are going to do some more exploration drilling really along that northeastern part of the Stabroek Block between Turbot or southeastern block between Turbot and Liza. And we’ll drill probably 3, potentially 4 additional wells or get them started this year, starting with Tripletail first and then 2 or 3 other prospects along that southeastern seaboard. So, continue to see a lot of upside into that area. But again, all that’s being rolled into development studies as we speak.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Roger, we do plan to add a fourth drillship to the theater and that will be initially focused on exploration on the Stabroek Block in the fourth quarter. Obviously, as we begin to get into Phase 2 drilling, etcetera, there will be a couple of rigs drilling development wells at that point in time. But these rigs are going to be flexible. They’re going to move from E&A work depending on success, might move over to development for a while, come back the E&A. So, we are developing a great plan to get everything we want to get done from an E&A standpoint in time before exploration of the block. So we are developing a plan to do all of that.
Greg Hill: No. So let me just, again, lay out the kind of drilling sequence for the next 6 months. So, first of all, we’re going to drill the Ranger 2 appraisal well and then follow that with an extensive logging and quarrying program and DST. So, the rig will be on that location for a fair amount of time. The next rig will spud go back to the Tripletail well, so that’s going to be the first exploration well in the second half of the year. And then beyond that, we anticipate 2 or 3 additional exploration wells that spud before the end of the year. With, as I mentioned earlier, the focus really being on drilling out the southeast part of the block between Turbot and Liza. So, really defining that southeastern corridor of the block and obviously, that is so that we can plan our developments down there, how many ships and how do we sequence them, et cetera. And then looking beyond that, of course, in 2020, we’ll spud a well in Kaieteur block as well and then also on the Hess side, we’ll have a Block 42 well in Suriname in 2020 also. But I think it’s important that we continue to add to the inventory of exploration prospects on the block that represent multibillion barrels of upside. So, there is going to be an extensive E&A program over the next several years in Guyana for sure.
Greg Hill: No. I think that’s being rolled into our overall block development plans. And when and how Haimara plays in, not sure yet, it’s certainly in the queue. But as far as sequencing, not clear yet. And part of it is we want to appraise some more and explore some more in and around that Haimara hub in the next 18 months, we’ll say.
Greg Hill: Yes, Paul, excellent question. No, we’re taking a phased approach here, which we think is the most capital-efficient one and it will maximize our financial returns. So actually, from a financial return perspective, the roadmap that we’ve laid out, which is getting Liza 2 on in mid-2022 after Liza 1, which actually is running ahead of schedule, on in the first quarter of 2020, that will be followed by Payara in 2023 and then the exploration and appraisal program that Greg’s talking about is going to give us further definition about a fourth ship, which would probably be a year after Payara, and a fifth ship which would probably be a year after that one. And that really gives you the line of sight for the 5 ships. The exact sizing of the fourth and fifth ship is the reason we’re doing the exploration and appraisal program. So, we’re very comfortable about the financial requirements for that, and we’re very excited about the financial returns we’re getting from that. Obviously, further exploration drilling may have an impact on those ships in terms of sequencing and also identify further ships. But it’s very manageable from a financial perspective, and we and Exxon and CNOOC are totally aligned about maximizing value from this opportunity that we have.
Greg Hill: Yes. So first of all, let me say that we have, and we don’t have a lot of wells out there yet. But what I will say is that the wells drilled to-date in those areas are meeting expectations, that’s with returns in the order of 40% to 50% at $60 a barrel. Our plan for those areas in 2019 is to drill about 25 wells, and we’re going to be testing kind of different completion designs and well spacing in order to try and further optimize their development in these areas. As you recall, we’ve got at least a 15-year inventory of wells that exceeds 50% IRRs at $60 a barrel. And I expect with the optimization that we’re going to do this year in those areas like Goliath and Red Sky, that – I expect that inventory is probably going to grow as a result of that optimization.
Greg Hill: Yes. So on a growth base, it’ll be between 8,000 and 10,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and we have half of that. So the net would be half of that.
Greg Hill: No. I think this is really referencing the shift to plug and perf. And those are delivering, again, about a 15% increase in IP180 and a 5% to 10% increase in EUR versus our previous sliding sleeve design. And our whole program for 2019 – on average, EURs are going to be about 1 million barrels, IP 180s between 120% and 125% and the IRRs at 60% between 60% and 100% for the program this year. So a very strong program and we’re extremely pleased with the results and the Bakken is doing very well.
Greg Hill: No. I think the 9 and 8 configuration in the core that we’re pretty settled on. I think the optimization that could occur is as you get out into Tier 2 acreage, I’ll call it, although it’s all really good acreage, you might actually widen the spacing as you get out there. And why do I say that because our objective is to maximize DSU NPV. So it’s going to be that equation of profit loading, well spacing, et cetera, to basically maximize DSU NPV. So you might change the well spacing, you may not be as tight as you go out into the other acreage.
Greg Hill: Yes. We are well within regulatory requirements. And I think in particularly, as LM4 south of the river gas plant comes on, our joint venture with Targa, which is actually imminently on that will substantially drop our flaring south of the river and we will be substantially below regulatory requirements at that point in time. So, flaring is not an issue for us, it’s not a problem for us, particularly with LM4.
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. Thanks for that. And no, there shouldn’t be any change in our mix going forward. So, let me just talk first at a high-level our Bakken asset. It is doing really well and it’s in terms of, I’ll call it, production overall production, capital and cost and specifically, oil production. So, what we had during the quarter, April and May were tough weather months and well availability was low, but June was really strong and July has been really strong. So, what we can tell you is we’ve always said we’re in this low to mid-60s oil cut, so let me just say 63%, 64%. You can feel comfortable using that number on our third quarter production guidance that we gave for Bakken. And you can see there that we’re going to have a very strong oil production increase from the second to the third quarter. So then specifically, let me get to your point on the second quarter, what happened. As I mentioned, April and May were tough weather months, so well availability was low and that affected both oil and gas. Then if you look at our first quarter, we had a high oil cut of like 66% in that and it does get into the timing of gas capture, so we had additional gas capture in the second quarter. So, all else being equal, I would’ve said our overall production would have been in the 136,000 to 137,000 area, with an oil cut percentage in that 63% to 64%. But now it gets to your, call it, payment in kind on the gas processing fee. So, we do have a percentage of our contracts at the Tioga Gas Plant that are percentage of proceeds or POP contracts. And so, what happened, obviously, between the first and second quarter with lower NGL and gas prices, we received more volumes for those contracts. So, all else being equal, we probably picked up 3,000 to 4,000 barrels a day of NGL sand gas, if you want call it barrels, in the second quarter. So that’s why the oil cut is showing where it is. But let me just say, going forward we’ve always said we’re going to maintain this low to mid-60% oil cut all the way up to 200,000 barrels a day, so we are right on track for the 200,000 barrels a day. The Bakken asset team is executing really well and the plug and perf wells are doing really well. So, we’re excited about the asset and the third quarter looks good.
John Rielly: Roger, I wish I had an easy just one-off way but it really is across our portfolio, so it’s been good execution. So, this is in Bakken, it’s in Southeast Asia, Guyana, costs have been quite good. So, it really is across the portfolio. Same thing on the cash cost, the reduction there from the $13 to $14 per BOE down to the $12.50 to $13 BOE. We’re seeing it across the portfolio. I guess probably on the capital the biggest piece would be the Bakken but it really is across the portfolio.
John Rielly: Sure, Paul. Obviously, we’ll give our guidance in for 2020 as per our normal practice in late 2019 or early 2020. But I think you can go back to our Investor Day in December 2018 and we laid out the plan that John just talked about as well. So, based on that, we do expect that capital and exploratory spend for 2020 to be approximately $3 billion as we had laid out. To your specific question, so Bakken, what’s going to happen with Bakken, we have 6 rigs this year in Bakken and we’ll have 6 rigs next year, and then we go down to the 4 rigs that we had talked about in 2021 and generate that $1 billion of free cash flow. So, the activity level is the same from that standpoint, so we’re not expecting any big increases there in the Bakken. And obviously, as we talked about, we’ve been getting some nice efficiencies there. Guyana, yes. That’s as we’re coming in at $2.8 billion this year, that’s what we had expected per the Investor Day that there would be some increase in Guyana. And that will be the add in and we’re perfectly comfortable with that exactly, as John Hess just laid out, and the timing of that with Phase 2 coming on in mid-2022. So, everything is going along according to plan. Bakken is executing well at 200,000 barrels a day. We’re a quarter closer to starting up in Guyana. And so, you can expect that type of guidance when we get to 2020.
John Rielly: Sure. So just starting with the overlifts, so you can probably tell by our tax line that one of the big overlifts was in Libya, so overall, we had about, let me just call it, 200,000 barrels a day in Libya, we had 200,000 barrels a day in Denmark and we also had a 200,000 barrel a day overlift with JDA, offset by North Malay Basin being under 200,000 barrels. So, what happened is just from an overall earning standpoint it was immaterial, since Libya and Denmark driving that overlift. So, nothing material there. Then as far as we’re looking on, yes, with our program that we have going forward, we do intend to put hedges on for 2020. We just think it’s a prudent thing to do, as we just discussed or John Hess just discussed, the oil price volatility. So, it’s just something that we want to do from an insurance standpoint to make sure that we can execute this great program that we have. So, you can expect us to subject to market conditions to adding hedges for 2020.
John Hess: Yes, Bob, so we are poised to begin drilling that in the third quarter so we will spud that well in the third quarter. And that’s a tieback. If successful, that’ll be a tieback Tubular Bells.
John Hess: Well, I think, Bob, you know the Ranger 1 well was drilled on the leeward side. It was drilled in a relatively safe position from a drilling standpoint. The Ranger 2 well, we’re actually going to move to the windward side of the historic carbonate reef. So, we expect higher porosity because that’s the portion of the reef that was subjected to wave action and also rainwater, et cetera. So, we’re looking for reservoir quality there. We want to do a DST and that will help us also establish connectivity.
John Hess: Well, I think Guyana being a very low-cost development with the first ship having a breakeven Brent price of $35 a barrel and the second ship having a breakeven price of $25 a barrel, they’re going to be very well situated to fit into the world oil market. World oil market, as you know, is very much determined by demand and supply. The headwinds that we’ve had and GDP growth worldwide are obviously having an impact on demand growth, demand is still growing, but at a slower rate as GDP grows at slower rate and then how shale, how these new developments and how OPEC all intersect to keep the market balanced to have a price high enough for investment and low enough for demand growth is obviously something that’s unfolding. So, volatility is something we have to live with. And obviously, that’s why we want to build a portfolio that has a low cost per barrel. So, we have resilient returns in almost any price environment.
John Hess: So if you were looking at where we were kind of the first two quarters and you’re saying overall production, we – our oil was 52% of our production in the first quarter and was 52% in the second quarter. So I would say – are you doing – and this is overall I’m talking about.
John Hess: Overall, yes, company guidance. So for the third quarter, I would expect it to go up slightly driven by good Bakken oil production growth.
John Hess: No. We don’t see us shutting in wells there. So again, a lot of what we have is associated gas with our Bakken well. So, we wouldn’t be shutting in anything. Also you have to remember the Bakken gas stream has probably 3 times the amount of liquids in it than most other shale wells. So as a consequence in the rest of the country, we are in a pretty good position to optimize our net backs even though the natural gas price and NGL prices are down, they are still accretive to our overall net backs.
