John Hess: Thank you, Jay and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2010 was $1.154 billion, versus $341 million a year ago. Our third quarter operating results were positively impacted by higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices and sales volumes compared to the year ago quarter. This quarter's results also included an after-tax gain of $1.072 billion associated with our strategic asset trade with Shell, which closed in September as well as an after-tax charge of $347 million to write-off the West Med Block 1 concession off shore Egypt. Excluding these non-recurring items, exploration and production earned $552 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 413,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 2% below the year-ago period. Lower year-over-year production resulted primarily from natural field decline to the Ceiba Field in Equatorial Guinea and planned downtime at the Valhall field in Norway, which was partially offset by higher production from our Bakken program in North Dakota. Current net production from the Bakken is approximately 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with nine rigs working. We plan to add one additional rig in November and expect to exit this year with net production of about 20,000 barrels of oil equipment per day. Our acquisition of American Oil & Gas is progressing through the regulatory process and is expected to close by the end of the year. In September we closed on both the strategic asset trade with Shell and the acquisition of Total's interest in the Valhall and the Hod fields in Norway, which together raised our interest in these fields to 64.5% and 62.5% respectively. Also, in September we announced the acquisition of an additional 20% interest in the Tubular Bells oil and gas field in the Gulf of Mexico from BP for $40 million. Following regulatory approval Hess will have a 40% working interest and become the operator. In the United Kingdom, the sale of non-quartered, nor seen natural gas assets is now expected to close in the fourth quarter, these assets have net production of 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and year end 2009 proved reserves of 29 million barrels of oil barrel equivalent. With regard to explorations we drilled two wells on our 100% owned permit WA390P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia, resulting in two discoveries. We have now completed our 16 commitment wells on the block with 13 discoveries. We have initiated an appraisal program that will continue through the middle of next year and include additional drilling and flow testing of several wells. Commercial discussions with potential partners regarding WA309P are ongoing. In December we expect to spud exploration wells on our 40% owned BMS-22 block in Brazil, our 100% owned Tano/Cape Three Points Block in Ghana and our 80% owned North Red Sea Block One concession in Egypt. In the first quarter of 2011 we plan to drill our 100% owned semi five block in Indonesia. In terms of unconventional resources, we plan to start drilling in the EagleFord in Texas in November and in the Paris base and in France in the first quarter of 2011. Turning to marketing and refining, we reported a loss for the third quarter of $38 million. Refining margins weakened from last years third quarter, primarily due to lower gasoline and residual fuel oil crack spreads and higher fuel costs at our HOVENSA's joint venture refinery and lower gasoline crack spreads at our Port Reading, New Jersey facility. Marketing results were better than the year ago quarter, principally due improved margins in our energy marketing business. Retail gasoline volumes on a per site basis were up 1% while convenient store sales rose nearly 3%. In energy marketing natural gas sales were higher year-over-year while fuel, oil and electricity sales were lower. In conclusion we are pleased with the recent transactions that we believe strengthen our global portfolio and will contribute to our Company's future reserve and production growth. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Hess: Good question Doug and basically it's bizarre, investment program in the Bakken and now having captured larger interest in Valhall that also has incremental production over the next five years. We feel pretty good that both of those assets were underpinned a minimum of 3% production growth in oil equipment over the next five years. So, that's the way you think about our production guidance but that really is a minimum and then as you rightfully point out as the Gulf of Mexico regulatory environment gets clarified hopefully we will be able to sanction both the pony and Tubular Bells developments that would be incremental to our picture. As well as hopefully some success either in other unconventional that Greg is talking about or some of the exploratory prospects that we have longer term. So we feel we have acquired a lot of attractive growth options. Some of them will not be successful but hopefully some will. And that would be incremental to the minimum 3% production growth guidance.
John Hess: I think the best way to look at American Oil & Gas, that's incremental but on the margin. So, it's definitely supportive of that minimum 3% growth guidance.
John Hess: Yeah, thanks Arjun. I think what we want to do is we want to do the appraisal work. You need to get some critical well data during the appraisal say the key for long-term development planning and pipeline design and those kinds of things. As we said before in parallel we're actually with the commercial side, the liquefaction route, so hopefully by the middle of 2011, we'll be in a position to pick a route. We have significant part of our appraisal program done and then can make and form decision around sanction.
John Hess: Yeah, we signed a joint study agreement with PetroChina and basically it's a tight oil zone in the Daqing field. That potentially by applying Bakken-like technology you can unlock. So that's currently what we're looking at.
John Hess: Yeah, let me give you a quick update, Paul, on just where we are. So, we continue to make significant progress towards sanction of Pony, so we just signed a letter of agreement, a confidentiality agreement and a data trade agreement with the Knotty Head partners. So, the next step now is negotiate the JOA, which should be completed early next year. Obviously, the timing of the sanction is uncertain due to the permitting delays, but specifically due the Pony 3 well. We intend to get back to Pony 3 as soon as we can obtain the permit from the BOEM and we are in the process of filing all that paper work as we speak. And so, really, just for a planning assumption we're assuming that we can get back to Pony 3 sometime in the second half of 2011. Now that doesn't mean we're still not pursuing doing all the design work, the feed work, progressing the JOA, you know, with partners, all those things to move Pony forward.
John Hess: Paul, a couple of dimensions there. First, we have tradition of marketing agreements. Number one, with pipelines in the area; number two, we're putting in a way of facility which will give us a lot of flex; number three, we're working with Enbridge on this new pipeline expansion that they have. So those are the sort of the three options that we're doing that should be able to accommodate the production growth that we envision over the next five or six years.
John Hess: I think on the Paris Basin, it's still early days. We've got to drill our first well so you can see there's a commercial development there. There is existing capacity in the Basin. They have a refinery near by. And so obviously, before we enter the play, we look at those things and don't seems as a significant constraint at this point.
John Hess: Obviously, a little context about Brunei first. We are really excited about the prospectively of that block. And as we mentioned, the partnerships in the process of developing a work plan and we expect drilling on the block to begin and mid-2011.
Greg Hill: Yeah thanks Ed, this is Greg Hill. Let me talk about the EagleFord and then I'll talk a little bit broader about unconventional strategy. So yes we are building and have been building a position in the EagleFord. We have about 75,000 net acres as we speak under a contract and our plans are to begin drilling in November in the EagleFord and if we can get additional acreage we'll expand that position further. Regarding kind of broader un-conventional, as we've said before, we're really focused domestically in the U.S. in our Bakken position and the EagleFord and we have our position in the Marcellus. We continue to look for other opportunities. But we're also focused internationally and of course we have our Paris face in position of about a million acres or so with our partner Toreador and we have a – we're signed a memorandum of understanding an agreement with PetroChina to look at unconventional possibilities in that Daqing field in China.
Greg Hill: Terms of refining, specifically HOVENSA, we're disappointed with the operating performance of the facility as well as the financial performance and we are working with our partners to find ways to improve both.
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks Paul. This is Greg. Well, first of all, I mean, we were on track in the Bakken. We continue to make significant progress. We are on track to exit the year at a net record rate of about 20,000 barrels a day. As we said, we are marching our way towards 80,000 barrels a day in our existing position in the Bakken. Regarding the American Oil & Gas position, of course we have not yet acquired that. We are optimistic that that will close. But it's early days. We would like to get few wells in the ground before we issue any additional production guidance associated with that. But obviously we are excited about the acreage. Otherwise, we would have never acquired it. Just briefly on, you know, well cost are coming in at about $11 million each for a dual lateral EURs, of about a million barrels per dual and our 30-day average IP rate's are around the order of 400 to 500 barrels per day per lateral from 18 stage fracs. Well, that gives you kind of an overall update of the Bakken.
Greg Hill: Sure. While we did have several natural gas discoveries on the block, based on the technical working and working with our partners, the quantities of gas found are not sufficient to pursue a commercial development at this time. So, during the quarter, actually, late in the quarter, the partners decided to cease future exploration activities on the block again, just from the risks of some of the plays and the ability to make it commercial. And Hess has actually have now decided to relinquish a significant portion of the block. So, as a result of that decision by the partnership group, just following the GAAP Accounting Standards, we have to take an impairment in this quarter.
Greg Hill: The only thing from -- in North Red Sea, John Hess has mentioned that we will be drilling an exploration well there in the North Red Sea. And so that is coming up right now in the fourth quarter. Outside of that, nothing else.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, in the Northern Red Sea, this is Block 1 where we have an 80% working interest with the operator. It is a Cretaceous sandstone play to the tune of about 710 meters of water. It's going to take about 90 days to drill and it's an oil prospect and we're looking for oil.
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks Doug. I think, you know, our strategy is to acquire opportunities of high working interest. And as we de-risk the wells, then we make a separate decision of whether or not we are going to farm down or not. I think. In Ghana, in Semai, we are in active discussion with a number of potential partners for farming offers and I think, you know, assuming we get an acceptable view; we will probably farm down both of those wells to drill. You mentioned Australia as well. I mean, obviously, we are not going to build L&G plants in Australia. So we will likely take a partner on our 100% position in Australia as well linked to the liquefaction round.
Greg Hill: No I wouldn't say they are necessarily linked Doug. I mean some of the partners we are talking to had positions in Australia and so we are talking to about number potential cross border deals or just straight promote.
Greg Hill: We have already farmed 20% down to premier and so I think we will continue to look for partners here as well.
Greg Hill: It's early days in the EagleFord I guess what I will say is we are firmly in a condensate window and our plan is to drill six wells starting in November just to being accessing the acreage after that then we will make a decision on how to expand the ramp up after we get those initial six wells drilled.
Greg Hill: Yeah, I think on those well results that I quoted, you know, that's an average-to-date based on the results that we've seen. And I think the only change that we're seeing in the short-term is we're going to 22 stage fracs. That's our current design. The averages I quoted to you were based on 18 stage fracs. So there will be a little uplift in those as we go 22 stage.
Greg Hill: I think, you know, in terms of Tubular Bells, obviously, BP is restructuring a business globally, post-Macondo. And so, this presented us with an opportunity to increase our interest and become operator of the asset. So, we like Tubular Bells or our partner like Tubular Bells, obviously, BP likes Tubular Bells because they wanted to retain an interest in it. You know, I wouldn't say anything more than that. It's just them restructuring their portfolio.
Greg Hill: I think what we've said about Tubular Bells before is we see it in the excess of 100 million barrels and we'll provide some additional information post sanction on the volume size.
Greg Hill: Yeah, again, Evan, the Northern Red Sea block, it's a cretaceous sandstone play, that's the first well. We believe it's an oil, it will be an oil prospect and the prospect size is on the order of 100 to 200 million barrels. The second oil a bit dependent on the first well, we do plan drill the second well but the location to that well will depends on what happens with the first well.
Greg Hill: I think you shouldn't assume that is a general rule. It depends on the well; it depends on the packing column and promotional risk profile of the well. Sometimes we'll pay cash in the form of a promote and or international swap and so it depends well by well.
Greg Hill: Paul, the American Oil & Gas will be incremental. We've planned to develop that with the 3 rig program. So, we will be up to the 13 rig program. So, we won't dial back in.
Greg Hill: Yeah, so I think Paul I think it's real all related, figure out what American Oil & Gas is going to provide or whether it's you can scale it or whatever. So let's get if you will down and we will provide that formal update on that what's going to deliver for us.
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks again. What we can say at this point is that sometime in 2011, because we will start drilling our first wells in early 2011 and we'll have, certainly have some indication of the commerciality of the play in 2011.
Greg Hill: Ed, it's too early. You know, we need to get a few wells in the ground and complete our joint study with PetroChina before we can give any kind of estimates for that.
Greg Hill: Yeah, the same. I mean, we don't even have a well in the ground yet. So, let's wait till we get some wells in the ground.
Greg Hill: Yeah, I wouldn't make the assumption that we will necessarily have equity in the LNG plant. It could be a tariffing arrangement or whatever, so that is all part of the commercial mix.
Greg Hill: When you talk about Ghana, since you mentioned both, so in Ghana, it is a large block, we see multiple play types on the block, both structural and stratigraphic. Therefore, I think the outcome of one well will not be conclusive for the block or you can assume it will probably be drilled at least one more well on Ghana. Regarding Brazil, I think we just have to see the result of the well and then figure out where we go from there.
John Rielly: Yes. So, basically, you've got to a mix when you're looking at Europe, between UK, Norway and Denmark. Pretty much, the majority of our production is coming out of the UK and that is being sold at spot prices. In Norway and Denmark, there you have contractual terms to it. It does have some linkage then to the oil markets.
John Rielly: No, Paul. I think you said it. I mean, we're still in the process of going through all that now and looking at the program for next year and so we will update the guidance in our January call.
John Rielly: Yes. Given the results to-date and actually somewhat later than expected timing of the closing of our UK North Sea natural gas asset sale, we will be at the upper end of our range.
John Rielly: Sure, Mark. It was a 2.1 million barrel overlifts in the quarter. It was primarily EG to about 1.1 million barrels. And then the UK and Gabon, both at around 500,000.
John Rielly: Let's just first talk about for the year. We actually, still are in a underlift position of 1.2 million barrels in the year. So, we had some significant underlifts in the first and second quarter. But some of that again was just the catch up. So, I am again looking at the inventories, I think we are fairly balanced at this point right now.
John Rielly: No. I would not assume any. Obviously, the scheduling, the timing at quarter end, things can change. But I would not assume anything in there.
