Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So as we mentioned, we do have the turnaround at Tioga gas plant. It’s going to be about 45 days. And we’re going to turn it around and also tie in the gas plant expansion as we mentioned. Now that’s not going to have much impact, if any on oil. It’s going to be primarily gas. And the net effect of that is about 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. If I turned it…
Greg Hill: Thanks, Doug. And then if I turned to the Gulf of Mexico, we have two major shutdowns in the second quarter, one at Conger and one at Llano, both of which are down for 30 days. We also have Penn State down for about eight days in the second quarter. So the net impact of that on the quarter is about 13,000 barrels a day.
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks Doug. I think, as we’ve spoken before, you’re right, I mean Hammerhead has been passed off to the development team that notionally right now is about 140,000 barrels of oil capacity, kind of vessel. And then as you mentioned, all of the appraisal activities that are ongoing really what I call on the eastern seaboard between Turbot and Liza are really trying to understand, how many vessels will it take to evacuate all of that oil, which is substantial along that eastern seaboard. So clearly, vessel 5 is going to be in that area and probably several vessels after that, but we’re trying to figure all that out. How many vessels will it take? And obviously, the fifth vessel will be a large one. It’ll be in the 220,000 class, like the others are. But specific timing of the number of vessels and timing of the ones after five, that’s really what we’re working on. And that’s kind of the heavy lift for this year, Doug, to really understand that.
Greg Hill: No. I think the absolute grand majority of that was all new discoveries. So it’s just continuing to add to this extraordinary success rate, five in 2019 and already another one in 2020 with more to come.
Greg Hill: Yes. So let me start with cost first. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, I’m really proud of the team and their ability to drive costs down with lean manufacturing. So if you think about our journey in 2019, we started at $7.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, $7.3 million in Q1, $7 million in Q2, $6.7 million in Q3, and $6.5 million in Q4. So that’s an amazing cost reduction over 12 months driven primarily by lean manufacturing, but also technology. And then as we look forward to next year, obviously that flattens out a bit part of lean manufacturing. But we still think we’ll be at $6 million by the end of the year. The biggest driver on that is going to be, again, technology and lean. But we also are seeing some softness in the sand costs and also pressure pumping. So we built some of that into our cost estimates for next year. Regarding the productivity, really a function of where we’re drilling, but also the plug-and-perf coming in very well. So on average, our IP180 are up 15%, but if you look at certain areas of the field, particularly, in the southern part of the field, we’ve outperformed that 15% in those areas and those are very good prolific areas of the Bakken. And as we look forward to our 2020 program, again, it’s 175 wells be very similar, EURs kind of in the 1 to 1.2 range, IP180s in the 1.10 to 1.20 range. And the IRR is at 60%, well above 75%. So again, a very strong program in 2020.
Greg Hill: Yes. I think it’s a balance as you said. So we’re pretty confident that we can hold it flat at the 200,000 range for at least five years and probably longer. And as you mentioned, as technology improvements to continue to occur, as costs potentially continue to come down, obviously that plateau be extended even longer. And I will mention that in our Tier 2 acreage, we are doing a lot of trials on proppant loading, on number of entry points on spacing. So we are not – we’re not decided yet in some of those areas exactly what that’s going to be. So the assumption going forward is none of that’s built-in. So I’m very optimistic that that will get much better as we go forward as we learn in those areas.
Greg Hill: Well, again, there are separate systems, right? So you can – the gas is separated on the pad from the oil and it goes through a separate system. So you can still produce the oil, but obviously that gas goes through the plant, so that’s where the impacts going to be. So we’ll do some local flaring on the pads and some flaring at the gas plant as well during that 45 day shutdown. But the oil will largely stay on.
Greg Hill: Yes. Yes, there will be some restrictions that we’ll have to deal with. But of course, you can get some dispensation for things like turnarounds, et cetera.
Greg Hill: And then, as we did mention, going forward, you can expect about $150 million to $200 million of CapEx per annum for infill and tie-back wells. And this is our objective in the short-term to medium-term to maintain the Gulf at about 65,000 barrels a day. And we’ve been very successful doing that. If you look at Conger-10, that was about 6,000 barrels a day. Penn State-6, about 14,000 barrels a day, Llano-5, about 8,000 and Esox is anticipated to be a very good well. We see four to six more things that we’d like to drill in the next couple of years and our expectation of keeping those hubs full. Then beyond that, of course it’ll be greenfield. So we’ll drill a greenfield expiration well probably one a year on average over the next several years. Again, trying to maintain that production or potentially even growing it with the new hub.
Greg Hill: I think you probably miss the – you probably missed the start of the call where we kind of went through the shutdowns. Again, Tioga Gas Plant down 45 days and then a heavy maintenance buried in the Gulf of Mexico where we have two of our big assets down 30 days in the second quarter. So that’s really kind of what reduced our normal capacity of our production with those two shutdowns.
Greg Hill: No. I think you’re referring to the Kaieteur Block, which is outboard of Stabroek, which we have a 15% interest in Exxon, the operator. See very similar play types that exist on the Liza block around the Stabroek Block. And in fact, we’ll split our first well a well called Tanager this year on that block, so stay tuned.
Greg Hill: So for Hess Midstream now, it’s not an MLP and all the assets in North Dakota have been acquired by the Midstream, because we completed that transaction in the fourth quarter. So they now have all the gathering facility there and the Tioga Gas Plant. So from the old dropdown model that won’t be happening going forward. So what you do have here is this growth that we have. So in the Bakken, obviously, we’re going from 180,000 to 200,000 barrels a day, they’re going to pick up that growth, the Hess Midstream picking up that. Then as you know, the flaring regulations get tighter and tighter as we move on in North Dakota. And so what Hess Midstream is doing now is they’ve completed the LM4 plant and so picked up additional gas processing capacity there. We’re doing the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. And so that’s going up to 400 million cubic feet a day and it is looking to pick up third-party business as these flaring regulations get tighter and tighter and we are in a good infrastructure position in a good position to pick up that. So there’s a lot of growth going from there and they’ll look for other opportunities up there in North Dakota.
Greg Hill: No. I think, Brian, the current strategy, which we agree with is, the design one, build many, because you can get such leverage of learnings as you go from vessel one to two to three, right? Now, what is likely going to happen is the timeframe between those vessels will begin to collapse. So from a cadence of maybe one a year, maybe becomes every nine months or potentially even every six months, as you get out in time. That’s what those synergies will do for you. So that’s what we really see. We don’t really see doubling or tripling up because that’s very inefficient. But rather design one, build many that continue to collapse the timeframe based on efficiencies.
John Rielly: And then, Doug, as far as our capital program is, as we laid out on our Investor Day, we had $3 billion this year. We do have, if you see from the Investor Day, a little bit more next year as we move on with these developments. And then as we’ve talked about as an approximate $3 billion, and right now there’s no change to that number. We’ve got a nice cadence going to Exxon, as an aside, has been doing a fantastic job on the execution of Phase 1. And now Phase 2 is the execution is going along well. And so it’s – they’re doing a great job for Guyana and for the partners. So what we’re seeing from our capital program is that, that $3 billion is a good number right now. As Greg said, we’re unsure of FPSOs beyond the five and we’ll see that. But again, that will be much later in the profile of our timing of free cash flow, because as you remember, once Phase 2 comes on, it’s a big inflection point for us from a free cash flow standpoint. So any FPSOs would be at six, seven or something beyond that. We’ll be in a good period for us when we’re generating a lot of free cash flow.
John Rielly: Sure, Roger, and only do the second one first, it’s quick to debt. That went up was related to Midstream and the completion of the transaction that we spoke about, the acquisition of Hess Infrastructure Partners and the conversion to the Up-C that was the debt. So it’s just purely Midstream debt. That is non-recourse to Hess. As far as the hedging, Roger, the price we have that, from our Investor Day there, with Bakken getting up to 200,000 barrels a day and bringing on Phase 2. So what we do is, we look at it year-by-year and we put these hedges on for insurance just to ensure that we can fund that investment program because of the returns of that program will drive for us. So we’re getting closer and closer. Phase 2, right, is mid-2022. We just want to finish this Guyana program, executed, continue to execute that. And as Greg say, continue to execute our six rig program, which will drop the four rigs the following year. And so we just put hedges on for insurance purposes and hopefully we don’t use them.
John Rielly: It did come in for the quarter, very small amount. Again, we just went out with an approximately $850 million, came in at $876 million. As Greg mentioned, with the Bakken, we did get a little bit more completions in Bakken. And so a little bit is in the Bakken, a little bit of it is an acceleration in Guyana, and the rest of it is kind of just through the portfolio, really small numbers. Again, we were just given approximate amounts. So there’s no implication on that going forward. We had the $3 billion capital that we set. We are going up approximately $300 million in Guyana next year versus 2019. And again, we laid that out for the continuation of Phase 1, $400 million for Phase 2, and then the rest of it for Phase 3 and future developments.
John Rielly: So the cadence can move around a little bit from that on how they get allocated. But here there’s a general rule of thumb, it will be 1 million barrels each lift. And for us, as you heard, Greg gave the guidance on Guyana, that it’s 25,000 barrels a day for the year. If you multiply that by 365, you’re getting just about 9 million, little over 9 million barrels. So we expect just from a forecast standpoint to have nine lifts this year. I can’t exactly be specific, which quarters that we come in our first lift, you’re right, is expected in early March.
John Rielly: That is correct. Quarter-by-quarter, you could get some under over lifts, but right. For the full year, it – the sales should approximate the production amount.
John Rielly: It does include that. It’s just part of the normal production sharing contract that cost recovery barrels are included as part of our production and the partners production.
John Rielly: I could walk you maybe through a little bit more detail after the call, but the contract that is out there that you can see, but the way it basically works is on the revenue, then 75% of the revenue goes for cost recovery for the contractors. So that’s how you can factor in. Then you go into profit share after that.
John Rielly: I just want to make sure that we are on the same page with the numbers. So in our release that we went out for 2020, the Gulf of Mexico capital will be approximately $135 million for this year. That’s we’re spending from a production aspect of it. Last year we did have a higher amount, it was approximately $290 million. And that is because we were running full year, we had two rigs running for Stampede, which will be coming off contract here basically in the second quarter. So there’s lower Gulf of Mexico spend. And so as you know, we will be tying in Esox, which again helps and keeps us at that 65,000 barrels a day, that we’ve talked about.
John Rielly: So let’s – so you have $1.730 billion, you’re saying in the U.S. right? So you have $1.730 billion back out the Bakken, which is $1.375 billion, right, in production. And you’re going to back out $1.35 billion for the Gulf of Mexico, right. So then the rest of that amount is in exploration. That can be wells being drilled or seismic being spent. So that approximate $200 million that you have left relates to exploration.
John Rielly: Okay. So first on the hedges, it is pretax and post-tax. So that will be the same amount, because we have a valuation allowance against our net operating losses in the U.S. So that will be the same number. In Guyana, we do pay taxes. It’s in the entitlement of our contract. So the taxes are embedded in our entitlement, effectively reducing our entitlement. And therefore, what we do then with our entitlement for financial reporting purposes is disaggregate that, and then show the tax and gross it up from relating to that. I can walk you through that more after the call, but that is how we are doing it.
John Rielly: We booked a minor amount for the wells that we were drilled here. Again, rule of thumbs, Paul probably we’ve got a third of the reserves on the books right now for Phase 1. And then as we get the dynamic data, see how the injection goes, we’ll begin to pick up additional reserves.
John Rielly: No, I would say right now stick with our guidance that it’s going to be timed with Phase 2 coming online. Again that is the big inflection point for us from a free cash flow and earnings standpoint.
John Rielly: Sure. I mean, we do look at it, Paul, year-to-year and make our decisions on our hedging requirements. And right now, obviously with the investment still going in for Guyana until we get to that Phase 2, we wanted to put a significant amount insurance on to ensure we fund that. As we move forward and we get to more free cash flow, we’ll still be, obviously have a heavy oil portion in our portfolio. We’ll make those decisions year-to-year and we could make some different decisions at that point in time.
John Hess: Yes. Most of the news that you hear is not from reliable sources, neither the current government or opposition government. I think they both have been pretty clear that they’re going to honor the PSC. So I think that’s the real takeaway you should have.
John Hess: Yes. And just to embellish on that. It’s really a phased approach to be capital efficient. ExxonMobil has done a great job of optimizing the development, lowering the costs, the learnings from ship one, help us in ship two and that will continue in ship three. So we’re really looking at a phased approach, but as Greg said, maybe with more compression of the timeframe. I just want to remind everyone, the 8 billion barrels of oil equivalent we talked about, we’ve had 16 successes. So it’s basically a 500 million per discovery. And that’s world-class and it’s got very low cost, very high returns. And ExxonMobil is doing a great job moving the project forward.
John Hess: Thank you, Paul. Obviously, ESG sustainability is core value for the company. We’ve been doing a sustainability report for 22 years. We’re honored and proud to be an industry leader. We want to make sure we continue that leadership role. As we look at our flaring, let’s say in the Bakken, we’re ahead of the state limits and we have a program in place to continue that. And we’re looking at updating our sustainability efforts in terms of the environment. And we’ll be coming out with some new targets within the year for the next five years. So that’s a work in progress. But we always want to stay ahead of the regulations. And in terms of Guyana, the gas is basically reinjected. Again, ExxonMobil does a great job, minimizing the flaring in startup, et cetera. But the majority of gas is reinjected, so there’s really not an issue there. And one of the things we’re going to be looking at in Guyana is how can we help the country going forward in social responsibility, which is something that’s very important to our company and our board and every employee.
