John Hess: Yeah, so let me just kind of breakdown the - there is a total of about $660 million being spent in the Bakken next year. About $50 million of that is for non-operative participations in some wells that we are expecting this year. So that leaves about $610 million for I will call it Bakken operated and if you look at that $610 million and break it down, the bulk is drilling in completion. So about $465 million is for drilling and completion at all the related facilities associated with that. There is about $95 million also in that category but that is money spend in 2017 for future years, so that’s the ducts that get carried into 2018 and also the pads that we'll construct in 2017 or early 2018. And then there is about $50 million left for major maintenance and some field upgrades more statistical that we put in the budget. Hopefully that’s helpful.
John Hess: Yeah you bet, I mean most of that - almost all had downtimes in the second quarter and about 13,000 barrels a day down first quarter versus second quarter or second quarter versus first quarter associated with those major shutdowns offshore. About 5,000 of asset Llano [ph] in the Gulf, about 6000 is Equatorial Guinea and couple of thousand barrels a day at Conger also in the Gulf of Mexico. So that’s a majority of it.
John Hess: Very fair question Doug, as we pointed out after the Liza 3 well, we confirmed and partners did as well that we were in excess of a billion barrels of oil I think it is very important to note when asked Liza deep will be accretive to the number, Payara will be accretive to the number. [indiscernible] and potentially Liza 4 will be accretive to the number, so to give specificity at this point in time would just be too early. We got to finish the appraisal that we are underway but there is upside to the numbers that we gave guidance on last quarter.
John Hess: Yeah, I think in 2017, we anticipate seeing some pressure in the onshore, commodity based chemicals and potentially as well. But we are pretty confident, you are exactly right, we are pretty confident that we can hold our well cost flat in the Bakken on 50 stage completion in the core at kind of that at $4.8 million average number that we had in 2016. The way we are going to offset increases I mean in sand, commodity base, chemicals, those kind of things is basically by continuing to apply our lean manufacturing capability which we have consistently as you know have been able to pull a $100,000 to $200,000 a quarter out of the well cost. And there is still a bit more room left for that improvement as well.
John Hess: And Brian your question about our position in the Bakken and how we feel about it and potentially, expanding our shale footprint in the US. In terms of the Bakken obviously improvements Greg and his team have made in the lean manufacturing, improving productivity, advancing application and technology, obviously everything governed my lean. We are very pleased with the investment opportunity; we have there, the increasing ultimate resource count that we have that reflects the increasing IPs. In terms of expanding our shale footprint, we are always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio in the normal course of business, however given our robust portfolio of captured growth opportunities with excellent return, starting with the Bakken, but also the low-risk high return inflow opportunities that we have in our offshore hubs and now Guinea outright acquisitions are low on our priority business. 
John Hess: No Ed, we'll share that when we take FID and so we'll give - during sanction [ph] you'll get a lot more color on cost and volume and production rates and all that. That will most likely be around midyear as when we take FID on Liza Phase 1.
John Hess: No, I think a couple points. You bet, yeah it is early days I think let me be clear. Payara is separate and distinct from Liza. So it is ten miles away and having said that the reservoir quality was outstanding, [indiscernible] permeability and same kind of porosity that we saw in Liza. So we are very pleased with the initial results on Payara but we are going to have to do further appraisal to determine the ultimate size of the Payara discovery, the area will extend.
John Hess: Yeah, so I think the only thing we can say with certainty at this point is you know the Bakken will - we are investing a lot in 2017 in the Bakken. You begin to really see production increase in 2018 in the Bakken. Obviously the second major catalyst in 2018 is Stampede. Beyond that we really can't be specific on an activities there because as we said it is going to depend upon oil price, I think the other thing it will happen in 2018 is as you'll have a four year North Malay Basin because of course you’re only getting a partial year this year. So there is a lot of production catalyst upsides in 2018 and you begin to see that in the back half of this year. Our low point as we said is the second quarter but then by in the third and the fourth quarter you really start to ramp and as I said in my opening remark, if you look at the first quarter versus the last quarter, the delta on production if you just take the midpoint, the range is above 40,000 barrels a day. So we really start to surge in the last half of the year.
John Hess: Yeah, so I think for the first half of the year we'll be adding kind of a rig a quarter and then for the back half of the year, the rigs will probably come in the fourth quarter and that just has to do with the scheduling of the wells, getting the pads ready, all of that sort of thing. Now, there is potential to accelerate those rigs. Maybe another rig comes in the third quarter rather than two in the fourth quarter. We're looking at all of that. But for us, the limiting factor for us is we want to bring these wells on safely. And the cadence for us seems to be that we can bring a rig on about one a quarter and confidently say that we can do that safely and efficiently. So, those are our two drivers, safety and efficiency in terms of how fast we can ramp those rigs.
John Hess: Yeah, it was, Doug. And as we've spoken about before, during the downturn we tried to preserve a lot of capability in the Bakken, particularly on the contracting side, so that we can enable a smoother transition as you ramp back up. So, we're reasonably confident that in 2017 we can manage that very efficiently, which is why we set our 50-stage fracs in the core. We believe we can hold the costs at that kind of $4.8 million number that we achieved in 2016.
John Hess: No, I think you're absolutely right. It's a competitive world out there for oil resources and obviously the two years of a ‘lower for longer’ price environment has challenged for everyone. Having said that, we think our company is extremely well positioned. And what's going to guide us, Doug, is value, allocating capital, the highest returns and we continue to look at shale opportunities in the United States. You're right to point out that that's a very crowded market and big question mark on returns going forward because of some of the prices being paid. Where we're actually seeing better opportunities to invest our capital is in the offshore that is much less competitive and we're getting very, very attractive opportunities that will fit our cash flow profile but also give us opportunities to make significant value for our shareholders going forward. So, obviously led by Guyana but the opportunities we have in the Guyana’s basin, I think, has legs. There are some other offshore opportunities we see there. So, we're going to be driven by value and in the long run we believe that strategy is the one that will reward our shareholders the most.
John Hess: Yeah, there will be three wells that actually get drilled. Only one will come on this year. So, the other two will come on next year.
John Hess: Yeah, I think that's a good - I think that's a good estimate, so kind of flattish. In the meantime, we do have a shutdown in Valhall associated with that Ekofisk in the third quarter, but that's fairly minor in the big scheme of things. So, again, we guided 25 to 30 for Valhall this year, which is relatively flat where it was last year.
John Hess: It's actually both at the end of the day. We said as prices approach 60 and really have a firm five in the price and we feel pretty good about that. We would be comfortable starting to accelerate our Bakken program and obviously with a great work that Greg and his team have done about lowering costs, increasing stage counts, increasing productivity. When you add it all up, it's about allocating capital the highest returns and we saw some very good returns there.
John Hess: Well, actually, so our plans, our capital plans - fair question. Our capital plans for the Bakken anticipate that asset generating free cash and growing as well and obviously that free cash is going to be a function of what the oil prices, but our plans aren't just to invest all the cash to grow production. It's also to make sure that we start getting some cash back from that asset and that's an integral part of how we thought about allocating the capital.
John Hess: I think the key thing there is we just have more appraisal to do, but we think it will be a significant resource in and of itself, how big it is, more appraisals necessary.
John Hess: Absolutely, but more appraisals necessary to find out what the resource size is going to be and so, let's wait for that appraisal before we can be more definitive about what the number is, but we do think Payara itself will be significant.
John Hess: Yeah, now fair enough portfolio optimization, as I said before, is something we look at every day and is in the normal course of business. So we're always looking to optimize that and go where the value is and go where the returns are. Having said that, outright acquisitions are low on the priority list because what we have captured in our portfolio both short cycle and long cycle already offers very attractive returns to our shareholders. And in terms of Guyana, it offers such attractive returns that that is not looking at something that we would sell down. But as I said in our overall portfolio we're always looking to optimize and as opportunities present themselves we’ll consider them.
John Hess: Oh, now I understand, now I understand in the fourth quarter number. So, we would be moving up considerably here. I'd say it's going to go up approximately almost close to 14%, I'd say, between the first quarter and the fourth quarter on the oil. So, you're going to see that jump clearly above in the range of 210,000 barrels a day plus in the fourth quarter for the oil in that number.
Gregory Hill: Doug, it is just too early to say on Tubular Bells and that’s because we are basically increasing the chokes and not only that the well that was worked over and they came on in December 31, but also the new well they came on late December as well, so we are just in the early stages of ramping Tubular Bells back up I want to get it stable, we are also getting wider injection stables, I really want to see kind of the well results from that before I be specific on that, so potentially maybe we could provide an update once we get stable.
Gregory Hill: We aren’t going to give that and again Doug, I am not trying to be evasive, I just really want to see these wells ramp up and see what they are at.
Gregory Hill: So if oil prices come in higher you know what we are doing with the rig ramp in Bakken, we have always said that first call in cash will be the Bakken. So we will continue to look and accelerate how we will bring the rigs in and so that’s what we would be thinking about at this point. So the first call would go to the Bakken.
Gregory Hill: That’s under discussion with the operator Doug, obviously after we take out FID, we want third drilling development wells at some point.
Gregory Hill: Well, let me talk about the completions in the Bakken first, as we said in our opening remark, we are doing a couple of pilots this year. And so in the core of the core which is where we have been focused, where we have that very tight, nine in eight spacing we demonstrated that the best way to optimize value in that core of the core is by using Sliding Sleeve Technology and then steadily increasing the stage counts, which effectively kind of increases the pro-well proppant loading that gives you a nice uniform frac all the way down the well bore and as you know we have worked with our supplier to continue to engineer more and more sliding sleeves in the 10,000 foot lateral. Now we believe that we could be approaching a technical limit on the number of sleeves somewhere between 60 and 70. That’s just given the tight tolerance as between all the ball sizes. So given that we may be approaching that maximum stage count with a sliding sleeve system, we now want to push the technical limits on the per stage proppant loading. So given our tight nine in eight spacing which is only about 500 feet between the wells, we are going to pilot those higher loading to find out where the optimum point might be to further increase value while not causing significant well to well interference. So when we know what is with the proppant loading that we have, we haven’t seen any significant well to well interference so that says you can probably get more proppant in the well and still be okay. So we are going to test the limits of that this year and see exactly how much that is. And so certainly on the sliding sleeve system, in terms of your question on where we are on technology, I think again as we approach 70 stages and got a lot number I think we are start to reach the technical limit there and next things will be proppant loading for us in the core of the core. But again that sliding sleeve system because it is so inexpensive and so efficient to install it is the highest optimum completion technique in the core of the core. As you move outside the core which we will being testing that an in the later years 2018, 2019, data seems to indicate that maybe slickwater completions or even higher proppant loadings with plug and perf maybe the answer out there and that’s purely because there is a lot natural fracturing when you get out of core of the cores. So you are going to need more sand and more energy in the reservoir to connect all those fracture to that. So that’s kind of where I see it going.
Gregory Hill: Yeah, so, Paul, the early production system, the reason the production is down slightly this year is because of well. So, we lost the well and that early production system is going to go, remember that, that goes away. So, it doesn't make any sense to re-drill a well for a very short lifespan. So, I have all the confidence in the world that the 165 is a good number. We've got a great well stock. We've drilled 13 wells already. All of those wells have come in at or better than pre-drill expectations. So, the wells are healthy. We've got a great wealth stock. We've got a large number of wells in North Malay Basin or will have, so I have a lot of confidence in the 165 number.
Gregory Hill: No, we'll give you guidance on that later in the year as we get closer. So, we still have - remember what we're trying to do this year, we're going to float out the TLP and topsides, get those landed on location. We got to get all the subsea umbilicals and flow lines done and then we'll also continue drilling. So, 2018 is a big year of installation. So, we'll give you more color as those activities progress throughout the year.
Gregory Hill: Sure. So, again the key is, as we've been talking about, we've been spending this capital on these development projects, North Malay Basin and Stampede and we're getting obviously closer to getting them both online and generating free cash. So, if you are looking from like a general guidance of where we are this year, if you were excluding basically North Malay Basin and Stampede’s capital, our operating cash flow would cover CapEx and dividends in 2017 kind of at the current strip prices that we have. So, it's - and then going forward, it's like John just said, I mean obviously prices are going to play an important role in this, but we're trying to balance our investment in growth and this generation in free cash flow and we've always said 2018 will be the big transition year for us. Now we're generating free cash flow from this North Malay Basin in Stampede and we can use that cash flow now to begin to generate into our development projects, say, in Liza and other growth projects like in Bakken. So, we will balance that continually going forward.
Gregory Hill: Yeah, I think in the fourth quarter, you're right. All the wells that we drilled are 50-stage and that was truly in the core of the core. So, the best wells that we've drilled in the Bakken that 1091 barrels of oil, kind of IP30, those were the wells we were drilling in the fourth quarter. We will stay in the core in 2017 that will be the bulk of where our drilling is. Certainly, on average because of the 50-stage fracs, the IP90s and the IP30 rates will be higher in 2017 than they were in 2016. So, the whole inventory is not going to be the 1091 kind of IP30s. That was truly some extraordinary wells. So, it'll still be - the average is going to be higher this year than it was last year. So, good upside there.
Gregory Hill: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think John and I have met with their senior management twice over the course of the year as recently as a month ago and we’re encouraged by their approach and we really look forward to working together with them to maximize value from the Valhall asset. Hess did a lot with BP and I’ll credit BP with their progress that they’ve made in the last couple of years using many of the techniques that we develop on South Arne, applying those to Valhall both lean manufacturing and some shaft drilling and well [indiscernible] techniques that we developed in the North Sea. Acre, BP is carrying on with that and we’re excited that they can even drive more improvement beyond what BP was able to achieve with our help in the last couple of years.
Gregory Hill: Now, these are all upper cretaceous, so every one of these wells has been upper cretaceous. So all of the well test, everything that we’re doing is all confined to the upper cretaceous. Even the Liza deep is upper cretaceous accumulation.
Gregory Hill: Do you mind, I just want to clarify something for the group that I gave because that was - you were specifically asking before oil. I had some liquids numbers in there, so again from an oil and liquid standpoint there will be a significant increase as you go into fourth quarter. Oil again will have a significant increase, but oil will be about 190,000 barrels a day plus in the fourth quarter and then liquids will be above that. Thank you.
