John B. Hess: Jeanine, thank you. In terms of our return of capital framework, once the lease of Phase 2 is up and producing oil, we will pay off the $500 million remaining on our term loan and we'll start to increase our base dividend. At that time, we'll also communicate our return of capital framework, not just where we want to take the dividend but also how we plan on returning our free cash flow. As a reminder, as you have said earlier, we've been consistent in saying that our cash flow compounding as it does, we intend to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders by further increasing our dividend and also accelerating share repurchases. And in terms of the dividend itself, the base dividend as our cash flow grows, we plan to have a dividend that will have a meaningful premium to the S&P 500 dividend yield.
John B. Hess: And, and as a reminder, Jeanine, Total recently announced the sale of our interests in Libya, to both Total and ConocoPhillips. And we are still awaiting final approval from the government on that sale.
John B. Hess: Yeah, no. It is a great question. We will be coming out with a framework that will be pretty clear about how we allocate capital, but also how we intend and how much we intend of our free cash flow to return. It will have some flexibility in it. But it will be very clear of our commitment to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders. By further increasing the dividend they will have their first piece in the dividend, once lease of Phase 2 is up and running and producing oil. But then we will intend as our cash flow compounds, the majority of that free cash flow go back to our shareholders by further increasing the dividend and also accelerating the share repurchases. I think the return of capital framework when we announce it will be clear and help provide clarity to the question you're asking.
John B. Hess: Yeah, some of the highest returns in the oil industry, comparing it to Shell or comparing it to offshore developments, and just going to have a breakeven cost that will be lower than Payara.
John B. Hess: Yes, Neil. And obviously, it does reflect a constructive view on the market and very consistent with our approach of protecting the downside and giving the majority of the upside to our shareholders. On the macro oil outlook, on the demand side, V-shaped recovery, temporary setback of about 1 million barrels a day globally because of Omicron, starting to see cases going down, thank God. We think we'll be back at pre-COVID global demand levels of 100 million barrels a day in the next month or so. And as the year unfolds, we see jet demand increasing as international travel increases and probably see a number of about 102 million barrels a day by the end of 2022. Supply side is different, it's a U-shape recovery, more sticky. Shale is growing but at a more tempered pace function of the rig count of about 604 U.S. rigs operating. We think that adds about 750,000 barrels a day over the year of increased oil production. Remember, U.S. production probably end up at the end of the year about 12.2 million barrels a day, that's still short of the 13 million barrels a day we had pre-COVID. So shale is on the recovery, but not at pre-COVID levels in terms of absolute U.S. oil production. OPEC sounds like they're going to stick to their 400,000 barrels a day increases each month as has been written by a number of commentators. A couple of countries are not meeting their quotas there. So again, I'd say, disciplined tempered recovery in OPEC plus, discipline tempered recovery in shale all of which adds up to global oil inventories, which had been a year and half ago, in April, $1.2 billion excess inventories globally. That's all been eaten up and now we see global oil inventories about 200 million barrels less than pre-COVID levels. So as you go through this year, with demand increasing, inventory is tight, not much spare capacity in OPEC plus, we're pretty constructive on the oil market. And really, the oil price is giving a signal that investment has to increase, which is why I referred to the World Energy Outlook earlier.  Depending upon what scenario you pick, any credible scenario from the International Energy Agency, more investment is going to be needed to grow oil and gas supply to meet global oil and gas demand. And currently, we're not investing enough as an industry to do that. So we're going to have to have the right balance of being capital disciplined, returning capital to shareholders, but at the same time grow the resource and grow the production capacity of the world. So that's the challenge that we have ahead. And I think that also really presents a constructive oil market as the year unfolds.
John B. Hess: Okay. Yes. No, we were getting some feedback. In terms of the dividend, we've done studies. We don't think the variable dividend sustains the creation of long-term value. We believe strengthening the base dividend and consistent share repurchases are a better way to go. And in terms of the timing on that, as I said, once Liza Phase 2 is up and producing, we paid the $500 million of remaining debt off from our term loan. We will increase our base dividend. We will start the process of that increase. And then as you look forward in time, further dividend increases and accelerating share repurchases will be a function of market conditions and the growth in our cash flow. So the framework for that will be very clear and I think something that will be very competitive.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Jeanine. Basically, we had tax and royalties related to our production on the Waha concessions. And these taxes and royalties were held by Hess and our other Waha partners after receiving instructions from the Libyan authorities to withhold payment. Then, just recently the authorities instructed us to make those payments so we did release it. Hess and our partners released those taxes and royalties paid during January as it was mentioned in the release and I mentioned earlier in my discussion. Going forward, this is just normal taxes and royalties related to our production. It's typically paid monthly. We expect it to be paid monthly here in 2022. So that's what I would say the go forward is. And just so you know, I mean, all those things are just normal taxes and royalties, they were all accrued, all in earnings, all in cash flow from operations during 2021.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. So as you know, right, once we start up Liza Phase 2, we are going to pay off the remaining $500 million of that term loan. Then our next maturity because we've got a liquidity position is until 2024, and it's $300 million. We do intend, as you said with our rising free cash flow to pay off that maturity in 2024, and then we don't have really another debt maturity until 2027. So we're happy when we pay off that 2024 amount with the absolute level of debt that we have. And if we -- let me just say it like $65 Brent and we run this out, we bring Payara on and obviously other FPSOs, we're going to drive our leverage down to under 1 times debt to EBITDAX. That's gross, debt to EBITDAX. So we're going to have really a strong, low leverage position, improving credit metrics, as I mentioned earlier. So we are happy with that debt level, that absolute debt level as our EBITDAX grows from there. And so there's no real benefit. We've run NPVs on doing some things with either just doing paying off the debt at this point. But right now, with our low leverage, we are very comfortable with leaving the debt levels where they're at. And then like we said, with that balance sheet, so strong at that point and the rising free cash flow from Payara, from Yellowtail, from the development we will then increase returns to shareholders, obviously, with the rising free cash is more of that free cash flow return versus will be share repurchases, but we'll also be growing our dividend over the time too as well. So I think we're in a really good position for this with Guyana coming on these low-cost development, strong balance sheet, and increasing return of capital to shareholders.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Niel. I'll start and then hand it over to John Hess. But our hedging strategy, it really is consistent with what we're doing with our past strategy. So as we continue to invest in our world-class opportunity in Guyana, we want to ensure that we have significant price protection, which we did in 2022. So just to reiterate, we have 90,000 barrels of oil per day with WTI puts at a floor of $60. And then we have 60,000 barrels a day of Brent puts at a floor of $65. Now this year, we did use high ceiling calls so we have a call at $100 for the WTI and $10 per Brent to reduce the cost of the program while retaining exposure basically to greater than $2 billion in additional cash flow in the case of higher oil prices above the hedged floor. So in addition, we haven't hedged all of our oil production and obviously, we have unhedged NGL and gas production as well that will benefit from higher prices. So when I say this is consistent with our strategy, we provide significant downside protection while also giving the majority of upside to our shareholders as we continue to invest the opportunity in Guyana.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So let me start with cash costs. So through the year, as I said and you mentioned, our unit costs will be dropping basically as Guyana Phase 2 comes online and it's lower cost. Let me just remind you where the costs are for Guyana. On Phase 1, obviously, it's a smaller boat and what we've been saying is that the cash cost per barrel there were $12. However, you did hear us mention that we're doing the production optimization work. So that 20 gross capacity is going up. So the cash cost per barrel for Phase 1 will be decreasing as that production optimization is completed. On Phase 2, the cash cost per barrel are $10 per barrel for Phase 2 when it is fully up and running. I also should mention that both of these is when we're leasing the FPSO. So Phase 2 will actually drop down to $7 to $8 post purchase of the FPSOs. But for this year around $10. So you have cash costs for Phase 2 $10 and you've got Phase 1 under $12. And what it does, along with increasing production in the Bakken is by the fourth quarter, our cash cost will drop to around $11 per barrel for the company in the fourth quarter. And then I'll pass it over to John.
John P. Rielly: Okay. So answering your last question first. Yes, that's what will be reported in our financial statements. So that's our, if you want to call it, our net cash cost on our entitlement production in Guyana. So those are those numbers. And as far as the FPSO purchases, the operator, ExxonMobil is still in discussions with SBN on the actual date of the purchases of the FPSOs. And we'll give you the specific timing of that when that is set. But having said that, as you noted, when our 2022 CAPEX release, we don't expect any purchases in 2022 or in 2023.
John P. Rielly: So again, with our growing free cash flow and obviously, our growing cash flow and our growing free cash flow, our debt metrics are going to significantly improve as -- and basically, as each FPSOs comes on. And like I said, we are targeting to be on a gross debt to EBITDAX under one, and we will achieve that as the cash flow grows. Now I can't specifically say with the rating agencies on timing. Obviously, we are investment grade with two of them, and we're below on one, but have a positive outlook with the one. So I do expect, as our cash flow improves, that we'll become investment grade and actually we'll improve from where we are today as our cash flow grows. So what we try to do from our own strategy standpoint is we want to have a strong balance sheet, obviously, to fund the growing resource base that we have and also for further return to shareholders. So from our standpoint, that will be the outcome of our strategy of having a low leverage, strong liquidity position, which you mentioned as well. And then as each FPSO comes on, it will just continue to improve and it will improve our credit metrics as well as still providing increasing cash returns to shareholders. So the portfolio is set to be in a nice spot. As John has mentioned earlier, it is kind of the inflection year, and we'll expect to grow on it from here.
John P. Rielly: David, no. So for us, we are not cash taxpayers in the U.S. We have a net operating loss carryforward. And I would -- yes, I don't see us paying cash taxes even with these high prices, let's just say, for five years and beyond. So that's where we are in the U.S. The only place that we really are paying cash taxes is in Southeast Asia, and that's -- it's a small amount in the portfolio.
John P. Rielly: No, no. The only thing you would see is in our -- when you're looking at it because I always do it ex-Libya. Libya obviously has a 93.5% tax rate. So that's the one place that we are paying cash taxes. And then the Guyana taxes are actually within the PSC. So it's in the economics and in our net entitlement so we pay them there.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So let me take your second question first Arun. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the objectives of the program this year are twofold, like they always have been. The first one being to explore for new opportunities. So that includes things in the upper Campanian, but also more penetrations in the deeper section that we saw as Fangtooth, right. And so if you look at the 12 wells that we're going to do this year, about two thirds of those wells are exploration wells, and about one third is appraisal wells. So pretty active this year on the exploration side. And again, we're going to be testing deeper zones and also shallower zones with that exploration program, and I kind of lined out that the first quarter my opening remarks as to where we're headed with that.  And then appraisal, of course, is about appraising the existing discovery so that we can figure out what that development cue is for the playout of the vessels, the up to 10 FPSOs that we've talked about. Now, if I get back to your question on Yellowtail so first of all, the Yellowtail developments, world class economics will be the largest to date on the Stabroek Block. It's as you mentioned, it's going to develop new nearly a billion barrels of oil, have a gross capacity of 250,000 barrels a day. So it's got a little bit bigger top sides and it's also got more wells. So Payara has 41 wells, whereas Yellowtail will have 51 wells. So it's just a bigger project, very large area of extent, very fantastic reservoir. So it's going to be one of the, again, the world class economics.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, sorry, took me a second to get off on mute. So Doug, as we talked before, the Gulf of Mexico remains an important cash engine and platform for growth for Hess. We have top quartile capability in both Deepwater drilling and project delivery in the Gulf. And so our objective is maintain that cash hub, sustained production and cash flow generation through both tie backs, and also selectively pursuing these high return hub glass exploration opportunities, hopefully, here on would be the first cap off the rank there. And as you said, we've been selectively rebuilding our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, acquire more than 60 lease blocks at that really low prices. And that's, again, that balance of high return tie back opportunities have class prospects, it remains a very important province for Hess, good returns in the Gulf of Mexico, and as I mentioned, we do have the capability to execute well, there. So it's a core hold for us. 
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. So let me just talk about Phase 2 first. So we'll have 19 wells available at start-up. Those are all ready to go. All the risers have been recovered. So they're hooked up into their ports now. We've got a few left to commission so we've still got some commissioning of those risers. The FPSO topside readiness is nearly complete. So Neil, what that means is we are on track for that first quarter startup as we said in our opening remarks. And if you look at Payara, again, it's still relatively early in the project, but right now we're running slightly ahead of schedule in Payara. So I would say we're firmly on track for that 2024 startup. So the project is about 66% complete as we sit here today. So we're in good shape. But again, it's early days in Payara so I think the operator having some contingency in there is wise at this point, but on track for 2024 startup.
Gregory P. Hill: So Paul, I guess the first thing I'd say is the positive results at Fangtooth which was our first standalone deep exploration prospect and remember, it's up towards lease, so it's kind of in that country. So very good oil quality, and it confirms the deeper exploration potential of the Stabroek Block. So in the coming months, we're going to complete the analysis of that well, the Fangtooth well and then plan appraisal activities to really determine the best development approach. So generally, we see these deeper zones as being developed through a combination of standalone developments and tiebacks potentially to existing FPSOs. So very encouraged, very pleased by the results we saw at Fangtooth. Also remember, we had other penetrations prior to Fangtooth into those deeper zones that confirmed the same thing, good reservoir quality and good crude properties. So very excited. That's why we're going to drill a lot more wells in kind of the deeper prospectivity this year than years past. And so watch this space, but we're encouraged by the outcome in particular about Fangtooth.
Gregory P. Hill: No, not at this point because again, we need to do some more analysis of the wells and do some more appraisal of particularly in the Fangtooth area.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So look, there were both performance additions in the Bakken plus we brought additional wells into our five-year plan due to price increase, which was 107. But then the other wells bringing in. So if you look at the Bakken, we had adds of about $209 million and then the price of about $119 million, specifically to Bakken, right? So both performance adds and also bringing additional wells into the five-year plan.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Again, Ryan, I think as we've talked before, the role of the Bakken in the portfolio is to be a cash engine. So any decisions on pace or timing of addition of the fourth rig is going to depend upon corporate cash flow needs and also returns. Now having said that, assuming prices hold at this relatively high level, we would look to add that fourth rig next year. And by doing so, we could then take the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day and with the inventory we have at four rigs, we could hold that flat at broadly that 200,000 barrels a day for almost a decade with that fourth rig. Now at 200,000 barrels a day, we really maximize utilization of the infrastructure. So that would be another objective to fill that infrastructure up and, of course, at these prices the Bakken becomes this massive cash generator. And at that 200,000 barrels a day, even at $60 to $65, it generates about $1 billion of free cash flow. So you can see the real cash firepower of the Bakken.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. So like the onshore, we're also seeing some inflation in the offshore. However, recall the majority of our offshore portfolio right now is driven by Guyana. And of course, the projects currently in development are covered by EPC contracts that were largely insulated from cost increases in the offshore -- current cost increases in the offshore plus ExxonMobil with this design one build strategy is just doing an outstanding job of delivering efficiencies across that portfolio down there as well. If you look at our -- in the Gulf of Mexico, the rig that's going to drill the Heron well, $255,000 day rate. So I think that still reflects the low cost on a relative basis of the offshore drilling.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, yes. Bob, so Payara, I think, what's different about Payara is there are three offshore installation campaigns. So yes, the project is 66% complete. But because there are three installation campaigns, you will build a little bit more contingency into that project because while you don't have hurricane issues or anything down there, you do have some current issues, offshore currents during the installation campaign. So that's why there's still contingency in Payara. We agree with the operator that that's the appropriate thing to do at this stage of the project. And so we are firmly on track for a 2024 startup. A little ahead right now, but again, it's early days.
Gregory P. Hill: No Bob, it's really kind of bespoke. Some of these horizontals are longer than other ones, for example in some of these developments. So there's not a great rule of thumb that I would say because, again, each development is very bespoke on not only the length of the horizontals, but also what reservoirs they're tapping into as well.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think again, the objectives of this year's program is A) to continue to do kind of the upper Campanion expiration, but also most importantly is to get more penetrations in the deep. So the deep penetrations that we're going to be watching closely, and these are wells that we're going to spud in the first quarter are Barreleye 1 which is a lower Campanian primary target, but it's also got some shallower things as well. And then Tarpon 1 which is another lower Campanion well plus deeper Jurassic carbonate feature that we see. And then kind of in the upper Campanion space is Lukanani-1 but it also has some objectives in the lower Campanian reservoirs. And then finally, Patwa-1 which has got some targets in the upper cretaceous reservoir. So you can see it's a mixture play types. So I wouldn't want to call one out specifically and say, "Oh, that's the most significant." They're all significant in this year's program. They're all very promising wells on seismic.
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think they're all -- they all have seismic features, right. So the primary driver down here is their seismic signature. Now obviously, as we've gotten more data in the deep, we're getting better at teasing out what that seismic is going to show us. And the additional data we pick up from these deeper wells will improve that even more kind of as we go forward.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So let's address the Bakken first. So first of all, the mix at the wellhead is constant at around 65% and will be for the next several years for us in the Bakken. And that's because we still have a lot of undeveloped well locations. Now you're right, when you get to the corporate results, it goes to 50% and that's because of increased gas capture and our third-party volumes and our pup contracts and all that, that's how you get to the 50%. So at a corporate level, broadly, you could assume that that's going to be the same mix. And you're on target for the Gulf of Mexico kind of that 65% or so mix in the Gulf.
