Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, thanks for the question, Arun. Remember now that it’s arrived in water, the first thing that we have to do is more to the seafloor. And then obviously, there’s a lot of flow lines and risers and umbilicals to get hooked up to the vessel. So, what I would say is we are firmly on track for an early 2022 start-up, and don’t think I could be more definitive than that, but early 2022 looks like very possible.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think first of all, yes, there is inflation going on. I think there’s a couple of things we have to remember. First of all, for the first three phases, which you mentioned, those are under existing EPC contracts. So, we’re basically insulated from cost increases on those EPC contracts? And then, ExxonMobil is doing an extraordinary job I think of utilizing this design one, build many strategy, to deliver efficiencies. Now, on the Yellowtail, we still don’t have the final numbers. So, once that project is sanctioned, we’ll give the market color on what the costs are. I do think it’s important to remember the nature of the PSC though. So by the time you get the Yellowtail, the efficiency of the PSC is so rapid that any cost increases rapidly get recovered. So, the impact on overall project return is not very much at all, right, because of that superefficient PSC. And the breakevens for Yellowtail, we project even with some cost increases, we’ll be in the -- firmly in the $25 to $32 barrel range. So, one of the best projects on the planet, even with some potential cost increases. Great project.
Greg Hill: Yes, Doug. So, I think based on -- again, this is just my experience being in this business 38 years. I would think that for developments of these sizes and everyone will be bespoke, so everyone will be a little bit different. But I think a range of 10% to 20% capacity for debottlenecking or capacity increases. This is a reasonable expectation. Again, everyone will be a little bit bespoke. You’ll wait and get some dynamic data to see where the bottlenecks are. But, I don’t think that’s an unreasonable expectation for future vessels. And I think the second point is, remember, these increases in capacity are typically achieved for very low investment. And obviously, with PSC, the rapid cost recovery, these are very profitable things to do.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Paul, as you said, the optimization work on Destiny is now planned for the first quarter. This was simply deferred to allow other planned maintenance and inspection work to be done concurrently, which is much more efficient. So, the operator just pushed it to get some efficiencies and completing a bunch of other work at the same time while they had the vessel down, which we fully support.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, I think there’s two pieces, Paul. So, the first piece is the gas to energy project, right? It’s going to be a slip stream of gas, if you will, 50 million to 100 million cubic feet a day pipeline to shore that is -- would supply gas in onshore power plant to generate lower cost, cleaner, more reliable energy for the benefit of the people on it. That project is in the design phase right now. And once it’s done, then we’ll share the details of the project after a sanction. Regarding the long-term gas solution, which is what I think you were referring to, there are studies out today, but it’s way out in the future, Paul. So, it’s not anything certainly we need to worry about the next five years, potentially even well beyond that, so. But, there are studies going on. Because remember, the highest value of the gas is pressure maintenance of these reservoirs significantly increase recovery. And the other unique part about the gas is it’s miscible. So, there will be an enhanced oil recovery effect as a result of putting that gas back in the reservoir. So, the highest and most beneficial use, if you will, of that gas is actually reinjection.
Greg Hill: Phillips, I mean, we are very happy with our midstream investment and GIP is two. So, the midstream continues to add what we believe is differentiated value to our E&P assets. Like you said, being able to get it up to 200,000 barrels a day, also with that maintaining the operational and marketing control, it provides takeaway optionality for us to high-value markets. And as John mentioned earlier, we’re very focused on minimizing our mission. So, it gives us the ability to increase our gas capture and drive down flaring. So, both GIP and Hess remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of Hess Midstream. So, the offerings we did, we had the secondary in Q1 and earlier this month, they were designed to increase the float, as Midstream get their liquidity up there. And the Q3 buyback actually helped Hess Midstream optimize its capital structure, getting to that 3 times leverage position. So, pro forma for these transactions, Hess Midstream, it maintains a strong credit position and it has continuing free cash flow after distributions. So, it will continue to have that low leverage and ample balance sheet capacity because with the free cash flow, we’ll continue to drive that leverage down. So, that can support future growth there on the Midstream side or incremental return of capital to its shareholders, including Hess. So basically, what we’re talking about is continuing what we’ve been doing here with Hess Midstream.
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So remember, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a cash engine. So, that’s the first thing. And as such, any decision to add rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by returns in our corporate cash flow position. Now having said that at $60 WTI, we have 2,200 future locations, which, assuming you would go up to 4 rigs over 50 rig years of inventory. Our ultimate objective is we’d like to get the Bakken back to 200,000 barrels a day. Why? Because that optimizes -- maximizes the free cash flow generation of the Bakken. We can do that by adding a fourth rig. And depending on market conditions next year, we would consider adding that fourth rig at the end of next year. And I think the other thing that’s important to remember is 4 rigs, the maximum we will run in the Bakken. That’s sort of the efficient frontier, if you will, to just take the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day, plus or minus, and then just hold it with that inventory we have for nearly a decade at 200,000 barrels a day. And at that point, depending on oil price, it generates between $750 million and $1 billion of free cash flow. So, it just becomes this massive cash annuity for a very long time. And that is the strategy. Get it up to that level and just hold that cash annuity position with our inventory as long as we can.
Greg Hill: Sorry. I was on mute for a second. Look, I think the resource estimate was a combination of a lot of things. Obviously, the big things were Whiptail-1 and Whiptail-2 and Pinktail and Cataback. So, those were the primary drivers of taking that number from the greater than 9 billion to approximately 10 billion. So, that was the majority of the change, that move. I think it’s important to also remember that in spite of that, there’s still multibillion barrels of additional upside above and beyond this 10 billion barrels already. Regarding sand quality, it’s all very good. I mean, everything we’ve discovered this year has extraordinary sand quality. As we mentioned, the Cataback well, the last well that we announced, had 102 feet of oil-bearing sand, but 243 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs. And also, Whiptail-1 was 246 feet, Whiptail-2 167 feet. So, these are very large, very high quality reservoirs in all three of those discoveries. So, there’s no issues with sand quality or reservoir quality in any of those wells.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think, what it confirms is that that entire eastern seaboard is what I like to call it from Turbot all the way to Liza and further north is just great reservoir rock. And so, part of our strategy going forward in 2022 will be to continue to build out the prospectivity that we see and continue to explore in those very high-quality upper Campanian reservoirs that I just talked about. The second objective we will have in 2022 is to get more penetrations in the deep. That’s the one with the most uncertainty now. As we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we’ll drill a well called Fangtooth that’s specifically aimed at the deep stratigraphy. And when I say deep, it’s lower Campanian, upper Santonian, which is about 3,000 feet deeper than those upper Campanion reservoirs. And then the third objective of our 2022 exploration and appraisal program is continue to appraise all these outstanding discoveries that we’ve made, right? So, appraise, explore upper Campanion, explore the deeper reservoirs. Those are our three primary objectives next year.
Greg Hill: Yes. No, that’s still under discussion with the partnership exactly what that configuration will be. And as we said, when we take final sanction, we’ll be able to share all those details as to what the final project actually looks like.
John Hess: Yes. And Doug on Yellowtail well, the FTP has been submitted to the government, and it is higher cost. I think everybody needs to realize that this FPSO is going to have capacity approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day on a gross basis. It will be our largest oil development to date in Guyana. And while its cost will be higher, the resource we are developing is significantly higher. And this development has simply outstanding financial returns, some of the best in the industry, as Greg mentioned, and a breakeven cost between $25 and $32 per barrel Brent. So, it’s outstanding economics. Yes, the costs are higher, but the resource we’re recovering is much higher, and these are some of the best economics in the industry.
John Hess: I won’t comment on that. Let’s let the FTP be approved, and then we’ll announce the official number.
John Hess: No, it won’t. That’s what I meant, Paul, is that when we take it down to do the optimization, ExxonMobil wanted to do some other work while the vessel was down. So, pulling some work forward, some maintenance work that was scheduled for later in the year, by doing that all at the same time concurrently, it’s just much more efficient. And so, they needed parts and pieces and et cetera and that’s why it got pushed to the first quarter.
John Hess: Sure. So, our strategy remains the same, and you said it, basically would get Phase 2 on line, we pay off the remaining part of the term loan. And our debt to EBITDAX will be below 2 at that point, and we’ll begin increasing returns to shareholders. What we’re going to do first with the returns is increase our dividend. We’ll start there. And then, obviously, as each FPSO comes on, we get significant -- as I mentioned earlier, another $1 billion with IR, another $1 billion with Yellowtail, will have an increasing free cash flow. We’ll still progressively increase the dividend. But when we have that free cash flow, the majority of that will go back to shareholders. And that point, we’ll be looking at opportunistic share repurchases.
John Hess: Yes. I’m going to answer it two ways. So, once we do get under 2, we are comfortable with our absolute debt levels. We have -- our liquidity is very good. We have a 300 maturity -- $300 million maturity coming in 2024. Our next maturity is into 2027. So, we’ll continue. We can pay off the maturity as they come due. And then, what will happen is because the EBITDA just increases so much with each FPSO, will drive under 1 time fairly quickly actually when these FPSOs come on line. So yes, we do want to be below 1. And look, we can do that at various commodity prices, just again due to the great returns that we have in Guyana.
John Hess: And to be clear, our objective is to maximize the value of Hess Midstream to Hess and also maximize the value of Hess Midstream to its unitholders and GIP as well.
John Hess: And to follow up on the point that Greg was making, Yellowtail has world-class economics and returns because we’re covering a lot larger resource. So, while people are talking -- focused on cost, they should be focused on the resource, which is a lot higher. Once we get the FTP, we can give granularity on that. And again, the breakeven is going to be between $25 and $32 per barrel Brent.
John Rielly: Sure. So, I mean, our hedge strategy, I mean, this is for 2022. It’s consistent with our past strategy. We look to provide significant downside protection to put -- do this while also giving the majority of upside to our shareholders. And we’re looking for that price protection as we continue to fund our world class investment opportunity in Guyana. So, with it, as I mentioned, we have the collars, 90,000 barrels of oil per day of WTI puts at a floor of $60 and the ceiling at $90 and the 60,000 barrels of oil per day Brent puts floor at $65 and the ceiling at $95. We use those high ceiling collars to reduce the cost of the program, just to be more efficient with our hedging program. But also, as you mentioned, we retain the exposure to greater than $2 billion in additional cash flow. In the case of high oil prices above those hedge floor prices. So, in addition, we have not hedged any of our natural gas, obviously, no NGL productions hedged, and we haven’t hedged all of our oil production either. So, we continue to be in a good position to be able to accrete up value with higher oil prices. But again, we’ve got that significant price protection on the downside to continue the investment.
John Rielly: No, that increase that I gave before. So, it was 500 combined Bakken and Guyana and then 200 with Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. So, 700 from our 1.9, and that includes exploration.
John Rielly: Yes, no problem. And then, obviously, I just always have to point out what Phase 2 comes on, we’re picking up that at $60 Brent, $1 billion of additional cash flow there, so. And then, Bakken, obviously, we’re going to pick up some additional cash flow as well from the higher production.
