Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks so much, Amit, and happy New Year. Look, we don't have a perfect visibility into, as you know, our OEM customers and their warehouses and how much inventory they're holding. But there's no doubt about it that across the electronics industry, and I guess, across really all industries, customers have probably gotten a little more gun shy because of supply chain challenges. At the same time, I can tell you there's robust demand. And I think if you take a market like the automotive industry, as one example, try to go out and buy a car today, it's not an easy thing. I know Craig went out and recently bought a car, and he shared with me that there was nothing to buy. And the choices that one has when one is willing and ready to go out and buy something is just not there still today. And so whether there is a mismatch of components that ultimately is creating difficulty for our end customers to ship things and that can create some challenges across their supply chain. That may very well be. But the end demand by end consumers for things like cars, for things like semiconductors, for things like high-speed data this end demand still seems relatively robust. As it relates to the channel, as you know, very well, distribution represents for us. I think this year, it was about 17 or so percent of our sales, which was a little tick up from years past, and it was 15%, 16%. And we saw very strong demand from distribution through the course of the year. And I wouldn't say that we've seen any inventory build. To the contrary, I would say that probably inventories are a little bit lighter inside distribution, reflecting the strength of the pull-through of demand. What does that mean here going into the first quarter? No doubt about it. There remains a lot of volatility. There remain a lot of supply chain challenges. But I'm sure that whatever comes along, our team is going to be very agile and nimble to jump on any opportunities to ship products like we were in the fourth quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Well, Matt, thank you very much. I mean this is a question that, as you know, is very close to my heart. I mean the simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe that our unique operating model creates a competitive advantage in the marketplace because of the agility the reactivity and the flexibility that it instills at every level of the company. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have taken this step effective January 1 of creating the three operating divisions of the company. And the purpose of this is to ensure the long-term scalability of that unique operating model, making sure that every one of our 130 general managers around the world has reports to somebody who has the bandwidth to support them in every way that we need to drive collaboration, to stimulate them to exceed beyond levels that they ever thought they could do and that is really the magic of the Amphenol operating model. When I joined the company 23 years ago, we were just some general managers reporting to our then CEO, Martin Loffler. And it was -- when we were about to reach $2 billion in sales that we created the first concept of a grouping of those general managers, again, to ensure the appropriate span of control, the appropriate attention and the stimulation of all of the value that comes from inside the company. And that group model, we eventually became seven operating groups. And as we have evolved, it became very clear that to continue fostering that unique operating model, we needed to create more operating groups, and I can't have 12 of them reporting to me, and that's why we create now this concept of the divisions. But at the end of the day, all of our jobs is to enable those 130 general managers around the world because that is ultimately what makes this company special. And why we're able to succeed in really good times and bad and in particular, in volatile times like today. In terms of inventory, I mean I think we're very proud of the work of our team and actually reducing our inventory in the fourth quarter, even with a 7% sequential increase in sales and bringing our inventory days basically to a normal level at the end of the year in a time period where there's so much supply chain chaos. And you can imagine in the first quarter that maybe days would go up with the sequential sales that we have guided. But this is a phenomenal reflection of the fact that these 130 general managers, they're not just responsible for sales. They're not just responsible for gross margin. They're responsible for the entirety of their businesses. Every line item of the P&L, every line item of the cash flow, every line item of the balance sheet, and that allows them to really perform in challenging times like today.
Adam Norwitt: I mean, look, very simply put, we remain in a once in a centric global pandemic. I know we here live in Connecticut, where we've just gone through the Omicron wave, that Omicron wave is probably going to other places around the world, including places in which we manufacture products, and it doesn't seem prudent at this point to try to get out ahead of our skis on guessing a pandemic is going to strike and could potentially impact our customers anywhere in the world. And in such an environment, we don't think it's prudent to give guidance beyond the quarter that we've given, and that includes guidance on margins, on sales by market and all the other aspects
Adam Norwitt: Well, number one, you have a memory like a steel trap as always. And #2, I think you essentially answered your question in certain ways here. Look, we organized our company not by market. And so our 130 general managers are each responsible for a certain distinct type of product across the extraordinary array of products that we see in the interconnect, as we define broadly interconnect products from connectors to value-add cable assemblies, printed circuit assemblies to sensors, to antennas and just the tens and tens and tens of thousands of different types of products that we make. And ultimately, because our general managers are responsible for manufacturing and design and quality and everything, it is really a product focus that each of them have. And as you know, we've talked for many years that one of our strategies that has been so successful is the way that we diversify the company is we design products maybe initially for a customer in a certain market. But then we work very aggressively and collaboratively across the company to proliferate that product across all markets that we can see. So an example is high-speed products. Originally high-speed products were developed for IT applications, for things like core routers and the like. But as high-speed data starts to proliferate into other areas, for example, a fighter jet. Now our team in high speed would work collaboratively with the team who is maybe more focused in the defense market to make sure that we're creating the broadest product offering for those customers.  And so what that ends up meaning is that many of our general managers work across multiple markets. Some of them are focused, some are not, depending on the type of product. And at the end of the day, the divisions that we now will report as reportable segments, they will each sell into multiple of our markets and the markets won't map to the divisions as it were. But we'll provide disclosure on what markets are in which division, but you're going to end up finding that most of our markets are serviced by all three of those divisions.
Adam Norwitt: And we're not going to change the transparency that we give to all of you with all of our end markets.
Adam Norwitt: And then, Wamsi, relative to our pricing strategy and every customer, every market, every region, every circumstance is different. Pricing is an art, it's not a science. You can bet that every one of our 130 general managers has this at the forefront of their mind. We also know that we -- there are some markets where it's easier to raise price, for example, in distribution, you just sort of announced a price list increase. And there are others where it's more challenging and where you have maybe longer-term contracts or where there's just not -- people are not accustomed to the concept. And so there's a real process of educating customers of being transparent with them and ultimately bringing them around to the understanding that what you're talking to them about is reasonable and especially that it's reasonable in light of your company's steadfast support for them, which is something where I think we stand on very solid ground. We were there for our customers through the pandemic. We were there for them when maybe others were not through the supply chain crisis. And so that -- all things being equal, should position us well to be able to ask nicely of our customers that, that would -- that they should share in that. Also our markets have a lot of different time cycles to them. Some of them are very short-cycle markets where there's really no price change. Others are longer cycle markets. To give you a percent of all where we've been able to achieve pricing, I couldn't even do it. We don't have 1 computer system that can sort of push a button and split that out. But I think we're having increasing success, Craig alluded to that as well. It's a hard job, it's a job that is ultimately the responsibility of our general managers who are best positioned to know what costs are going up and then who themselves sit in front of the customers and have those very difficult negotiations. I think we're going to continue to make good progress over the course of this year, when ultimately we fully offset it, as Craig said, is a theoretical question, that's not so easy for us to answer.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Steven. Good afternoon to you. And no disrespect at all taken. I think it's a very good question. Look, we come into every quarter in this very uncertain and relatively volatile environment and try to give you and our entire investor base the best assessment that we can give on the basis of what we're hearing from our customers and on the basis of how -- what we're seeing in the supply chain and our operations and all of that. And I think we have outperformed in industrial and IT datacom. And we were really pleasantly surprised last quarter. I mean this is a very significant outperformance that we achieved here in the fourth quarter. I think maybe a little bit less outperformance, but still very strong in the third quarter. Are we going to outperform what we've guided in the first quarter in IT datacom and industrial? I'm not going to say that right now, but you can imagine our team is a very hungry team, who really takes a real make-it-happen attitude and tries to do everything we can. And ultimately, their goal is not just to maximize revenues so that we can report higher revenues, but their goal is to make sure that we're there for our customers when they need us. And in particular, we're there for our customers when others are not there for them because we believe that these two years have really created an opportunity for us to solidify our position with customers in a way that we actually weren't able to do prior to this real crisis over these last two years.  And so whenever we hear from a customer that they need something desperately because others are not able to get it to them. That's where our 130 general managers spring into action with even more vigor and energy than they have before. And because we see that as something that's able to create a long-term platform of sustainable strength with our customers that will create dividends for many years to come. And so what does that ultimately mean here for the first quarter. We're trying to give the best guidance that we can in light of what we see today in what is still a highly uncertain environment. But there's no doubt about it that the Amphenol team is going to fight hard for every possible opportunity to deliver whatever upside is available to us.
Adam Norwitt: No. Luke, it's a great question. I think when we talk about scaling the company, we really think about that in every aspect. Most importantly, we think about making sure that we preserve, secure and evolve that unique operating culture and that we can scale the company amidst that operating culture. That's really step one. But every other aspect of what we do also needs to scale and that includes our M&A program. And I find it really interesting. Over the course of my -- coming close to quarter of a century that I've been with this company 23 years, I started in Amphenol as an M&A intern. So I've been deeply involved in our M&A program all the way back to 1998. And we have said consistently from that time that we would expect that over the long term, acquisitions would roughly represent about 1/3 of our growth -- and that's been the case when we were a less than $900 million revenue company when I joined, all the way to today when we were close to an $11 billion revenue company. And what is interesting, I've referred to these last two years through the cycle, and Craig referred to that as well, we grew by roughly 32% through that cycle, and our organic growth was just over 20% during that time, which tells you that even in a pandemic and even with the size and scale of the company as it is, we've been able to still have acquisitions represent 1/3 of the company's growth. And how do you do that? Well, the arithmetic is pretty straightforward. As the company grows, either you have to make more acquisitions of the same size or you have to make acquisitions a bigger size. And the fact is, I think we've done all of the above. And so when we look at what we have done here with the MTS acquisition, our first-ever public company. When we look at the acquisition at the end of the year of Halo, these are not insignificant sized acquisitions yet we didn't defocus ourselves from making also the really unique enabling tuck-in acquisitions, companies like Positronic and LCAP and Euromicron and CableCon and the like and unlimited services. So we will continue to make acquisitions of all sizes. Now with the new division alignment, it actually opens even further the aperture of the types of deals that we may be able to execute upon because part of what we're doing is creating the bandwidth in our leadership team such that they can devote more time to things like driving collaboration, working with key customers and also making acquisitions. And with the size of these divisions, it would make just as easy as we bring in a $50 million company with the general manager, and we say you're now just part of Amphenol, nothing changes. We can do that with a $1 billion company one day if we find the appropriate company. And so the range of acquisitions, the scale -- the range of the scale of acquisitions that we can make, I think, is really limitless. The opportunity and the resources that we have to devote to executing on those and also making sure that they're successful once we bring them in is also really expanded by this new alignment. And so we see no reason to think amidst this, what is still a very highly fragmented market that we participate in, that M&A can't continue to be a driver like it has been for already more than two decades so far.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Chris. I mean, look, simply put, I don't think it does have an impact on the multiple. I mean, I will just tell you that you take the MTS acquisition, as an example, and we announced just last quarter that we closed on the disposition of the Test & Simulation business. The net multiple that we ended up paying for 1 of the most precious assets in the industry of some of the most highest technology sensors that there is, was not a double-digit multiple when all was said and done. And I think that is a real testament to our ability to navigate a very challenging and very complex acquisition process, our first ever public company, our first ever concurrent disposition of an asset. And in the end, we get a phenomenal organization with some of the best technology in the industry, amazing people, and we do that in a first single-digit multiple. So I think that is a confirmation of the fact that big does not necessarily equal more expensive. And in terms of the integration, we are never going to relax on the very simple principles that we have always applied to acquisitions, large and small. We look for three things when we look for acquisitions. We look for great people with great products and great position. And it's that first criteria, the great people that is for us the true litmus test of whether we will or will not buy a company. And if it does not have those great people, we walk away every day of the week. And by having those great people, that means that there are people that we can rely upon, and we bring them into our organization, especially as its newly aligned and we let them go do their thing. And all we do is we open doors for them for new opportunities that can only come by being part of a company as broad as global and as strong as Amphenol. And so we think if anything else, if anything, as we have grown, as we've scaled the company, it's added momentum to really what has been a flywheel effect of our acquisition program over many years.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Joe, and I hadn't actually done the math because we don't follow so much what is production and what is not production. I mean we care about the applications that these next-generation technology applications. But no doubt about it, our team did a phenomenal job this year and in particular, did a phenomenal job in capitalizing on new applications. And I would just point to something like the electrification trend where we just had fabulous growth in electrified applications really outperforming and taking more than our fair share of the opportunities in that space. And that's always been our long-term strategy in automotive. We're not trying to take business out of the pockets of those who have it already. That's not a great approach in automotive. But rather we look for the sort of technological innovations and those new adoptions of electronics, and then we aggressively pursue those with our agile entrepreneurial team. And I think that, that's been really successful here in this year.  If I look over the course of kind of the last, call it, 13 years since I've been CEO, which really goes back to the low watermark of our automotive business. I mean we've consistently outperformed in automotive by a very significant margin, kind of year in and year out. And what does that mean in terms of a go-forward outperformance I've never put numbers on this, but we would certainly expect that our team would be able to continue to outperform overall units and what that translates into for content versus share versus new applications. I'll let you -- who is a much bigger expert in this market than me kind of sets out those numbers. But we clearly believe that we can continue to outperform.
Adam Norwitt: Jim, it's a fabulous question, and we do appreciate it. The answer is a very hard no. I mean we run 130 ERP systems around the company. Each of our general managers is responsible for their own ERP systems. Craig has a fabulous and very simple off-the-shelf consolidation software that works over the web and the fact that we now align those businesses into divisions does not change our computer system whatsoever. And yes, I mean, I think it was -- I believe, Will, who asked the question and alluded to the concept of a layer. I mean we have appointed three new presidents of these divisions, which is technically a layer but it's not a layer of bureaucracy, like you would see in many organizations. I mean in terms of the cost of doing this, it's nothing at all. I mean that's a very marginal incremental investment because the staff at this division is effectively a head of the division with the financial controller to buy his or her side. So it's -- this is not building infrastructure and building layers and bureaucracy. Far from it, it's just creating the bandwidth across our leadership team across what is now 12 group general managers in those three divisions, whereby the 130 general managers can be enabled. We can drive them. We can set aggressive goals, work with them on solving problems when they're small enough to solve and capitalize on opportunities when they're small enough and early enough to capitalize and to capture. And that's been the Amphenol style ever since I was a General Manager just reported to the CEO. And -- but as we've grown, you cannot just have 130 people reporting to one that doesn't work. You lose the benefit of being part of a broader Amphenol and then become just a holding company. And that's not what we are. We're not at all a holding company. In fact, there is a close interaction, close collaboration, synthesis across those 130 entrepreneurial general managers. We have a term for it. We call it a collaborative entrepreneur, and that's really when we say an Amphenolian that's really what we mean. So -- this is not at all creating new computer systems, new layers, new costs, rather, it's enabling and ensuring the scalability of our unique entrepreneurial structure for many, many years to come as we pass $10 billion here in sales.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think, Joe, we're -- it's hard for us to give a prognosis on what our book-to-bill is going to be. We had a very strong book-to-bill in the year. We finished with a strong book-to-bill. It's clear that our customers want to give us orders. What that book-to-bill will be going forward is actually really hard to predict.  Operator, I think if that's all of our questions. I'd like to just extend my appreciation to everybody on the phone here for spending your precious time with us I wish you all the best as you start the year, and most importantly, I just hope that all of you are able to stay safe and healthy, and we look forward to hearing from you again in just 90 days. Thanks so much, and Happy New Year again.
Craig Lampo: Yes. And we'll continue to guide by end market as we have done historically. We will not be guiding by division, but we will be giving similar to we give today, financial information, revenue income information at the segment level. And so -- but nothing will change from a guidance perspective in terms of how we talk about guidance.
Craig Lampo: Yes. Thanks, Mark. No, no doubt. I mean I just wanted to start with just saying that we really are actually proud of kind of what we achieved here and for the full year 2021 and for the fourth quarter being at 20.1% and 20% for the full year amidst a really challenging year from a cost and supply chain perspective. The team really did a, I think, outstanding job of kind of navigating that as the year really continued to progressively get worse in regards to just the underlying costs that the organization was seeing and to be able to kind of navigate that through pricing and other actions. I think that the team did a pretty outstanding job of doing that, which has ultimately resulted in the results we have today. As we look into the first quarter, kind of implied in our guidance, I know we don't per se talk about or guide to specific EBIT numbers. But our implied guidance would reflect actually some level of progress made in the first quarter in regards to pricing and other actions so that -- and where you could see that really is kind of the sequential conversion, typically on a lower revenue level, especially going from Q4 to Q1, where we have high single-digit, 10% sequential reduction in revenue, we would see typically kind of high 20s, even 30% kind of negative conversions. And in this implied guide, there's closer to kind of mid 20s sequential conversion. That's even including some negative impact from a conversion perspective related to Halo in regards to because they're around our company average, but that necessarily bring with the normal conversion level. So I think from that perspective, we are seeing some positive momentum as we move into the first quarter. And I don't think I'll talk past the first quarter at this point. Obviously, the team continues to work hard at improving the bottom line and kind of we'll see what happens with the underlying environment as well. But I am confident as we saw in 2021 that the team has done a good job, and we'll continue to do, I think, a very good job of navigating this very difficult environment.
Craig Lampo: Thanks, Wamsi. I think in regards to when our pricing actions could fully offset, I mean, this is kind of a theoretical question because it's difficult to say ultimately what's going to happen to the underlying environment. I think to assume that the underlying environment is going to stay exactly where it is today is a little bit unrealistic. So whether or not it gets better or gets worse. But I could tell you that, again, as I mentioned a minute ago that the team is doing I think a good job, and we are starting to see progress here in the first quarter. So I'm not really sure I can tell you exactly when that would be. But I would tell you that we are confident that based on some of the progress we're starting to make here in the first quarter that we're starting to make some headway on it given the current environment. But we're sitting here again in continuing pandemic, continuing into economic environment that's a bit uncertain. So for me to kind of try to predict when we're going to completely offset the current cost environment is just not something that I guess they're prepared to do.
Craig Lampo: Yes. I mean I would say that if you look at our kind of overall conversion for 2021, it was probably actually pretty close to what our target is on an organic basis. That's -- we had some benefit from some pandemic costs offset by some supply chain-related costs. And then kind of the difference that is related to our acquisitions, which did bring with them at least currently a lower operating margin, which over time, we believe that we should be able to get up to the company average. So I think that's the way to think about it. I think that again, we're very proud of the ability to really actually Adam alluded to our 2-year increase in revenue over kind of through a pandemic in the supply chain, we call crisis and of over 32%. And the reality is, actually, our EPS, our earnings actually increased by that -- roughly that same amount a little bit even higher than that slightly.  So I think that typically, we want to have a slightly higher EPS increase. And I think that given the fact that we've done a really good job of kind of offsetting some of these costs, I think, ultimately, we were able to really continue to increase our earnings over that 2-year period at a rate that's slightly under that we would have hoped from an organic perspective, but actually very, I think, respectable and very actually I'm very proud of considering all the costs that existed over the last couple of years here.
Craig Lampo: Yes. Thanks, David. Gross margin is always kind of sometimes a difficult thing to specifically look at with our business. I mean, over time, maybe it's the trending of it is more applicable. But certainly, in any quarters, it's kind of difficult just because of the -- our markets to bring them with them different gross margins and also different operating expense levels. And so that's why we really just don't look at gross margins or measure ourselves based on the gross margin level. We really look at kind of an operating margin level. I think what you kind of need to look at is ultimately that operating margin, and that's trending over time. And certainly over the last 10 years, we've had a certainly a strong performance and growth of that operating margin level, and that's kind of what you kind of need to focus on. I think 10, 20, 50 basis points, even 100 basis point movement in our gross margin isn't necessarily unexpected, given strength in maybe a mobile device market or industrial market, which brings very different gross margins or a Sensor business tends to have higher gross margins and higher SG&A. So I really just wouldn't so much focus. We do tend to get these questions quite a bit, but it's really the operating margins that ultimately, we measure ourselves on. We drive our performance on. And ultimately, I think you should probably focus more on.
