R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. Amit, thank you so much for the question. I wish the 90 days counted as visibility. Let me just say -- I mean, yes, there was a resolution yesterday, and certainly, we're cognizant of that. But this was really just a kicking of the can. And I think that our customers, in the defense market in particular, there really is no clear direction about what's going to happen with sequestration. There's no clear direction what's going to happen come January 15 or February 15 or whichever next deadline is going to appear, and I wouldn't really say that there is a healthy optimism that anything will happen, except more brinksmanship in the government. But that's beyond the scope, certainly, of this discussion. I think we have a very strong outlook, given all of this. We expect the sales in the military market to increase sequentially into the fourth quarter, and as I've said, that's largely because of, in addition to normal seasonality, the programs that we've been working on, the new programs with customers. And I think our mission is really not to guess where the government is going to go, but to continue to drive the new technologies that our customers continue to have a tremendous, tremendous requirement for.
R. Adam Norwitt: Matt, thank you very much for the question. Obviously, we spoke extensively last quarter about the mobile devices market and the various changes that we saw, and I think we're very happy to see that, in this quarter, that market actually performed a little bit better than we had expected. I think that our position and our share remains extremely strong in that market. We have a tremendous position. But as we discussed last quarter, we did see the shift towards WiFi-only devices as one of the components of a change in our guidance. And I think, going forward, that is really kind of a onetime shift, because there is now a very high proportion of those devices which are essentially WiFi-only, a very small proportion, conversely, which are being sold with 3G or LTE access. And because of that, we wouldn't expect that to be a continual drag. All that being said, it's a very dynamic market, and we've never hid the fact that, that is a market where constantly there is change. And so we're not prepared today to give guidance in that market, certainly for next year, but we continue to have a very strong position. We continue to see a lot of opportunities with customers who are designing and developing innovative new devices, where our products can create value for them. And once again, I'll just remind everybody of our strategy there, which is, very clearly, we participate in that market where we can create value for our customers and thereby, earn the return for Amphenol. We've been very successful doing that through many, many cycles, with many different leaders and many different types of products that have come out, and we're confident for the future that, that will still be the case.
R. Adam Norwitt: I would definitely tell you that if we look at orders for the quarter, and we did have a slightly negative book to bill, which we -- would not be the case in most Q3s, that, clearly, as the quarter went on, the hesitancy in certain -- in customers in certain markets, and in particular, I would say, industrial and military, which tend to be more broadly impacted by things like government spending and budget, certainly, we saw increasing levels of conservatism and hesitancy on the part of those customers as the quarter went on. How that will trend going into this month, what will be the impact of the various news items that we read about today, it's hard to say. But clearly, as that got closer, there was certainly an increased level of wariness by customers.
R. Adam Norwitt: No. I mean, look, this -- clearly, in the month of September and October, the big story in the world has been the U.S. budget discussions. There -- it doesn't mean that the rest of the world is kind of smooth sailing. So I think -- but we haven't seen anything beyond that, that's so different, except for the kind of knock-on effects around the world in terms of people not being so confident if the world's largest economy can't pass the budget.
R. Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much for the question, Mike. Look, I think we have seen many times over the course of our long-term participation in this market, that there has been a cycle of maturation, commoditization and innovation across the mobile devices market, and I would not expect that to change. The fact is, if you go back 2, 3 years ago -- say, 3 years ago, we never would have anticipated that there was even a thing called a tablet computer that would drive growth for us. What will be the next device? What will be the next innovation that comes out of our customers? Very hard to predict. Will we be positioned with those customers? That, we have a lot of confidence in. Will there be more innovations? That, as well, history has shown there are always innovations on the horizon that will come, and no doubt about it, we are working with customers on new devices around the world. It's clear that our performance this quarter was certainly impacted by change in tablets. When we look at the sequential growth that we had between the third quarter and the second quarter, in fact, a lot of that was driven by new higher-performance, higher-functionality ultrabooks. And so what will be the next thing? It's hard to predict. But again, we feel very comfortable and confident in our position to be there to enable that next-generation device to come, when it does indeed come.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, in terms of the network, I guess you're referring here to the mobile networks market and the kind of uncertainty around when that spending will come. And we work both with operators and OEMs, and they have different kinds of lead times. Sometimes, the OEMs will start to build in advance, and we saw even a little bit of that for China 3G, as OEMs start to build in anticipation, really, of awards that are coming. But the reality is, is the operators, there's a lot of factors that drives, ultimately, when they put towers up and when they install equipment. Even in North America -- I mean one thing that we have heard is one of the real bottlenecks in North America to install mobile networks is, believe it or not, availability of work crews, qualified, certified work crews to put up sufficient towers, and that has actually constrained the build-out for certain operators here in North America. I think early in the first half of the year, there was a fair amount of strength coming out of North America with the LTE build from several of the large operators. I think there will be a little bit more strength in Asia in the second half, and maybe a little bit less from North America. And I think that will balance out. But by and large, we feel that we have a great position in that market, and just to reiterate, that is a position that is both on the equipment, as well as direct with the operators on the interconnect and antenna accessories that go onto the towers. So to the extent that those build-outs happen in the traditionally unpredictable fashion that they do, we'll be very well positioned to participate.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think -- what the market ends up growing, we're one of the earliest to release our results here, and we will certainly see. But if we look back over the course of this year, we have clearly outperformed the market going forward in this year, and we have every expectation that our company continues to perform really at the leading edge of the interconnect market. I think the overall economy and the overall market and if you look at -- as it's reflected with a lot of the customers that we work with, there really has not been a tremendous amount of growth, and there doesn't appear to be a tremendous amount of growth going here into the third quarter. All that being said, we do have one of our segments, mobile devices, which is down sort of an abnormal amount this quarter. So we'll see, ultimately, where that works out. But we still feel very comfortable and confident that we continue to have, really, a strong industry-leading growth position. Where does it go long term? Sherri, I mean we're not going to give guidance right now for next year, but we continue to see tremendous growth opportunities for the company and for the industry. The expansion and, really, proliferation of electronics across all the markets that we see continues to have tremendous, tremendous potential. It really depends, obviously, what is the overall macro environment. We have been here for a couple of years in a real kind of a halting recovery, if you will, one which doesn't seem to gain real traction. And I think if that can really turn around a little bit, I believe that the opportunity for growth in the electronics, in the interconnect industry, and our opportunity within that industry has really a lot of potential going forward and for the long term. And we're very committed to continuing to have that industry leadership that we have had for so many years.
R. Adam Norwitt: Shawn, and relative to the IT, Datacom commentary, you're right. I did talk about that we've seen some moderation, especially later in the third quarter, in terms of demand outlook. And I tend to think that, that has a lot to do with the overall macro economy. I mean, I think Diana mentioned that the industrial, military and then also the IT market are markets that do tend to have some more tied industry[ph] relationship to overall economic uncertainty. And what we've seen there is really not specific necessarily to one or another customer, but more just an overall sense of a moderation, and I think that there have been a couple of earnings releases over the last 24 hours which seem to certainly confirm that, that is not a frothy environment. And I think when we look at our performance, looking backwards compared to last year, it's extremely strong performance compared -- really, on any comparable basis, and we feel that we continue to make real incremental progress in this market. And if I look back over the course of this year, we have had just strong growth performance in the IT market, I mean, on a year-to-date basis, really growing stronger than virtually anybody who has released their results in terms of OEMs. And that really comes from what I said. It is the drive of new products that are essentially enabling our customers to do battle in a very difficult environment, where they got to sell on functionality and deal with data rates which are expanding dramatically, but IT budgets which are essentially flat. And if you can enable a customer to really offer the proverbial better mousetrap at the same price, whether that is ability to process more data or ability to use less power, that can be a very, very compelling selling proposition to our customers, and that's really why we believe our position continues to strengthen there. Looking into the fourth quarter, again, I think there is just some degree of conservatism by customers in light of the more broad economic uncertainty that's there.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. Jim, thank you very much for the question. We're very pleased with this acquisition. And let me just say that we actually make a lot of cable assemblies in Amphenol, and we always have. And we have made cable assembly acquisitions. Even the one that we made earlier this year, DC Electronics, was a cable assembly -- high-performance, harsh-environment cable assemblies for the industrial market. Ionix is high-performance, harsh-environment cable assemblies for the aerospace market, and in particular, they have a very strong position in aircraft engines, but just tremendous performance capabilities in their assemblies. And we have expectations of all the companies in Amphenol, whether they make components or cable assemblies or whatever, that they have the opportunity to make the margins that we make in the company, and there's not something de facto which says that, that can be a lower margin. You referred to harnesses, and there is a whole world that is called harnessing and -- the automotive harnessing world, for example, or the big aircraft harnessing. These are the long kind of trunk harnesses, and that is not what we are getting into here. I mean, traditionally -- the implication of your question is correct, that harnessing tends to be a lower value-add and thus, ultimately, a high-material, low-margin business. That's not what we're getting into here. We're getting into cable assemblies that are high performance, harsh environment, ruggedized. They have a tremendous amount of content capability -- content opportunity for Amphenol products as well, and it is really right up our alley in Amphenol, of the strategy that we have been pursuing for a very long time, to expand the breadth of product offering that we can support customers in that important commercial aerospace market.
R. Adam Norwitt: Look, I mean, actually, what we saw in the third quarter was actually that our sales of products on the ultrabooks were really a strong driver of what was a higher-than-expected sequential growth into the third quarter. What that will be going into the fourth quarter remains to be seen. Again, it is not the easiest market to predict, but we still see continued strength in ultrabooks. And I think the broad range of products that we have really, we see, on a sequential basis, helping to drive what we don't expect to be an enormous uplift into the fourth quarter, but we do expect to see some moderate degree of growth.
R. Adam Norwitt: Gosh, I remember we made our first connector on a smart watch about 11 years ago. I remember wearing the first prototype of that. I don't know. I mean, look, we don't talk about specific devices with specific customers. Obviously, when something is super small, the opportunity for content in such a thing would be less than something that is a bit bigger and has more functionality to it. But certainty, to the extent that there's interconnect and antennas involved and that does create value inside a wearable device, I'm sure that, that could be something that would be an opportunity for Amphenol. But will that be a huge driver? I think too early to say what, ultimately, a wearable device looks like and what the architecture underlying that thing will be.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. No, this is a very nice question, Mark. I -- one would hope. But let me tell you that, ultimately, customers, when they buy cable, they certainly push for a price for that cable, and it really depends on the behavior of competition. And I think we've talked about that this year, we haven't seen the most disciplined behavior this year on the Cable Products. I think the better benefit really comes as we broaden the range of these different products, the variety of interconnect and value-add products that we have really been able to build out, together with the acquisition that we made of Holland. That gives us really higher value to those customers because we're creating higher-technology solutions for them. We're helping them to solve a lot of real challenges that come in the cable, the satellite and the telco area of TV and high-speed data delivery. Because as LTE has come out, that has created new problems, interferences and other things. As you get these new systems, you create just a lot of complexity over the type -- the standards of the different data that is really flowing into the house. And if you can help the customer solve those problems, then they're very happy to come to you. And ultimately, there is -- I believe, can be a benefit of that kitting. But it's got to be really over time, as the customers realize that the value is coming from those new high-technology interconnect products that we're presenting them with. So I think, long term, there can be a benefit. I can't say that, short term, we have seen real pricing benefit on the bulk cable, but we have certainly seen an enhancement to our margins from the generation of these higher-value, higher-margin interconnect components.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. James, thanks very much for the question. I think relative to our pipeline, we have a very strong pipeline. It is a real part of the Amphenol operating culture and the regimen that we follow to really drive acquisitions and to drive that pipeline, just as we drive the organic growth of the company. And I think that results in us being able to uncover and incubate a lot of interesting companies that may not otherwise rise to the surface to our competition. So we feel very good about the pipeline, and whether it's incrementally good over the last 6 months, I mean, that's always hard to judge. But it is a very strong pipeline. Relative to the acquisition of Molex by Koch, certainly, we congratulate the family and the management team of Molex. This is obviously a very nice resolution for all of them. Does that make a new competitor in the market for acquisitions? Molex has been an acquisitive company before. The management team was always very focused on this, and I don't think that, that necessarily creates big changes in our market. If it did change their appetite, we have been very successful over years when there were others who are out there making acquisitions without regard to price, and we still made tremendous numbers of very, very strong acquisitions. And the beauty of the interconnect market is it is a constant wellspring of innovation, just like technology is. And with that wellspring of innovation, it creates as well a wellspring of new companies that come about, new companies that you never knew of before or existing companies who have now grown and reached new levels of performance that make them, thereby, attractive as an acquisition. And I think that, that just sort of spring of acquisitions that is there, so to speak, I think that has not shown any signs, in my mind, of abating. And to the extent that there is, with Molex, a different appetite for acquisitions, I think there's going to be plenty of nice companies for all of us to buy. All that being said, I would also just bring your attention to the fact that, at Amphenol, we have such a tremendous track record. We have acquired more than 50 companies over the last decade, and we have a very unique organizational structure, a culture and a structure which is really having as its nucleus entrepreneurial general managers who run businesses. Well, if you're an entrepreneur seeking to sell your company and you want to choose, ultimately, who do you sell that to, obviously, you can just use the highest price. But I can tell you that, that's not always the only determinant. And you want to also choose a company where you can join and where what you have built as an entrepreneur can really be perpetuated, can be enhanced, can be built upon. And it's our organizational structure that creates that tremendous, tremendous welcoming environment to these entrepreneurs. And so I think that we -- even if it is a more competitive environment, yes or no, that may be, we still will have a very, very strong position as -- what I believe, as the industry's acquirer of choice.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. I think that -- nice to hear your voice again, Will, first of all. I'll tell you that timing is impossible to predict, and we never do try to predict it. We never forecast acquisitions and -- nor do we really comment about near-term acquisitions. I'll just tell you that we have a good pipeline of a wide variety of companies, and I'll kind of leave it at that. Relative to traditional products and our expansion as a company into other segments, I'll just tell you that for a long time, we have always been sensitive to where technology is moving in our industry and have made acquisitions that, at the time, may be somewhat ancillary to our core products, but really, were one of -- one and the same as a total solution. I remember, a dozen years ago or more, when we made our first acquisition into antennas. And antennas, at the time, certainly had a different word for it than connector, but we viewed an antenna as really an extension of the interconnect system. And I think there are other things that are out there that we would view, in addition, positively, as something where there is technology that is embedded in it, where it's consistent with our approach to our customers, and we would certainly not shy away from considering some of those things, so long as they fit with our financial criteria and we really view them as part of that system, that interconnect system and the relationship that we have with our customers from that technology standpoint. But again, we are always open-minded about this, and we are very, very good at executing upon that with our lean team here in the headquarters.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, I think, geographically, not surprisingly, when you have strong performance in automotive and Commercial Air, Europe was not so bad for us. I think Europe was a strong growing market for us. Because Commercial Air tends to be either Europe or North America and automotive, for us at least, tends to be more of a European business. I think that on a sequential basis, we had strong -- we had some growth in mobile devices, that tends to be more Asian-related. So I think it's not surprising, and I don't know that there's anything that's more of a regional macroeconomic trend as much as it is that the strength in the various end markets that we have tends to have some impact on those regions. In terms of the guidance, I wouldn't say anything really different from that. I think it would be largely consistent with our market guidance that I've given.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Steve. And I noticed, on my analog windup watch here, that we have really reached the top of the hour. And I'd like to extend my appreciation to all of you for joining our call this quarter, and wish you all a successful completion to 2013. And we certainly look forward to speaking to you all next year, when we talk about the fourth quarter. Thank you very much.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure. As you point out, we certainly have significant capacity, both from a cash perspective, from an availability perspective, I think over $2 billion at the end of the quarter. We also have tremendous ability to generate operating cash flow. And I think, historically, we've used about half of that operating cash flow for the acquisition program and the other half has gone back to shareholders. From a prioritization standpoint, we continue to believe that the acquisition program is the best use of that capacity, and I know, sometimes, that requires some patience relative to the use of cash on hand and that kind of thing, just to make sure that one has the ability to execute when opportunities come to pass. That being said, I think, over the last few years, we've certainly had a pretty consistent flow and balance to the use of the cash, and I think that we have fairly consistently been buying stock back for the last few years. I think that we do believe balance is important, and I think you'll continue to see us have a balanced approach in the future. I think the only caveat to that would be the case where we did have an opportunity from an acquisition standpoint to deploy more of our resources towards that. And I think for the right opportunity, we would think that, that would be the right thing to do for the company.
Diana G. Reardon: I think the sequential increase in mobile devices this year, both in Q3 and Q4 certainly, is a lot less than what one would normally expect, and less than what we've seen historically. So I think that probably would be one of the biggest factors in that comparison.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure. We actually have called out acquisition-related charges for the last few years. So we had $2 million in the fourth quarter last year and I think $2 million in -- I forget which quarter, it might have been the fourth quarter of the year before. So I think, as you probably recall, the accounting rules changed, and I'm going to get my years wrong here, but I think maybe 3, 4 years ago, such that transaction-related expenses no longer went into goodwill or the basis of the company, and they just are P&L expense now. So we did, at that point, start to break them out because they're not normal operating costs. And from an operating management perspective, these are not costs that relate to the current activity. So we've been pretty consistent breaking them out for the last few years.
Diana G. Reardon: I don't know that I would have a lot to add to what Adam just said. I think, as he said, we have a large portion of our existing business which are various types of value-added product. I mean, from our perspective, the profitability potential of a business has a lot more to do with the technology that one brings and the strength of the management team. And I think this business has excellent technology. It has a very committed and effective management team, and we're very excited to have it as part of the company. And we believe it has great potential and should perform the same as you see the rest of our company performing.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure. I think, as a company, we have a goal, and we talk about conversion margins or how much incremental income does one get on incremental sales. And the goal that the company has is to target 25% conversion margins, which would imply that, as a management team, we continue to work to increase the overall profitability of the company. As -- ROS at this point, as you've pointed out, stands at 19.7%. I think that there are a lot of things that go into that. Certainly, participation in the high-technology end of the markets that we're involved in and very strong operations management and execution of the whole team are, I would say, 2 of the most important factors. I think that certainly having a normal commodity environment or a balance between input costs and pricing dynamics is something that also is important in being able to achieve these high profitability levels. I think that the higher the profitability of the business becomes, obviously, the harder it is to get those incremental ROS levels. But this team has a great track record. We've had a very strong performance this year. I think we have good guidance going into the remainder of the year, and we're still very confident in that 25% conversion margin goal.
Diana G. Reardon: Let me just answer the last question first. I mean, no, I think that the capacity of the company from a leverage perspective certainly is very much a function of the company's ability to generate very strong operating cash flow. And so, certainly for the right opportunity, one could adjust the structure, and this would be not any sort of an issue whatsoever from an operational perspective. I think the one caveat we would put around that, I think that the investment-grade rating is something that the company feels is important, but even that being said, there's a lot of capacity within that rating. So I think for the right opportunity, as you said, certainly, that is something we would consider. From a profitability perspective, I guess, as far as we look at the fourth quarter, the conversion margins that we would see in the fourth quarter are about consistent with what they've been so far this year, kind of in that 23% kind of range. So I think that we would look, on an annual basis, to close at about 23% year-over-year conversion margins, which we feel is good performance against our 25% goal. If you're looking maybe at a -- from a net earnings perspective, the tax rate in Q4 is slightly higher than in Q3, so I don't know if that maybe somehow impacted the math. But I think from an ROS perspective, the guidance is very consistent with how we have historically performed.
