Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks very much, Amit. I mean, no doubt about it. A lot of chatter, a lot of news, you can't pick up the paper without reading about supply chains. I think for the first 22 years of my so far 23 year career, I don't recall that the front page was plastered with things about the supply chain. And now it seems to be virtually every day that you read something about it. And no question throughout the quarter, there remained just a number of real significant challenges that our team fought through and really fought through. I think when you see the results in particular growing sequentially by 6% in the quarter which was above our expectations, amidst, what I would say we are continued serious supply chain impediments, some of which even worsen throughout the quarter, whether that's availability of logistics and freight, the cost of raw materials, the availability of raw materials, even talking about things like labor shortages, which are there are pockets of that around the world as well. And so no question that those are all dynamics that our team faced and across that entrepreneurial Amphenol organization, our team just made it happen. Now in terms of inventory builds and orders moderating, I mean, we've still had strong orders in the quarter. There's no doubt about it. And even though our book-to-bill was a bit lower 1.07 compared to the second quarter, most of the reasons why our book-to-bill was lower because our sales grew into the level of the bookings. Orders were down by maybe 3% from the second quarter. But sales were up by 6% thus the slightly lower, but still robust book-to-bill. In terms of inventory, I mean, you saw for sure that our inventory was up a little bit and I think many have seen a little bit elevated inventory, which is not surprising given both our growth as a company, very significant growth, but also the very significant supply chain impediments that are out there. To the extent that our customers have more inventory. We don't always have perfect visibility into that. I will say what we do have visibility to, which is in particular in distribution, we haven't seen really abnormal levels of inventory amongst our distributor for our products. In fact, I think what we've seen is continued strong sell-through of the products into customers around the world. And knowing that our distribution business is predominantly industrial and aerospace [indiscernible] business, we've seen continued really strong demand in particular across the industrial market. What – in terms of the customers and their willingness to pull product, we talked about last quarter in the automotive market, for example, that we probably could have shipped more if customers wanted it. And I think we continue to see some instances anecdotes where customers, because they don’t have all the components that they need to make their finished product be it a car or a truck or otherwise. They in the end don’t take our product as opposed to necessarily building the inventory of our product. They just tell us not to ship it. So a lot going on, but I think at the end of the day, amidst all these challenges, the performance of the company has shown very brightly.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks so much, Steve. I mean no doubt about it. It’s been a very, very strong year and I would almost say a very strong couple of years for our team work in the IT datacom market. I mean not forgetting that last year, we grew in that market by 15%. And this year, continuing to exceed our expectations with sales in this quarter in particular are growing by 28% and 10% sequentially. So no question about it. And I think when I look into the fourth quarter, we’re coming from very elevated levels of demand. And we’re not guiding to like a catastrophic reduction. We’re talking about a modest sequential decline in the fourth quarter, which I think given the overall environment, given the overall demand from our customers and in particular customers in web service where we’ve seen just really strong growth and whether you call them cloud or web service providers and we’ve seen outstanding growth in that business over the last couple of years. And once in a while, you could have a moderation. There could even be a little bit of seasonality that could come into that. So I don’t think that this fourth quarter guide is at all a turnaround in that business. It would still by the way in the fourth quarter reflect very, very strong year-over-year growth in that IT datacom market. And in the end, I think would be a very, very strong year for that market, for our teamwork in that market.
Adam Norwitt: I would just add Wamsi to that one important principle here, pricing is an art, it’s not just you issue a price increase and off it goes. And the beauty of how we’re organized is that we’re not making those pricing decisions here at headquarters, rather we have 125 general managers around the world, and those general managers are best suited to make the right decision around pricing, because they know the strength of their own position. They know their competitive position. They know their technology position. And they also can go to a customer and say, look, I have tried everything else. And the only remaining thing I can do is raise the price to you. And then it’s a genuine, it’s a reasonable discussion. And it’s one that’s grounded in fact, and basis as opposed to in corporate policy. And I think that’s why we’ve always been maybe a little bit more successful in moderating the impacts of these, because our general managers have every tool available to them. All of the functions, all of the inputs are part of their responsibility. And thus, they’re able to go out and make it happen. And just because the cost of materials is up, or the cost of logistics is up, it does not give absolution to an Amphenol general manager for their performance, not in our company. I mean no matter what the cycle is, we have absolute standards for performance and they have to hit that and they’ll figure it out. And if that means, having those tough discussions with customers, then that’s what they’re going to do.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thanks very much, Joe. I mean, look, we always give guidance with the information at hand just as we did 90 days ago, we’re doing here today. And so I wouldn’t point to some different dynamic nor would I say that one should expect that we’re going to be by the same amount that we beat last quarter. Our team is always going to strive to maximize our results, amidst, whatever environment we’re in. And as we’ve talked at nauseam, it’s a very dynamic environment and they’re going to continue to push, till the last minute of the last hour of the last day of the year in supporting our customers and executing amidst this environment. And if that ends up that we – that that this guidance is exceeded and that will be what it will be, but right now we’re giving guidance based on what we see in the marketplace.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Will. I mean relative to our lead times, I mean, it should not be surprising that maybe we have a little bit of extra lead times now than we would have had a year ago. It is a very constrained environment. Sometimes even just getting materials in from overseas, if you need to have to do that, whatever there’s just a lot of sort of sand in the gears of the global supply chain and that can lead to extra lead times. Also I’ve talked about our orders, maybe not even because of our own lead times, but just customers opening up the aperture of their order window a little bit longer and that has led to some of the higher levels of orders that we’ve seen in addition to just overall robust demand. As it relates to expedite requests, I don’t know that I can give you a good read on that more thoroughly or systematically across the company. I mean we continue to have some customers who really need product. I mean to the extent that we are using a material that is really constrained, and there are certain cases of that, I continued to see the odd expedite request here and there. I don’t know that I have a good read on whether it’s less or more the same. I mean I guess I would say it’s kind of the same over the last 90 days. Nothing that I would take note of really.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Mark, and good afternoon to you. I think one thing that I would just point out from this last quarter is actually our growth on a year-over-year basis was very balanced across all the geographies. I mean almost extremely balanced on an organic basis virtually every region grew by that, that 13% organically. And that, that was really nice to see actually a bit surprising given the sort of dynamics, whether they be pandemic related, supply chain related, electricity related or otherwise. And our team in China continues to do a fabulous job of managing through whatever challenges come their way and that did include in the quarter some challenges related to the availability of electricity. But fortunately for us, our approach operationally around the world, and that is the same approach that we have in China is never and not to put all our eggs in one basket. People are sometimes surprised that we have so many facilities around the world, something like 200, 250 facilities, and that includes something like 50 facilities in China that are spread across the country. And so when there are pockets of challenges over the last year and a half, whether that be from COVID-related shutdown, supply chain challenges, or even the electricity issues that you’ve heard about in China, that’s not having a material impact across the company, but rather may create a single challenge for one or another operation. And the local management team just makes it happen. And that’s a – that’s kind of the approach that we take.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks. Thanks very much, Nik. Look, this is a long story for us, which is that we’ve been growing our automotive business for more than a decade through a consistent strategy of growing both organically and through acquisitions, into new electronics applications, new applications in the car. Throughout the course of that time, we expanded our product offering from simple connectors and cable assemblies to sensors and antennas, complex center assemblies and the like. And through it all, our strategy has not been to just take share out of incumbents, but rather to participate in the expansion of electronics in the automotive market. And that expansion of electronics has really accelerated throughout that time. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, one area of expansion for electronics has been across the electrification of vehicles, both electric and hybrid vehicles, where we've leveraged our strong legacy and high voltage capabilities to really be a strong participant in that area. And that's been a great growth driver for us for many quarters. And that included in the quarter that just completed. Have we seen expedites in the automotive market? I would actually say we've seen this quarter and last quarter more of the opposite of expedites. We've seen that customers have pushed out demand because of supply shortages that they're seeing from other types of commodities. You mentioned semiconductors as one example, as opposed to expedites that of customers pulling in. And – but for those other supply chain shortages, I'm sure automotive business would have been even more robust than it was.
Adam Norwitt: Well, look, it's a great question. And it's a question that I wouldn't even confine to EVs. I mean, you point out the consumer expectations for technology in EVs, but I would just say consumer expectations for technology in vehicles [indiscernible] has expanded and has continued to accelerate over many years. I mean, I just look at, my kids, when we get in a car, you've got like a spaghetti of cables that people want to plug in to various parts of the car. And then you now have car companies coming and putting in things like wireless charging and outlets in different places as opposed to. We having one of these massive things that every kid has to plug their thing into a cigarette lighter. Now everybody has their little connectors all over the car and things like that. And whether it'd be navigation systems, communication systems, safety systems, passenger comfort systems we have seen. And I think we are living through a revolution of electronics in vehicles and that's all vehicles because we shouldn't forget like in the global automotive market, I don't know, hybrid and EVs. I'm not perfectly familiar with every one of these numbers, but I think they still represent less than 10%. And that's if you include hybrid of all total vehicle volumes, but I would say all vehicles are adopting more electronics because the car companies have realized not only that their customers want these things, but actually they can make more money on these things. These type of features are things that people will actually pay more for and thereby allow the car companies to make more profit from their products and look, it's great news for anybody working in the automotive electronics market. It's – and for our company where again, our strategy has not been to go take share out of others, but rather to work on the new things that are happening in the car. I think our company comes out of that very well positioned.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks Jim. Yes, there's no doubt that the profitability of the cable segment is at the lowest level it's been in certainly in my memory. And I think, but when we talk about it being unprecedented, I think we're also in an unprecedented environment from a cost perspective. And especially as it relates to things that impact that segment, which are things like logistics and things like certain commodity costs that have always had a more of a significant impact on that segment. We've talked about commodities and cost environment impacting that segment more. And when you're in a more unprecedented environment where the costs have just increased so quickly and so significantly. And then you're in a market where it's not as easy to overnight increase prices, even in an precedent cost environment due to the competitive dynamics and other factors within those – within that market, that it just becomes an unfortunate situation that it does have a more significant impact in the short-term here. There's no doubt that the team is working hard on pricing actions, and we're confident that there will be successful over some period of time. Don't forget this is 4% of the company right now. It's relatively small, but for the businesses that are you involved in dealing with this that's – this is impactful for them as it is for any other operations. So it's not that it's not meaningful, but it certainly has a lower impact on the overall company, but there's no doubt as the new management team is extremely focused on this. We are optimistic that over some not so long-term period of time and this shorter term, we'll be able to get these margins back up. Whether or not it's next quarter or the quarter after, I think time will tell, but we are optimistic that it will. We are on the lower end of the scale in terms of profitability in this market. And it will improve over those coming quarters.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks. Thanks very much, Chris. I mean, look, we give a lot of details across the company. And I think we haven't publicly talked about the specific numbers of what makes up, what different powertrains make up, what different sales of our automotive market. But what we have said very consistently, and I would say it again this quarter is that the growth in our EV business, whether that's an auto or also our industrial electrification business have been significant drivers of our out-performance. So, you can imagine that after a number of quarters of doing so that business represents a lot more today than it did many quarters ago. And it's a meaningful piece of the business. It has a real impact on the business and it continues to have great potential for the future.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks very much, David. I mean, you said it the industrial market is for us a very, very diversified range of segments. Now, everything from medical to heavy vehicles, to oil and gas, things like marine, factory automation that the battery and heavy electric vehicles, alternative energy. I mean, even an area like building automation where we've seen a lot of strong growth. I mean, what I think really unique here in the third quarter was virtually every one of those segments grew in the quarter. So, you don't always see that usually there's some sort of counter cyclicality across one or another of those segments, and we thought really strong performance across all of them. And when I think about why the company has really done such an excellent job in industrial, I mean, I'd point to a few factors. Number one is, our strategy for many years has been to build out a range of products that make us more important to customers across the industrial world. And again, remembering that what ties those products together is that they're all harsh environments solutions. So whether they be discreet connectors of value add interconnect assemblies center, antennas, or the like. These are all products that have to be ruggedized. They have to be fit to an environment that maybe as an ultra clean environment in an operating theater, or maybe an ultra dirty environment in an oil and gas drilling setup, or in an alternative energy on an offshore windmill or something like that. So all of these have just really uniquely challenging environments around them and what we see in common across these customers and where a lot of our growth has come from. This is really the second factor is that customers across the industrial market are adopting electronics at an increasing pace. So the same discussion that we add in the auto market, just a few moments ago, we see that really broadly across the industrial market as customers adopt next generation electronic systems and put those systems into tougher and tougher environments. I would also say that the industrial market is a very fragmented market from a competitive perspective. And so while for sure we're taking advantage of new things in this market like we are in automotive. I think there's also the fact that we continue to gain position against competitors who either don't have the breadth of offering, don't have the geographical position to support customers on a global basis. Don't have the diverse and resilient footprint that has been able to support those customers during the pandemic or during all the other disruptions that have come along and thereby customers have come increasingly to us to solve their problems, and we've not disappointed them. And that creates a positive feedback loop. So it's a market that I think we're very excited about. I think our team working in this market is just doing a great job. If you look into the fourth quarter for sure, you can look at that fourth quarter kind of through the prism of saying, well, we're guiding it to be down slightly. But in fact, on a year-over-year basis, it's going to be an outstanding fourth quarter as well. So, I think the team just continues to excel, and we're very excited about the industrial market for many years to come.
Adam Norwitt: Well, look, I mean, we're not blind to the world around us. So there's no doubt about it. I mean, the geopolitical tension that has been present for a number of years has certainly not gone away. And for one [ph] would fully advocate that countries like the U.S. and China, the world's two largest economies should for sure get along. There's lots and lots of reasons why we shouldn't. By the way, firstly, I'm very optimistic that long term that is going to be the case. But as it relates to our position in any country, including China, I mean, I would just remind everybody, we have a very unique operating strategy. We rely on local managers in every country that we operate and we operate in more than 40 countries around the world. And in each of those places, we have local general managers who have the authority to run their business as they need to run it in that region to be most successful. And so our general managers in China are able to tailor make how they do business, obviously within the confines of ethics and law and everything that it means to be a global company. But they're able to meet their customers on a level playing field with their local competitors. But in fact, it's not a level playing field, because then they're able to bring the totality of Amphenol capabilities to bear in support of those customers. And that's where the advantages is. We bring the best of both worlds of both being a local partner, but also a global company who has global resources, global breadth and global capabilities. And that's why we've been successful in India. That's why we've been successful in China. That's why we've been successful in France, in Germany and the UK. And of course here in the U.S. It's a very unique operating model that is, that works really, really well in a world where everybody's getting along, but it also works really well in a world where people aren't necessarily getting along. In terms of how we deploy our capital, we're always careful about deploying capital in every country in the world. We're always going to incorporate all the sort of risks and opportunities into our calculus about what we're going to invest in and what we're not going to invest in. And ultimately those investment ideas are all coming up from below, not sort of dictated from above. But for sure, we're going to apply appropriate scrutiny to investments in every place in the world, using sort of the full picture of the environment into which we're investing.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks Joe very much. Look, I think we've seen a lot of challenges and I talked a little bit about this earlier. But – and those challenges have included in China, a few power shortages. But I think like I described, luckily for us, our approach is to not put all our eggs in one manufacturing basket. And so while we've had maybe an odd power shortage in one location or another. It hasn't had a meaningful impact on the company. And our local team is doing a fabulous job of mitigating any impact that there could be of such shortages. It gives everybody something else to think about in a time where there's a lot going on.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you so much. And I'd like to just extend my best wishes to everyone here on the phone. Thank you so much for taking the time with us. And we will talk to you after the holiday season. So I will be the first to wish everybody a happy holiday season and a happy and successful end of the year. And we'll talk to you in 2022. Thanks so much.
