Adam Norwitt: I think, we had a very strong quarter here and the strength was across a number of different markets. And I would tell you in those markets, our teams have just done a wonderful job. And I think there are, in some of those markets, also good -- there are good trends that are there if you take, for example, the military market. I mean, here we are growing really organically by 11% on a year-over-year. On a quarter that last year we also grew organically. And you’ll remember 5% to 6% organic growth last year that really had nothing to do even with the DLA that was really a last year Q2. And I think we're both expanding our market share. But the defense environment is a bit more of a hostile environment that we’ve started to see evolve here over the last year, year and a half. And I think industrial would be another example where I think it’s not a terrible environment whatsoever. And our team is incrementally doing, we would say, even a little bit better than that with 20% organic growth. So, I'd say it's just overall it was a strong quarter, strong organic quarter, certainly an acceleration in its totality. Now, acceleration for us, our team in mobile devices just did a fabulous job. And I don’t know that that's necessarily a reflection of an overall macro trend as opposed to their ability to really capitalize on some opportunities that presented themselves. But I think it's a robust environment, and our team is really outperforming even that level.
Adam Norwitt: Look, I think, overall in the automotive market, we're just seeing a lot more electronic systems, a lot of new opportunities, which are not really necessarily share gains, it’s not like we're taking money from other people's pockets here. It is that there's just so much more electronics being embedded into cars. And when you get to electronic vehicles or electric vehicles, once again, you have just new systems that are being in place, whether that's battery management, whether that's the driving of all the accessories. And what we've always said about the EV and the hybrid world is you have a totally different power interconnect that goes into those systems, and that creates an opportunity for a Company that has a really strong high technology legacy in power interconnect, which we do. And I think our teams who have worked both in the military and industrial world developing over many-many-many decades, those high power interconnect technologies together with our automotive team who really has the access into the vehicle manufacturers. I think we've done just a really strong effort and with great results in taking those technologies and applying those into EVs. So the opportunities are very significant. Obviously, there are some things that go way in an electric vehicle. And I'm not going to be the one to tell you whether an EV in total has more content or less content. It's different content though. And so whenever there is changes, new innovation, different applications in the car that can create a really wonderful opportunity in our industry in general, and I think perhaps more specifically.
Adam Norwitt: Yes I mean look it's not -- the market itself, as you know, Mark is a very concentrated market. But it's also not the case that it was just one or two things. So I think our team is always on the hunt for opportunities, and those opportunities can come in a variety of ways. They come early on as we work with our customers in design process. They also sometimes come when competitors cannot support certain demands from customers, or when designs change in the products, or there is a lot of other things that can happen. As we all know, it’s a very dynamic market, there is always a lot of change and whenever you see that change that creates intersection of opportunities. And it’s up to our team to number one, be sensitized and sensitive to when they see those. So always being interacting with customers, regardless of the fact that we came into the quarter with a much less optimistic view of the overall market. It didn’t mean that our team was not highly sensitive to looking for any incremental opportunities. And then when you spot those opportunities, it’s all about then quickly executing and being able to execute better and faster than competition can. And I would just say that the upside that we’re seeing, both all here in the second half, is a combination of all of the above. Now, what does sustainable mean in the mobile devices market that I have a hard time to tell you. I mean, we certainly feel that we have once again proven to all of our customers the value of partnering with Amphenol. And the fact that we can be there in a pinch when they need us. But that doesn’t -- nothing is ever assured in mobile devices. And I think it's still too early to stay what does that mean for the long term. But we certainly feel much better here in the second half and for the full year in terms of our progress in that market.
Adam Norwitt: And maybe I’ll just add Mark with respect to the cable segment. I mean Craig said it very well that there was no doubt and impact from commodities in the cable segment this quarter. For many years, we remain very disciplined in that area, but it is also a market. And so we are in tune very closely to make sure that we're going to be disciplined on price, and we would certainly look for others in the industry to be the same.
Adam Norwitt: Well thanks very much Matt. I think when we came into the quarter I remember we had a question about the second half in IT Datacom. I talked about the fact that, in 2016, we had really outstanding second half in IT Datacom. I think, you’ll remember having organic growth in the 27% in Q4, 19%, 20% in Q3. And so, we talked about the fact that that second half last year was really, really strong comparison vis-à-vis the second half this year. And we'd actually come into the quarter really expecting to be even a little bit down on a year-over-year. And so when I say that we felt very positive about the growth of just a couple of percent. And I really do mean that. I think the team did an outstanding job to do better than we had thought coming into the quarter. No doubt out it. Our position in IT datacom is extraordinarily broad. I mean, this is a market where we working with essentially every player from an OEM, every player from a cloud infrastructure perspective other service providers. So there is not really one or another that is moving overall the needle for us. Our position with cloud infrastructure player is really strong, stronger than it's ever been before. And this is something we've been talking about here. I think we're running on three years of talking about the shift of our focus and resources towards those cloud infrastructure, towards the datacenter, which I'd say had great dividends for us here last year and also this year. And I couple that with just the wonderful acquisitions that we've made over the last two years, whether was FCI, which brought us just a substantially broader product offering across the board in IT Datacom or some of the other companies that we've acquired, companies like AUXEL and Busbars, companies like Telect just recently, companies like Custom Cable who have really brought us into different corners and segments of the IT Datacom market. Whereby today we have really one of the broadest, if not the broadest, position in that market in our industry. So we feel really good about IT Datacom. I mean coming into next quarter, as I talked about, we would expect our sales to be down a little bit in the quarter. But again, we're talking about versus the comparison last year that was truly second to none, 27% organic growth last year Q4.
Adam Norwitt: I think you characterized it exactly right. I think we’ve broadened our products and we’ve created the capability for us to go to customers, especially in those two markets, industrial and automotive, with more of a system proposition to them. Now, I will tell you that still that system proportion of our sales remains relatively small. But if I look out over the coming years, no doubt about it, we see a great pipeline of opportunities there. And it is already starting to move the needle. So we've seen that, in particular, in areas like new energy applications, heavy equipment applications. And where we’re really talking to customers about a combined solution of sensors together with the interconnect. I mean, you look at some of these new industrial equipments. I mean you take a tractor, molding the field with GPS and with all the sub-systems that go into it, all the sensors even autonomous driving that goes into sometimes these heavy agricultural machines, the earth moving machines. I mean, just a phenomenal range of opportunities that comes into some of those. And that’s an opportunity that present itself for interconnect for sensors and even also for antennas. And so, I think that the sensor business that we have continues to make great progress and it continues to be a real asset to us, not just from a center growth purely, but also from an overall growth for the Company.
Adam Norwitt: Well, I think the math Sherri is essentially as you said. And I think that I even mentioned we now see this year being an organic growth of 6%, we think that’s a very strong organic growth for the year. I think how that is with respect to the market, I mean, we’ll have to wait and see. But I think if you compare that to overall economic growth, I think, it's very, very strong performance by our team here in the Europe. And obviously, that’s not with every market growing. We continue have that diversity and you continue to see there some markets, which are not growing the market, for example, like mobile networks or a market like the commercial air where we don’t see quite as much organic growth this year. So I think that’s a diversification that we have has really served us very well. And the overall growth that ultimately results from that diverse portfolio is very strong. What does it mean going ahead and in the future, I think, we’ll be talking to you in three months and we’ll give you our best guess at that time as to what that means for 2018 and beyond.
Adam Norwitt: Well, look let me talk first on mobile networks. I think I did mentioned that we're doing a lot of work with customers, both equipment manufactures and also services provider to work with them on next generation programs and products and networks. And that all primarily let me say under the auspicious of whatever 5G ends up to be. But I think you know probably better than I do that a whole 5G, the plans have not fully been crystallized. For one, a lot of companies don’t even know who their shareholder is going to be in 12 months. Let along what network they’re going to be building. So I think there is still a fair degree of uncertainty around the timing of 5G, but no doubt about it. There will be a next generation network, there will be. There is an enormous demand for mobile data, there is enormous demand for increased coverage there is an enormous demand for lower latency. All the things that a 5G network ultimately in whatever form that it becomes are going to satisfy. And so it’s our job, at this point, even in a not such a great year for our business that works in mobile devices, it’s our job to work really, really hard with customers to make sure that we're presenting them with the highest technology solutions to help them enable these next generation networks. And then you just have to build it and they will come one day. And when that one day is going to be, will remain to be seen. Overtime, as having followed this market for so long, you build this pent up demand for the networks whereby the consumers and the data consumption that never stops, it never slows down. In fact, it appears to be continuing to grow exponentially the amount of data being consumed. It's just a question of when do the stars align for the carriers to make that next step function investment and it's just our job to be ready when it come. Relative to mobile devices, I'm not going to talk about one or another different program. I think we’ve talked about the makeup of how we see this year so far and what it is going to be next year. Look, I’ve I changed my guidance here twice to 90 days, and I'm certainly not going to try to do the third time. So, we’ll see when we see in the first quarter. But again, we're very pleased with the position that we have. And I'm sure if there are opportunities that are going to present themselves to us next year that same team who is working on it today is going to working on it then and then they’re going to do their best to capitalize on everything that comes our way.
Adam Norwitt: I think, it's a combination of what you just said together with something I alluded to earlier, and maybe not clear enough, which is that sometimes and we've seen this over the years. During the course of some new projects, competitors ultimately get out over the skies and they cannot always satisfy exactly what the customers want. And so, we're always waiting for those kind of opportunities very quickly comes into action and support the customer. And so I would just say that it's a combination of the two things you mentioned plus the thing that I just mentioned.
Adam Norwitt: No, absolutely. I mean, look, it is in the quarter, as I mentioned, we did grow by a relatively modest amount. I think next quarter, we expect to be up from these levels and we expect for the full year to be low single digit level. I don't think that that's materially different from the overall demand, especially when you factor in that early in the year, we did see some supply chain corrections that came in the commercial air market. We did see as well continued weakness in areas like helicopters and business jets. But our business overall, especially on the large jet liners, continues to be a very strong business in terms of our designing and our position with customers. But the ultimate demand from those customers, I'd say, today really when you talk about the growth and whether that is from a production or from a delivery from a order, and it's a relatively muted growth environment. And it just behooves our team to continue to strive for all those areas where we can somehow unleash incremental growth to that, and the team is doing a lot of work. They’re doing a lot of work on areas that aren't necessarily as long of cycle. Things like mid-cycle upgrades of planes, things like onboard electronics in planes. And so as we think about the future of the airplanes, it's a little bit analogous to that of automotive. And it's all about finding those new systems that are ultimately going to be put into planes and then making sure that we maximize our content on those new systems. And I think our team is doing fabulous work to make sure that that is the case that we are getting a strong presence on these new systems. And we will continue to focus very heavily on the important commercial air market.
Adam Norwitt: I’d tell you that even if our growth was slower this quarter than it had been in prior quarters, it was little better than we thought it was going to be coming into the quarters. So I think that was a positive for us that IT telecom did little bit outperform where we thought it was going to be. I think in terms of where we are present, I mentioned that for us it's all about these high technology products, whether that’s high speed products, which are enabling the transmission of extraordinary amounts of data, ultimately being driven by IP video, which is the real killer app that it's happening together with areas like the expansion of Internet connected devices, if you want to call, the Internet of Things and the data that’s being created from all of these cameras and other sensors that are around the world. I mean there is a lot of work going on there. In addition, tower products for us are really important area. It’s one where we strengthened significantly our portfolio of products with the acquisition of FCI, as well with the recent acquisition of Telect, as well with the acquisition last year of AUXEL. So we now have just a much broader suit of power interconnect that gets used in the data center. And the operating expenses of these date centers after salaries, it's all about electricity. So if you can go to customers, whether those the equipment manufacturers who are selling the boxes or the service providers who are really operating those. And you can present them with a power solutions that is safer and more efficient, ultimately that creates a lot of value for everybody in the chain. I mentioned as well fiber optics where we’ve made just great progress, both organically with our long stand business that we have fiber optics, but also with some of the acquisitions that we’ve made over the recent couple of years. Companies like Custom Cable, all systems, Broadband and Telect. I mean, these companies have provided us a very much more expanded range of fiber optic products that ultimately allow us to participate again in more broadly in that cloud service provider area. So it’s a part of the market that we're very excited about. I will tell you, it is a part of the market that has a little bit more the properties of service providers, as opposed to OEM. So service providers have a little bit more volatility. So when they buy things, OEM’s as you know, they got to keep the factories running. So they tend to be a little bit more stable. But service providers, as we know well in our broadband market and our mobile networks market, there can be ups and down based on when they decide to build and when they decide not to build. And so if we look at, on a year-over-year basis, the strength that I talked about in the second half last year and that tougher comparison, we certainly saw very strong performance in the second half of last year. And I think we’ve sustained that strong level this year and we feel very good going into the future with our position in the IT Datacom market.
Adam Norwitt: Look, I think we had, like you said very strong quarter. I think our guidance for next quarter, while may be a little bit down sequentially, which still be on a year-over-year basis a very strong fourth quarter. And for the full year to have that kind of high teens growth for the full year, which is the a nice increase from where we thought it was going to be. We really thought coming into the quarters that we're looking more towards the mid teens here. And so I think we feel very positive about that. When I look at the drivers and I mentioned a few of them before that we had really strong performance in oil and gas, very strong performance in heavy equipment, really strong in instrumentation, factory automation, alternative energy, medical. You got on the list just really outstanding performance across many of the segments. What does that mean from a secular long-term prospective that I have a harder time to predict, except to tell you that the growth of content in industrial applications that continues unabated. Our position and rest of our position with a variety of products from interconnect to sensor to antennas that has continued to expand and will continue to expand, both organically and through acquisitions in the coming quarters and years. And so, I think that we're set up very nicely to participate when the opportunities are there for growth. And I think we did that for this quarter and we expect to continue to do that in Q4. And I have no reason to believe that we won’t continue to have a strong industrial business long into the future.
Adam Norwitt: Well, I would just tell you that cloud service and that whole, however, you determine it, that has clearly been very helpful to our growth over the last two years. So I guess by definition it's a little bit bigger as a proportion than it was say two years ago. In terms of the economics, I'm not sure if you mean it’d be income or money or what is that. And I would just tell you that we have a really strong business economically across the board in our IT telecom business. And that strong economics to use your word really comes from the fact that we are providing leading as technologies that solve problems for our customer, regardless of whether they are OEMs or service providers in IT telecom. It's all about enabling their systems enabling their networks to perform at a higher level to ultimately create for them higher prices -- higher performance, either for the same or lower price but ultimately, to create value for them. And if we can create value for them through their systems then that will allow us to also enjoy some of that economic value.
Adam Norwitt: I think if you do look at it, I think your math isn't totally wrong from just a conversion margin target perspective, we continue to target our conversion margins at the 25% long term. But if you look at our year-over-year in the fourth quarter, I think what you would see is obviously there is some impact certainly from cable segment margins, which we continue to see at the kind of level we're at, at this point in time. In addition, there're certain impacts related to acquired companies that haven't really gotten up to the Company average and since they haven't fully adopted those Amphenol operating principles. And so, I think both of those factors have some bit of an impact. But to be honest, I mean you see any one quarter could go up or down from a conversion perspective. And I think if you look at the year as a whole, we have a very strong conversion for the year, and we're certainly very happy with our operating margin levels. And I think the math of whether or not it's low 20s or high 20s or 30s, I think that the couple of percentage points here or there isn’t going to really move the needle so much from an overall messaging perspective, I think.
Adam Norwitt: I would say long term we still have the 25% conversion margin target, and that's how I would view our. That has nothing has changed from that perspective.
Adam Norwitt: I think we talked about that as we came into the end of last year that we're very pleased with the team. And it works in FCI and that indeed they did a fantastic job, faster than we had expected to bring the Company up to our corporate average.
Adam Norwitt: We don’t really talk about gross margins. Certainly from a target perspective, we have certainly gross margins move and SG&A moves from one quarter to the next for a variety of reasons. We measure ourselves on an operating margin level. And I think the way I would think about it again is that 25% conversion margin on operating margin level, we wouldn’t necessarily guide or even talk to targets other than that.
Adam Norwitt: Look, I'm not going to try to get too far ahead of myself in terms of prognosis on any component of mobile devices. Expect to say that we grew this quarter by 15% regardless of the various ups and downs, and I think that's a very, very strong on a year over year basis. I think our guidance in the fourth quarter would also imply a very strong double-digit year-over-year growth. And so regardless of whether we’ve lots of certain comp in one or another pieces of mobile device, I think the overall mobile device performance certainly here in the second half has been very strong on a year-over-year basis. And then we’ll see going into next year ultimately how that sets up for our outlook. I will try to give the guidance next year when we all come together 90 days from now. I thought I was going to be pretty wrong this year, 90 days ago, now it looks like actually our expectations coming for the year, we may do a little bit better when all is said and done than what we thought coming into the year, which was flat and we’ll see how we come into next year.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much. And I would like to just once again thank all of you who've taken the time today to join our call. And we will look forward to speaking to you all again, crazy enough to say it, in the New Year. Thank you again. And I wish you all a pleasant continuation of the day. Thank you.
Craig Lampo: I mean, I think certainly we’re very pleased with the performance in the quarter. We achieved the record sales of EPS, and continuing to achieve our industry leading profitability of 20.5%. Now, this actually is a fifth consecutive quarter over 20% ROS and we implicitly have guided towards sixth consecutive quarter in the fourth quarter. So certainly we’re very proud of that. Now I did mentioned we did have some headwind, specifically in the cable segment related to commodities. And certainly, we did see that as you saw in the reduction and the profitability there. That segment we have always said has more sensitivity to commodities than even our interconnect segments, just because of the types of products that we have in that market. So you know I don’t foresee any favorable tailwinds coming from commodities. I’d say that our guidance in the fourth quarter does anticipate at the current environment from a commodity perspective. So I wouldn’t tell you that we foresee additional headwinds from that perspective or additional tailwinds into the fourth quarter. What’s happening in 2018 is yet to be seen. But as you can imagine, our team continues to do everything that they can to offset the current cost environment that we’re in, which clearly is a higher cost environment than we’ve seen over the last couple of years, just from a foreign exchange perspective, as well as a commodity perspective. And I think we’ve done an excellent job in managing that thus far. But you do see some of that right now in the cable segments specifically. And we’ll do everything we can to ensure that we can offset that.
Craig Lampo: Sure Wamsi. The Company, as you know Wamsi, has historically been and continues to be a very strong generator of cash. And maybe certainly believe that financial - this financial strength is really a strategic advantage to the Company and allows us to respond opportunities. We’ve consistently stated our goal is to drive operating cash flow at higher level than net income, and we have achieved this certainly for many years, continue to expect to achieve those levels. I would note that certainly so cash flow from quarter-to-quarter does vary and depending on working capital needs, and to support current in future quarter. As I did mentioned in our prepared remarks, we did have a significant but expected a normal increase in our working capital to support these strong sequential sales growth that we achieved in the quarter, which had 10% actually the highest sequential growth we’ve seen in probably half a decade, I think, as I look back, so not surprising and we just did consume more cash than normal in the quarter. I would say it didn’t specific to any particular market growth. While as you can imagine, the 68% increase in the market is certainly a consumer of cash. But we did have sequential increases in some of our other markets as well that certainly did consume some cash as well. So I would expect that for the full year and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we should have some very good cash generation, as well as very strong fourth quarter. And we continue to believe that the Company’s strength is its ability to generate significant cash, which we're very proud of. And we certainly don’t see anything changing from that perspective.
Craig Lampo: I think, you’re in the ballpark. I think I’ve already addressed the question of the concentration of platforms or not. I would just tell you that in the mobile devices market, customers buy from different parties at different times. And so I wouldn’t draw any conclusions based on our timing being one and another Company's timing being something difference. There is a lot of volatility in the supply chain. There are lots of differences about who supplies what when. And I think that when we look at our performance here overall in the second half, it's extraordinarily strong. And I think our guidance would imply north of 60% second half to first half in total. And whether that's all third quarter or little more third and little less fourth or vice versa, I’d firstly wouldn’t get to hung up on that.
