Adam Norwitt: Amit, thank you very much. Yes, I think when we look at the industrial market, I mean, the beauty of our industrial business is we have a very broad presence across, really every segment of the industrial market. And we did see some of those segments actually performing very strongly. I highlighted that we saw a very robust growth in oil and gas and rail mass transit, so strong growth in medical applications, heavy equipment, another one. But then there's other segments of the market where, which were down. And I think some of those have been pretty widely reported areas like factory automation, alternative energy, which seems to be having a little bit of a pause in the investment cycle for a variety of reasons. But by and large, our OEM business was only modestly down. And it was really the bigger impact here was the impact from the distribution channel, who it turns out, feels that they have a little bit too much inventory right now. And we started to see some signs of that maybe coming into the quarter. And I think it maybe accelerated a little bit through the quarter. And our guidance as we look out into the fourth quarter certainly incorporates a continued adjustment by our distributors in particular, as well as some on the OEM side as well. And that's what's envisioned in our sort of modest sequential moderation that is implied in our guidance. How long will that last? We certainly, 90 days from now, we'll try to give a good sense of what it looks like at least in the first quarter of next year. I would expect that it's hard to predict. But the underlying electrification and electrification of the industrial market broadly, that has not slowed down. I think, yes, there are certain things like Semicap and others where there's a bit of a digestion period right now. But we continue to see an enormous array of new innovations, new programs, new applications across the breadth of our industrial market. And I think we've built such a broad offering of interconnect products, sensors, antennas, that wherever those next revolutions are going to be in industrial, there's no doubt that Amphenol is going to be well represented there. So, I view this as a bit of a pause. I don't take an overly macro view of what's happening right now. I understand that some may look at industrial as sort of a macro proxy. And maybe there are certain areas like the German industrial market, which is really where more of the factory automation that could have a little bit more linkage between that. But the general trend of more electronics, more content being driven across all these areas of the industrial market is something that we don't see slowing down. And so, as we get into next year, we'll certainly try to give a good read on where that looks like 90 days from now. But we feel really good about our overall position in the industrial market despite this pause today.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Chris. Appreciate it. Look, I think we're really excited about where we are with our customers in AI. And I'll just put some historical perspective on this. I mean, we've been working on the innovation of products that ultimately support AI for many, many years. This is not like, all of a sudden, something like ChatGPT shows up in the newspaper and we started frantically developing products. We've been working with customers for a long time on the type of products that uniquely are required for an AI processing system. And we talked a little bit about this 90 days ago, but the nature of an AI system, the fact that it is a neural network based system, where you have these very high power chips that all have to talk to each other across a fabric like architecture, just means that there's a uniquely larger component of interconnect to allow those shifts to ultimately talk to each other. And the requirements of that, those interconnect products, both from a speed, a latency perspective, not even to mention the significant power requirements that go into these AI data centers, which consume dramatically higher levels of power, and thereby require higher technology, higher efficiency types of power interconnect to ensure that these AI data centers aren't just chewing up all the electricity in America, for example. These are really challenging and exciting opportunities where we've been investing in new product development for many, many years. It's clearly ramping. I talked about the fact that really, I would say all of our sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 came from AI. And as you recall, we had already a decent amount of AI business in the second quarter. And we don't split that out. We already talked about end markets, and we don't necessarily talk about every little sub component of that. But I would just tell you that it's a very significant opportunity for the company long-term, medium-term, and short-term as it's really driving that sequential growth that we've seen both in the second quarter and then the follow on sequential growth that we got here in the third quarter. What is the long-term of AI going to be? I don't think anybody knows the answer to that. But I think we all know that it's going to change a lot of things. And there's no doubt that the investments that are being put into these AI data centers, which are not -- these are not amounts that are for the faint of heart. They're going to really have dramatic impact on a lot of the ways that we interface and interact with and use data networks and data systems. And we're just really excited to be able to play our portion of that to enable these next generation systems. As it relates to the kind of non-AI and the inventory correction that we certainly have talked about for nearly four quarters, I would tell you that as we look into the fourth quarter, I think we feel that it's largely behind us, that inventory correction. Now, you could also say that some of the AI investments are “cannibalizing” some of the non-AI investments. I think there's plenty of people discussing from that vein. But I think the inventory positions have become much healthier today. And now it's all about investing in this exciting new revolution of AI and figuring out how to do that in effective fashion. And from an interconnect perspective, we're really standing right there in the front of the line, making sure that our customers have what they need.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, Luke. Thanks. It's actually a really great question. I mean, if I go back, everybody on the phone will recall that it was the beginning of 2022 when we evolved our organization and created now three global divisions, which are reportable segments. And then under those global divisions, initially 12 and now 13 operating groups. And each of those operating groups is run by just an outstanding group general manager. I think in my career, I was a general manager, then I was a group general manager myself before I came here to headquarters nearly 17 years ago. And those group general managers run very significant businesses. They're deeply involved in the operations of the company and they're deeply involved in the identification, the assessment and ultimately the welcoming of these new companies to Amphenol. And we now have just a broader platform of extraordinarily capable individuals. I've talked many times about how I view kind of my priorities as a CEO of this company. And I view them really twofold. One is to be the protector of our culture, that unique entrepreneurial culture that I believe is really second to none in its value and its impact on our results. And the second is to ensure the scalability of that culture so that we can grow as a company really in perpetuity. And, I joined a quarter of a century ago, we were less than a billion dollars in sales, but the culture was identical. It was general managers around the world who have full authority to run their businesses and ultimately can be held accountable. Therefore, today we've gone from when I joined the company less than 20 to today around 130 of those general managers and we've scaled the organization in support of that. And that's why today we have the three global divisions and the 13 groups. And that has included as well our acquisition program. Because if you go back in time and look back, we always used to talk about M&A representing roughly a third of our growth over the long-term. And we would always get questions, well, as you grow, that means you either have to do more acquisitions or bigger acquisitions. And I think I've consistently said, well, that's right, arithmetically, and we will do and we have done both of those things, both more deals and bigger ones. And we've acquired 26 companies so far since the beginning of 2019. That has included our first ever public company that has now -- we have now announced the signing of our second public company. RFS is one that maybe requires a little more, but you go back even 10 years when we acquired the sensor company from GE, which has been a fabulously successful acquisition and will celebrate just in a couple of months here, the 10th anniversary of that acquisition. We acquired, you'll recall, FCI, which requires, a little bit more work to align FCI into the Amphenol approach of entrepreneurial general managers. So I tell you that our muscle has grown commensurate with the scale of the company and our ability to do acquisitions, large, small, private, public, whatever you may say, all of that ability has remained very strong. And then the last thing I'll say is if you look at our balance sheet, I mean, we came out of this quarter with leverage of only .8 times. We have enormous availability of capital. We have cash flow that is really at, close to historical levels. I mean, free cash flow that is 17% of our sales in the quarter. And all of the financial means of doing the acquisitions together with the organizational means are all there. But I'll say one thing, we will always stay disciplined. We are a company that is always true to our principles. We're not just going to become a little private equity company. We're not going to be a holding company. We're not going to go out and buy bad companies, run by bad people. We're always going to look for the same criteria for acquisitions that I've talked about for many years. Number one, we want great people. Number two, we want great product technology. And number three, an outstanding market position. We got all three of those with the acquisitions of Conner, Q Microwave, and XMA. And I'm sure we'll do the same with PCTEL. And we'll continue to be very disciplined as we go forward at the same time as we have a real larger aperture of capabilities to continue to do M&A at the levels that we'd like to.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, Andrew, thanks again and welcome to the, welcome to the call here. Not so often we get a new analyst. So, it's a pleasure to have you here. Look, the automotive market is a really exciting one for the company. I'm just so proud of our team working in the automotive market, results that they've driven in what has not been an easy environment, quite the contrary. Growing last quarter by 12% organically, I mean, you will recall that last year we grew by 29% organically in a market that was essentially flat to down in units. And if you look at the long-term performance of our automotive company over the nearly 15 years that I've been CEO, I still remember very well, my first quarter is CEO. And, by the way, this is my 60th of these earnings calls as CEO. In my first one of those, we had an automotive business that was 5% and our overall sales were $660 million that quarter. So, that's $33 million, $35 million, and here we are this quarter at close to $3.2 billion in our automotive market, 23% of sales. And I think we've just done a fabulous job over those years, not of taking market share out of the hands of incumbents, but of enabling new electronic systems as they were adopted in cars over that decade and a half. And I think you've just seen a collection of revolutions in the automotive industry, the most prominent and most recent of which being the electrification of vehicles. But that's not the only thing. I mean, there's so many new systems being put into these cars. And each time there's an opportunity for us to intersect those with high technology interconnect sensors and antennas. And I think our team's done a great job of that. How is that going to go into 2024? Again, I think I said this already on the call, nine days from now we'll try to give everybody a decent sense of where we think at least the beginning of 2024 is headed. But I say no reason to say that we will not continue to maintain our outperformance that we have been so consistently delivering really over a decade and a half during this time period. I'm just really proud of our team working on automotive and I'm really pleased with the broad array of technologies for all these exciting new applications in the car.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, thank you very much, Samik. I mean, look, I think we just talked about the auto market and we've been consistently outperforming the overall auto, whatever you want to call it, unit volumes or whatever markets that you want to talk about. I guess when we talk about orders from year-over-year perspective, more broadly in the company, yes, we were this quarter on a year-over-year basis higher in our orders than last year, and that was the first time in four quarters. And I think that that should translate eventually to year-over-year growth. I think we've guided for next quarter in a certain way, and we're going to keep fighting for that and we'll guide for the first quarter at the same time when we come to that 90 days from now, and you can imagine that our team is very focused on returning to growth, and we don't love having it be down this quarter. We don't like having it be down next quarter, and we don't like having it be down last quarter either, and there's a whole Amphenol team around us that's fighting for that. When you look across our end markets, one of the beauties of the diversification of the company is that we have end markets which are growing substantially already, and we have others though which are down because of the various reasons that we've talked about. And so, when you think about, for example, IT datacom which was down quite significantly last quarter, I think it was something like 20%, 24% or so, and then this quarter down 12%, I think at our current guidance, that would be pretty close to prior year, plus or minus. And so that's a sign, I think, of that returning to the growth trajectory that we would for sure look forward to seeing across the company.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, thanks very much, and look, we're really excited about the PCTEL acquisition, and PCTEL, we've known them for many, many years as a really broad and very successful antenna company, probably a little too small to be a public company, and that's certainly one thing I would say. And yes, they have a small test and measurement business, but we're really excited about this company, and we look forward to working to bring it to its closure, and I probably wouldn't say more about it given that we've just signed the deal.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks, Steve. I really appreciate the question. Yes, I mean, look, XMA and Q Microwave are fabulous companies. They're certainly at a smaller scale for now you can imagine that we have high expectations for them over the long-term. And you correctly stated, we have really the broadest position in RF interconnect technology. And these companies bring us, just as we've gone a little bit into active optics, these companies bring us a little bit extra in RF that we can offer to our customers, a little bit more conditioning capabilities in the RF interconnect products. And that's something, especially in the mil aero market that we see as being a really important part of our interconnect offering to our customers in mil aero, and I think that's really exciting. Busbars is an area that we've been in for gosh, almost the whole of my career. I remember 23 years ago or so when I was a general manager, and we were making one of our first busbars at the time, and we've been involved in busbars in the telecom industry. We've been involved in bus bars in IT. We've made great acquisitions. You'll recall the acquisition of OXCEL [ph] several years ago, which brought us more into the industrial market. And what we really like about Conner, is Conner brings us really solidly into the busbar market in the automotive market in particular around EVs. And while we have today an outstanding offering of high voltage interconnect products that are used in EVs. There's no doubt that a compliment to that is the busbar systems that are used also to move the energy around the car. And Conner just does a fabulous job there. We're just really excited to have them. And it's a continued expansion of the reach of the interconnect system, making sure that our core technologies that we have, we have them in every one of the end markets where those find favor. And I think Conner is a wonderful piece of that puzzle.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Matt. I think you correctly stated the case here, which is, we've actually had a pretty good year in smartphones and our team's done a fabulous job there. But no doubt there's been a digestion period in the other devices in particular, the devices like tablets and laptops and the like. And I think what we've seen over this pandemic impacted kind of last four years is there was an unusual surge and a kind of disruption of the normal buying patterns of these devices, because when everybody got sent home either to work or to study or however they wanted to interact, they had to get new devices to do that. And there was just a massive surge in the consumption of those devices at the end of the day. And I think there's still a digestion from that. What is it going to be next year? I mean, look, I have a hard time guiding this market 90 days out. I'm generally wrong when I do that, and I certainly wouldn't get ahead of my speed and try to guide it for next year. But of course, at some point, that digestion of that surge of demand for those kind of devices, you would hope would normalize and I would expect that it would normalize that. I mean, I know for sure my own devices, I'm probably getting them. I run them a little longer than most, because we're pretty cost conscious here at Amphenol. But even a couple of my devices, I'm starting to think about whether I need to get a new one.
Adam Norwitt: Well, operator, I think that's our last question. And once again, on behalf of Craig and I and our whole 90,000 team around the world, we'd like to just thank everybody for your time today. We wish you all the best and wish that you and your families all stay safe. Thanks so much.
Craig Lampo: Thanks, Wamsi. I appreciate the question. I think if you look at our profitability in 2023 and certainly here in the third quarter and I'll talk about the fourth quarter in a minute or two. I wouldn't say there's certainly no changes in regards to how we think about decremental margins in the long-term, but 2023, a few things have happened and certainly we've done a great job of. Number one, we're benefiting a bit from pricing and no particular order here, but we're certainly benefiting a bit from pricing that we did last year in 2022 and we did a call, we talked a bit about the work we did last year, the catch up with the inflationary environment that kind of by the third quarter into the fourth quarter of last year, the majority of the work we were pretty much back to kind of where we wanted to be and expected to be from a balance between price and cost perspective. So, we're certainly still benefiting on a year-over-year basis from that. In addition, I think we've just executed very well, certainly some of the markets that we've seen a reduction from and certainly communications markets, ID datacom being the biggest of them. We certainly have done a really great job of kind of offsetting some of those declines just from just great execution. And if you actually look at the over year-over-year margins and you take out some of the acquisitions impacts, we actually are well under those decremental margins that we typically would target. But I'd say, those are one of the two kind of bigger things that really are impacting it. I mean, 20.8% here in the third quarter is not quite a record, but certainly given the market mix in terms of the challenges that we've had from the ups and downs of a growth price perspective, not mix of margin from a market, because we don't have a significant margin range from a market, but just the mix of the growth that we've had, the ups and downs, it really has -- really been a, I think, great execution on the team's part to be able to manage that. So, as we look forward into the fourth quarter, I think our implied guidance would be that we continue to have these strong margins into the fourth quarter and that are offsetting some of the acquisitions that do clearly have lower than average margin levels and that we're working to get up to the company average over time, but no doubt we're really proud of it. I think the longer term kind of decremental margins haven't changed from this 30%, but I think this year, given a few of the factors I mentioned, I think has really benefited us and certainly we're proud of it. And these are the margins we should be at these revenue levels and we're going to continue to strive to do better.
Craig Lampo: Hey, Mark, Good to hear your voice. Look, I think 6G will come one day, but we still haven't even invested totally in 5G. So, when I think about how the mobile networks market tends to go. And I've been around long enough working in the wireless market, long enough that I've seen 1G, 2G, 3G, 4G, and now 5G, and I have a decent sense of how that works. Generally what happen is there's an initial investment of that new generation. And then the operators digest and figure out the economics of it, because these are significant investments that they make. And if they can't figure out how to monetize that incremental investment, that's a challenge. I think the 5G, there's a lot of work going on to figure out how to monetize that. But I think there's a separate question. And that is, yes, this is a tough period for the wireless market. You've seen all the releases over the last several days, and the capital spending of the big operators here in the U.S, which is all down in the kind of 20% to 30% range, the equipment manufacturers in some cases down even more in this region at least, and certainly our business down on an organic basis as it was by 43%,. And I think we're in that digestion period of that new technology, but there's still a very modest proportion of the build out that has become truly 5G. And I don't know what the number is, is it 15%, is it 20%, but it's certainly not 50%, it's certainly not 60%, 70%, 80%. I mean, we're still, I believe, in the early innings of the 5G, and I think people are just taking kind of a third inning stretch on this right now to figure out how to make more money from the system. But if you think about what's going on in data more broadly, think about AI, think about video, think about all the extraordinarily bandwidth, hungry applications that continue to proliferate, accelerate, and be used everywhere you go. I mean, it's actually unbelievable when you see how data is being consumed and where it's being consumed. I watch my kids, who used to -- my son is a gamer, and he used to only game on his computer at home. Well, now he can be moving around, and he can be in the car, and he can be gaming and playing with all these strange creatures that they play with, I mean, really strange names, things like Jörmungandr [ph] and things like this, and weird things like that. And like, all these crazy, crazy things that you can do that are not connected to a cable, not connected to a desktop. And so when you think about the mobile internet and mobility of data long-term, I see no doubt that there's going to be continued acceleration and drive for next generation ways for people to do this. And when we look at our company's position here, we have a very unique position. We're one of the only companies who operate directly with the operators, as well as directly with the OEMs. And that puts us in a very unique position as they go about driving their systems to next generation capabilities. And I think the acquisition that we made of RFS earlier this year, other acquisitions that we've made put us in a really strong position. And yes, it's a tough quarter or two, and a pause of a year, but no doubt in my mind that long-term, the mobile networks market is going to be great.
Craig Lampo: Yes. I mean, look, we read all the same papers, and I think, individual plants may be accelerated or delayed at a given time. And I wouldn't think that, an individual announcement doesn't really have a dramatic impact on our overall business. But look, I did talk about in particular one area, which is the semiconductor capital equipment market, which I think if you asked everybody a year ago, and I’d say everybody except for maybe the two of us sitting here, they would have said, oh, this will never, ever have a cycle ever again. And sure enough, here we are this year, and there is a bit of a cycle in semi-cap equipment. We have a really strong position there. We've done a great job to position ourselves long-term as really an interconnect supplier of choice to that market. And clearly, I mentioned earlier that we did see a moderation of our sales into semi-cap equipment as part of our industrial market. I don't think that's because of any individual plant. But I'd say that that is more related to I think a bit of a pause in the capital spending of some of the larger semiconductor manufacturers. EV related, I think we still see that market is pretty strong. We had a really strong performance in our automotive market last quarter. And again, 90 days from now, we'll see what that looks like next year. But I wouldn't necessarily point to any specific things related to EV factories being built or not being built.
