R. Norwitt: Well, thanks very much, Amit, and really appreciate the question. Look, we're really excited about the renewed and really revolutionary investments that are being made in AI right now. I mean I have to confess that I am a consumer of these products. I've been using them. It's amazing. Last night, my wife made me tacos because, of course, it's Tuesday, and she went on ChatGPT. And she said, "Give me a great taco recipe." And it's just unbelievable what you can do for these things. And the underlying magic of these systems is just extraordinary computations, creating essentially probability models that are based on comparing everything to everything else. And to do that, you need the chips, whether they'd be GPUs or TPUs or sensor or whatever the chips that there are. They need to be connected to each other in essentially a fabric network. And these calculations and computations and comparisons have to happen virtually at light speed. And thus, that requires an enormous degree of high-speed, low latency interconnect products that are different in their architecture.  You have much more use, for example, of cable assemblies than you did in the past using maybe printed circuit boards. You have really direct connecting as close as possible to the chip of those high-speed products. And these are extraordinarily challenging products to build. These are products that we've been working on for so many years. I mean, more than a decade of effort in developing these products. And they're just extremely challenging, extremely high technology and extremely critical to the good performance of those products.  But it doesn't just start and end with high speed. I think it's been broadly discussed lately, power and what does power mean for AI? And is there even enough power in the world to energize these AI data centers that people are talking about. And so you can imagine that there's an enormous focus as well on the efficiency of the power interconnect in these systems. And that's another area where Amphenol is participating with some of our leading-edge power interconnect whether that's connectors, cable assemblies, bus bars and all the like.  And then there's, obviously, fiber optics and the fact of using optical interfaces, whether those are active or passive fiber optic products. Those are all things that we can offer to our customers. And we have the broadest deepest highest technology offering into the data center market. We've been working and preparing for kind of this moment for so many years as we've been developing the sort of type of interconnect architecture that needs to be used.  And fortunately, over the last kind of 5 quarters or so, that's really taken hold. And I think it's -- this AI seems to really have a lot of value for the end users, it seems to draw an enormous amount of investment in capital, maybe, by the way, even a little bit of cannibalizing of capital from more traditional data centers. And it's not just about having the right products. But it's also about being able to ramp up those products and being able to react quickly to our customers who are really having, in many ways, kind of an arms race.  And when I talked about the IT datacom market, I mentioned all of our growth. And in fact, a little bit more than all of our growth this quarter, which was very substantial growth. 28% organically came from products that are being integrated into AI data centers. And it's something that as we look into next quarter, where we still have a favorable view of that, I think our team is realizing the benefits of really a lot of labors for many years in the past. 
R. Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Luke. First of all, we're really pleased to see the positive book-to-bill, 1.03. I mean, I know during COVID, there were some funny books to bill at a few points where it was like 1.15:1 and then there were some negative book-to-bill. I mean, traditionally, 1.03 is actually a very strong book-to-bill for us because our lead times are not that long. We're a very reactive company, and I think that's a really good sign. It shouldn't be surprising that maybe the 2 places where we saw slightly negative book-to-bill would have been in mobile networks and industrial. Otherwise, we saw either flat or positive book-to-bill and probably our strongest bookings on a book-to-bill came out of IT datacom as well as Commercial Air, which were really good books to bill. 
R. Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Saree. I mean first, I just want to complement Carlisle, the corporation. I work closely with the CEO of Carlisle, who's a wonderful guy. It's a fabulous company actually. And it's true, their focus and their stated strategic focus is to be in the building materials industry. And they were a wonderful steward of Carlisle Interconnect for many years. But there's no doubt that interconnect was not where they were focused strategically. And I'm really pleased and happy for the team, the corporate team at Carlisle because I think they've really been able to realize their vision to be a focused building materials company.  At the same time, Carlisle Interconnect is a fabulous company. I've known this company for most of my quarter century in Amphenol. It's one of those companies that we actually don't compete with them very much. Very little, actually. It's such a complementary company, but I've always admired the company. And we've always admired the company for their great technology fabulous people.  And I've known some of the people at CIT also for many, many years. And I just can't tell you how happy I am that they're going to be on our side of the table, but they're going to join the Amphenol family. And that's really just -- it's such a fabulous organization inside of CIT. I mean what we really love about this company, they are a true leader in the technologies around wire and cable; in cable assemblies; in contact technologies, which is just so complementary to our leadership position on connectors and other value-add interconnect on things like back shells and the like.  And when we bring that together, that offering to customers, whether that's in the commercial air market, whether that's in the defense market, whether that's in certain segments of the industrial market where they participate. We will be able to bring a total solution to those customers at a time when those customers really want to have reliable partners. I mean you think about some of the dynamics that are evident, for example, in Commercial Air, the reliability of your partners is an enormous premium in these things.  I mean you're making critical devices, airplanes that hundreds of passengers go on and being able to go to one company and say, can you bring us a total set of solutions for our interconnect needs, that has a really, really wonderful and comforting dynamic for the customers. In terms of the profitability. CIT is a great company. It is operated in a bit of a holding company structure. I can tell you that we, in Amphenol, have a lot of different sister companies, brother companies around the world who have figured out lots of tricks of the trade of accessing low-cost manufacturing, of helping to reduce the supply chain and all of that.  And while the CIT team, they're going to still run this company. It's not like we're going to parachute a bunch of folks into CIT and say, "Go run it on their behalf."  It's the quite the contrary. I mean, the existing management team is going to stay running that company as part of Amphenol, but they will be able to avail themselves of experience of collaborative interactions with folks around Amphenol that in our experience, ultimately leads to better performance.  We've had a good track record and some may call it a great track record of buying companies that were great companies with great technology, great people, that just were maybe part of the wrong parent company. All the way back to early 19 years ago when we acquired Teradyne Connection Systems from Teradyne Corporation. Again, Teradyne is an outstanding company, in the test and measurement industry, but they were not an interconnect company.  When we acquired the Advanced Sensors business from GE, and again, GE is an outstanding company. And just as you know, they focus now, and it's now GE Aerospace. It's a wonderful company but they were not an interconnect company. And here again, with MTS, the company that we acquired in 2021. Another example of a great company that ultimately was not an interconnect or in that case, a sensor company. I think as part of now an interconnect company where they really belong. I have really high hopes long term for the progress that the CIT team will make. This will not come overnight. There's no doubt about it. That takes time. And we're patient in that respect, but we're very hopeful and we have really a strong vision for the future of this company as part of the Amphenol family. 
R. Norwitt: Well, thanks, Wamsi. A lot wrapped up in that question. I mean, look, I guess to the very end of your question, I'm not going to get out ahead of myself and try to give a guidance about this revolutionary thing into 2025. As you know, we give guidance for the quarter ahead of us, and then we try to make sure we're maximizing our position of whatever the market will bring us long term. . But I would say this, number one, you mentioned pricing. I mean we are always trying to deliver to our customers' value and so our goal is to deliver the maximum amount of value to our customers at the lowest price that they can get. And if we can deliver enough value to our customers, then there will be some of that value left over for us.  And I think what you see in AI is the criticality of the interconnect in these systems. I mean there is a direct correlation between the power of these AI learning and inference models and the quality and performance and capability of the interconnect systems because, again, you're talking about speed and latency.  And so when you think about how long does it take to build a model, well, if you have even the tiniest proportion of higher latency between the chips, then all of a sudden, what may take a month, takes 3 months to build these complex models that are using trillions of learning factors across them. And if you take 3 months and your competitor takes 1 month, and your model is more up-to-date than your competitors, all of a sudden, you as a service provider, are not able to monetize these massive investments that you're making.  So if you think about that correlation between the speed and the latency and then, in fact, the economics of the models, you can understand that there is a lot of value embedded in our products as it relates to what it creates in terms of functionality for our customers. And whether that's at the chip processor level, whether that's inside the data centers, with the cloud operators, whatever that is. There's no doubt about it that we have to build also our capacity and that these are extremely high-precision products.  They require intensity of testing. They require intensity of automation. Craig, I think, alluded to in his prepared remarks a little bit that we might see a couple of quarters of a little bit more CapEx, not just for this market, but for other markets as well. But this is one of those areas where we're really building up phenomenal capabilities. And I just have to take one last moment here and answer your question. Like everything that I'm talking about, it's easy for me to say all these things.  I can't tell you how hard our team is working to execute on these words. I mean again, these are complex products with complex production processes, complex systems, extremely high reliability, a lot at stake because of those underlying economics. And boy, I have rarely been as grateful as I am to those folks who are working 24/7 across Amphenol around the world to really ramp up in support of our customers that are implementing these AI data centers. 
R. Norwitt: And Mark, relative to the M&A pipeline. I would just tell you that our pipeline remains strong. Yes, we completed last year, 10 acquisitions. Yes, we announced in January, our largest ever acquisition was CIT. But I can tell you, we have the appetite, the capacity and the ability and agility to continue to make acquisitions, large and small. And I think we continue to demonstrate our ability to do more acquisitions, do bigger acquisitions. And the beauty of this industry and the beauty of this market is that there's just so many great opportunities to find companies with great people and great technology and a very complementary market position to Amphenol.  We remain extremely disciplined in our acquisition program, and we will walk away for -- if we get a bad feeling up until the last second, before we wire money. But there's no doubt about it that there's great, great opportunities for us for the future. And as Craig mentioned, like our financial condition is in really a fantastic position with 0.7x leverage here at the end of the quarter. Our leverage will just be a touch above 1, following the acquisition of CIT. And so we have really the capacity, the capability and the appetite to continue. 
R. Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Steve. And you're right, I don't like counting cars necessarily. I mean, the market is what the market is. But look, we have taken advantage, I think, for a very long time, not of an overall growing auto market. I mean, if you look over, I don't know, 8 years or something, it's still sort of a similar level of total worldwide auto production. But there's no doubt that the content has expanded dramatically over these years. And I think we've taken a real advantage of that. So when we think about our opportunities, we talked a lot over the past years about electrified drivetrains, the high-voltage connectors, for example, sensors that go into that. But we've also talked about all the other applications. And so when you think about communications, as I highlighted earlier, there's just more and more communications technology being put into cars. And as a leader in RF technology for cars, as a leader in antennas for cars, as someone who participates really across that whole signal chain of communication, that creates a great opportunity. There's other areas like connectivity, passenger connectivity, engine control.  By the way, there's still the vast majority of cars that are built are using fuel-based engines or ICE vehicles and those require an enormous amount of different contents as well. Most of actually what we sell into cars is agnostic to the drivetrain. But it's not agnostic to the increase in content in cars. As there's more electronics, there's going to be more opportunities for Amphenol. 
R. Norwitt: Yes. I mean just very quickly on industrial. I mean, I think we continue to see the demand in industrial to be somewhat muted. There is no doubt an impact from destocking with distributors. But it's not just destocking. I think distributors'  orders themselves are also down. And so it's not just that they have too much inventory, but the demand in certain pockets of industrial. I would say, in particular, in places like Europe, maybe to a lesser extent in some parts of Asia and then even to a lesser extent, in North America. With regards to our comments on CapEx. I mean I talked about it in the context of AI. But you can imagine, we're growing strongly in a number of our markets, including, in particular, in Defense. We grew last year in Defense by 20%. We grew last quarter by 11% organically. We continue to see strong momentum. And the defense industry uses also extremely high-technology products. We have a very vertically integrated capability and offering to our customers.  And usually, you can't grow by 20% in Defense-related products. It's just impossible to flex. And I think our team has just done a fabulous job of flexing their capacity. But that may require a little bit more. But look, we're not talking about big numbers here. I mean we said we expect a slight elevation in CapEx. Our CapEx is still very, very reasonable. I think, Craig, it was less than 3% last quarter. And so this is not a big deal. We expect to still have very strong and robust free cash flow through the year. 
R. Norwitt: Thanks very much, Will. Look, I'm not going to comment on our peers. I have great respect for them. They're fabulous companies. What I will say is that we've been working in this area for a very, very long time. And as the leader in high-speed interconnect technology, you can imagine that we also have a very robust position here. This is not something that we have just recently developed. This is a very, very long, intensive and real leading position in development of those technologies. But I have great respect for all of our competitors.  This AI is a great thing for our industry because it is really a multiple of content because of the unique architecture of these products. And we're not going to win 100% of everything, but I can tell you that we certainly get more than our fair share. In terms of new entrants, I mean, look, there can always be new folks who come along, these are among the hardest products that are made in the interconnect industry.  And I think I already spent some time talking about the economics of those products and how those economics mean that as a customer, you want to be very careful to not use a product that cannot meet the requirements that you need in these high-performance systems. 
R. Norwitt: Yes. I don't know that we have a specific number to give you for the margin dilution. I mean, we'll talk about it when we own the company. In terms of the priorities, I mean, every acquisition we make, we want them to accelerate their growth and make more money doing it. And so you can imagine that with the CIT team we're already talking about, to the extent that we can before closing, we're already talking about how do they both accelerate their growth, expand their market position, take advantage of being part of Amphenol, take advantage of the broader access that we have as a company, take advantage of the broader suite of technologies that we have to grow their business.  And in turn, how do they take advantage of our low-cost manufacturing? How do they take advantage of the broader relationships we have in the supply chain? Whatever that may be. And also just how do they take advantage of now being part of a high-performance interconnect company like Amphenol? I will tell you, in years past, when we've seen companies improve their performance, some of that was just they came in and they saw, "Oh my goodness, I didn't realize I could make that much money." And they just figured it out and made it happen. And it's not that we parachute in with a bunch of folks from headquarters or otherwise, but there is inside of the company so many great role models of organizations run by entrepreneurs, run by Amphenol and general managers who have just figured it out.  And that is -- we don't have an Amphenol business system. We don't have an Amphenol way. The Amphenol way is just to liberate people, to give them the authority and to hold them accountable as entrepreneurs. And that mindset is very different from most other companies. And again, Carlisle is a fabulous organization, the parent company, but they're not an interconnect company. And I think CIT, as part of Amphenol with our unique culture, with our uniquely broad suite of products and relationships, I can't tell you exactly how they're going to do it, but I have a lot of confidence that they will. 
R. Norwitt: Yes. Look, I may let Craig comment on the margins, except I mean, it's an easy answer. It's just like look, we make margins based on selling value to customers. If we can create value for our customers, then usually there's value for us to be had there. And I think that's basically what I would say in this respect. Relative to scaling and working with our customers, I mean, you can imagine that we have very intensive discussions with our customers in every market. Here, because of the economics behind it, because of the pressure on our customers and the big vision, you can imagine that we're having even more intensive discussions.  And so this is not just like you get an order and then you say, "All right, well, I'm going to go invest XYZ. I mean this is a very iterative, interactive discussion. But it's all done under the context of the Amphenol approach. These are -- it's not that we're making decisions here at headquarters and allocating capital. We have general managers making -- and having responsibility for specific products and they're going to figure out how do they satisfy the customer, but also knowing that it's their capital that they're spending. And if they spend more than they should, that's going to hit their P&L, not just going to hit Amphenol's P&L, it's going to hit their P&L. And that accountability of sort of from birth to death of a program is something that I think is very unique in our organization. And over time, when I think about why does Amphenol spend what we spend on capital expenditures, it is in large part because the ownership of that, the accountability, the authority for that is resident in individuals who also go to the customer every day, who also are in charge of the factory, who also are in charge of developing the products. And when you have that comprehensive authority, you tend to make wiser decisions about this. And it's not like, well, I'm going to overinvest now and let the next person clean it up on my behalf. These folks are there for the long term and they own it all. And I think they're going to make wise decisions accordingly. 
R. Norwitt: Well, thank you very much. And again, thanks to everybody for your time today. We appreciate everybody's attention. And I wish that everybody has a fabulous spring, and we'll talk to you again in 90 days or so. Take care. 
