Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much for the question. I wouldn’t actually say that it’s related necessarily to distribution channel. At the time we gave the guidance, I think there is two aspects of why the $600 million becomes $570 million. Number one is FCI certainly was impacted by currency as other companies were. They have similar, if not even slightly more exposure to certain currencies. And so there is a significant impact of currency translation. In addition, we closed on the deal in January 8, so we lose a solid week of sales in the year. And I would just tell you that if you think about the markets where FCI is, we have what I consider a relatively prudent and conservative outlook in those markets looking forward. And I would say that FCI is no different than that. But I wouldn’t necessarily say that there is any significant change in terms of distribution that is any different from what maybe we have seen nothing. That’s not the big thing happening.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. And the only thing that I would maybe add to that is the management team from FCI, they have also that same aspiration. We have seen this in many times with acquisitions that we have made where the performance of that company has may be at somewhat less of a level than ours. They always from the outside, say how is it that they can do it and as soon as they come into Amphenol, they start to see how there is that sort of cultural ability to achieve those high margins and there is nothing better than a little bit of a peer interaction to help that same management team find ways to spend less or sell the product at a higher value wherever that may be. Ultimately, with FCI just like it is with every one of our businesses, it comes down to the margin is the price less the cost and I think that there will be many actions that can be taken on both sides of that equation. But the most important action is already there, which is that the team is committed to it. When does it happen, ultimately what’s the timing of that, this is a very hard thing to predict at this stage. And I think we have taken an approach to guide towards the margins as they are today. Over time, though we remain very confident that we will bring that to close to if not above the levels of the company.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think what Craig mentioned is that it’s low double-digit operating margins in the company. As you know when you make an acquisition, there are various things you have to do with amortization and other aspects that are related to acquisitions. But we think that that’s a low double-digit operating income company today.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think we have always said and we remain very committed to the fact that we want to stay as an investment grade company. In particular, when markets are turbulent like they are today, I think the investment grade rating is a very important thing. That being said, we still have a lot of capacity. And I think Craig talked about that that we have still significant capacity remaining even where we were to get to investment grade. The reality is our position as an acquirer of preference for companies around the world, that has not changed and that continues to grow and we have an excellent pipeline of acquisitions. Are we going to make another FCI tomorrow, I guess probably not. But do we have a great pipeline of acquisitions, a variety of sizes and are we committed to continuing to drive our acquisition program, which has created so much value for the company, no doubt about it we are still very committed to that program.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think Mike, it’s not quite clear what you are asking, but it appears that what you are asking is did we have here a slightly higher conversion margin on our organic sales. And if that’s what you are asking, there is maybe a slightly higher conversion margin on that. We have an environment right now that we think there can be some slight positive impact from some of the commodity benefits that we had. And we started to see, Craig mentioned that we saw a little bit of benefit in the quarter in our cable business. And you can bet that our team is being very aggressive on that. But overall, we think that is still a guidance that is well in line with the profitability trends of the company.
Adam Norwitt: So I am going to be a little flip in a second, which is to say that we spent two decades building a culture of a company that has then the inherent agility at the Street management level to react to changes. That’s number one thing we do. That’s not something you can do overnight. It’s something we have spent the better part of two decades kind of incubating and developing in the culture of the company. And I think I have mentioned many times in the past for those especially who followed us through many cycles that in a time of turbulence, this is really when the Amphenol management team excels the most, because we have around the world 90 plus general managers. Those general managers are facing customers every day as they are going back from the customers with the information that they have gathered and they are going into the factory to allocate and arrange their resources. And you can bet in certain times that they are hearing from customers not positive news and when they are hearing not positive news, they don’t report to someone who reports to someone who reports to someone at headquarters and then we make sort of a big decision about what to do, they go back to their factory that say, hey, I don’t see the orders, I better adjust my resources and that can mean cutting cost with people, that can mean cutting spending, that can mean redeploying towards growth opportunities, whatever it is. That’s the essence of the agility that is embodied and really across this entire organization. So, in a time like this where everybody wants to sort of buckle their seatbelts, because it doesn’t feel like a very smooth flight, this is when the Amphenol team buys new pairs of shoes, gets out there, makes sure that they are getting real-time information from customers, goes back, make some real-time cost adjustments, real-time resource reallocations to make sure that we preserve strong operating performance and we expand our market position. That’s the playbook that we have had through many cycles. God forbid, if we go into a cycle like that, we are going to have that same playbook.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. I mean, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter relative to industrial was actually a pretty positive result compared to what we had thought coming into the quarter. You remember, Sherri, very well as we came into the quarter, we saw some signs of a pullback from customers in the industrial market. And it seemed to be really very much related to this turbulence in the many emerging markets. I think I gave a lot of credit to our organization and by the way some of that organization in China that we have worked to identify where there are segments of growth in industrial. So, I mentioned maybe a new piece of business that we haven’t talked about before as part of industrial and that’s this whole universe of hybrid transportation equipment. As an example, our team just did a phenomenal job over the last year or two to ferret out this whole new area that is there that is really harsh environment, hybrid performance going into things like buses and trucks. And as you probably know, China is an area where that is happening more than any place in the world. And so the reality is actually our business in China in the fourth quarter did pretty well, because we had really ferreted out some of these new things. I mean, you think we grew in industrial year-over-year 10% in local currencies in the quarter and that’s with oil and gas being down by a very, very significant amount. As we look at the guidance going into the year, I think we continue to have a favorable outlook for the industrial market. Organically, we expect it to be kind of mid single-digit growth for the year. And I think that that’s a very robust outlook actually given all what one reads in the paper everyday, which seems to be not a great time to be reading paper these last few days. So, I think that – and that’s coming again from our organization really poking their necks everywhere they can and ferreting out growth opportunities and then executing really fast to capitalize on those and to redeploy the resources towards those growth opportunities.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thank you very much, Craig. I definitely hired an IT. I think I also mentioned in mobile infrastructure where we have just a tremendous span of presence. And then industrial, I talked about the fact that what we get with FCI is something that we have really never had and we have in all honesty struggled to build organically, which is a real pervasive presence across embedded computing on a broad sense. And the embedded computing revolution that’s happening in the industrial market whether that be in places like factory automation, in energy management, in heavy equipment, wherever I mean you can go up and down the list of industrial applications where they are putting more sensors and there is more processing power and thus there is more embedded computing. And it is that sort of excellent job that the FCI team has done to repurpose essentially very robust computer interconnect products, some of which are not so new, but repurposing them into those embedded computing applications where the reliability of the product becomes such a premium. So, I think those we see all really, really real strengthening of our position. Relative to geographic, I think that FCI, as we have talked about in the past, they have a significant position in Asia, but they also have a very strong position in the North American and European distribution channels. And I view that the strength in the distribution channel is really one and the same with the geographical strength that it brings, because it allows us access with those types of products that we haven’t had in the past. So, I think that there is really strength both from market and a regional perspective.
Adam Norwitt: Well, look I think I have just said relative to our guidance that we do expect that market to be down moderately coming into 2016. It’s a very volatile space. It’s one where we came in to 2015 with relatively muted expectations. Ultimately, our team was able really to outperform in that space growing for the full year essentially by 13%, which was certainly not what we had expected coming into the year. But it is a very hard market to kind of put a line in the sand on and say that’s – we do anticipate to grow. So, we are taking what I believe is the prudent, but a necessarily prudent approach to our outlook for the market. That being said, I tell you that we continue to grow our position. And we grow our position with a range of customers. Obviously, it’s not like there is millions of customers out there. So, there is some concentration in the customer base, but we continue to diversify. We continue to attract new applications. If you look at where the growth came this year, it wasn’t necessarily, for example, from something like tablets, which several years ago had driven a lot of our growth. We saw more growth coming out of new-generation interconnected laptops, which years ago, we didn’t work in laptops. And now, we seem to have built a very significant business there as laptops become essentially mobile devices. So, what will it ultimately be? What will the kind of new architecture of mobile be? This is very hard for us to predict. Will we continue to have a very strong position and will we capitalize on every opportunity that we see? No doubt about it. And I think nobody executes like the Amphenol team in the mobile devices market.
Adam Norwitt: Great. Thank you very much, Wamsi. I think I have already shied away from talking too much about content versus unit volume. To be honest, we don’t pay for all these reports. I couldn’t even tell you exactly what content growth is and what unit volume growth is. I think I read the same papers, but I know there is lots of other detailed studies that we don’t pay for. What I can tell you is our growth is clearly above the market. When we look at our performance here in the year of 2015, whether that was in the fourth quarter or whether that was the full year, growing 12% organically for the year, growing 33% in local currencies, there is no question, this is a very strong report. And as we look into 2016, I think we continue to have a strong guidance with real mid to high single-digit organic growth and a very positive outlook there. So where does that come from, it’s clearly not just coming from units. I think that’s very clear. So it’s coming from our penetration to new applications, what I would say is a broadening range of new applications and also a broadened base of customers. I mentioned during my prepared remarks that we have made a lot of excellent acquisitions. And one of the great things that we have got through our acquisition program in automotive beyond just the product capability is access to OEMs and vehicle manufacturers where traditionally we may not have had that open door. And I think that, that has been a real great asset, in particular as we now have a product offering ranging from interconnect to sensors and even to antennas in the automotive market. From a regional perspective, I would just tell you that in the quarter, we actually saw on a year-over-year basis not bad performance in a place like Asia. Actually sequentially even we grew in Asia by double digits and I think the difference between our original expectations in the automotive market and ultimately, the results that we were able to get was in part due to a great job that our team did in Asia to drive sales.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Steve. I think I would – I think I went over most of that in the prepared remarks, but I would just say that we have probably a more positive view of military, of commercial air, industrial and automotive and we have a less positive view of mobile devices, broadband, wireless infrastructure and IT datacom. I think that in a nutshell, how we see the markets. I think those latter four markets we would expect to be essentially flattish organically at a market level. Obviously, we have a big impact on wireless infrastructure and IT datacom with FCI. So we will report certainly strong sales growth in those markets. But our organic expectations are more muted in that space. On the contrary, we feel very good about automotive, about industrial, aerospace. And as I mentioned very early on, we start to see some renewed signs, green shoots, if you will of growth in the military market.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, look I think number one, I would just modify it slightly, which is we see a lot of benefit of the product and the technologies from FCI in the IT datacom, but we also see that in mobile infrastructure and we see that absolutely in the industrial space where we also have very complementary and additive high-technology products. But with respect to IT datacom, we have talked for several quarters about the real transformation that’s happening in that space, where you have a kind of generational shift whereby the balance of power is moving towards these service providers, be they are web service providers, data center service providers or whatever you want to call them. And many of those are really kind of calling the technology shots today whereas before, they were just unpacking boxes of stuff and configuring it. And I think in such an environment, the ability to present to those customers are kind of an A to Z product offering that helps them reach their price performance requirements is more critical than ever before. It used to be that you could have a couple of pillar products, you could work with the couple of box builders and you could know that, that product was what the box builder needed. Today, the range of customers that you have to work with and interface with is so much broader that if you don’t have a product offering that fills essentially every hole, whether that be in high-speed connectors, whether that be in power connectors, in I/Os, in cable assemblies, you run the real risk of missing out on the one that ultimately will grow. And I think with FCI, we eliminate that risk wholeheartedly. We get a total A to Z offering. We can walk into customers of any nature and say you tell us what you need and we have it, somewhere on that ultimate price performance curve that the products all fall on. And I think that that is something that will over the long-term, pay great dividends for the company. Obviously, here I am talking about an IT datacom market in 2016, where we had a more modest expectation. But I think that is something that is commensurate with the market environment that we are in. It is a very uncertain environment. IT spending also it’s a capital item and I think that at the end of the day, capital spending tends to be a bit more constrained when the markets are crazy like they are today. Ultimately though, data is flowing at speeds unlike we have ever imagined, applications are growing logarithmically and people need to equip their data centers and their networks with the equipment ultimately that can handle those speeds. And we are going to have the best solution for it.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. I mean look, dour and dour, I think we have an outlook essentially for the market organically to be at about the level that is it this year. So, that’s certainly less dour than it was in 2015 when we were down 13% in local currencies. I think 2014 we were up by a significant amount. If I recall, 23%, 24% increase. So, I don’t know about six quarters, even if maybe the first half of 2014 was a little stronger than the second half. I think in the fourth quarter, essentially our sales were flat to the third quarter and that is in a quarter where normally you would be down sequentially. So, if you talk about signs of life, I think one could interpret that flat performance in the fourth quarter where normally you see that to be down is maybe not the worst sign that one ever sees. I think that ultimately, they will – there is developing like there was last time a pent-up demand for capacity and coverage that needs to be, one day, solved. And to solve that pent-up demand, it will take equipment, it will take antennas, it will take the interconnect products that we have and it will be upon us who has really the broadest range of products at least in our industry to support both the OEMs and the operators. In fact, last quarter, I think I mentioned we actually saw growth from the OEMs on a year-over-year basis and that was the first quarter in I would say three or four that we saw OEM growth in wireless infrastructure. It is normal in the fourth quarter to see the operators down a little bit. From a regional basis, I would tell you that we have seen actually pretty good performance in North America in the wireless infrastructure market at least in the recent quarter. And we have started to see actually in Asia some pretty solid signs here, in particular in place like India. India is going through quite a significant infrastructure build. We seem to be at the early stages of that. And our team has done an excellent job to position ourselves. I am never going to bet on India in terms of a market, but I will tell you that we are very strongly positioned in India and to the extent that they do ultimately build that the levels that they have that can be also another sign of life for mobile networks.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I would say that it’s actually very similar to Amphenol. So, that’s I think a good way to think about it.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I think we feel very pleased. We just finished two years as a sensor company. In fact, we acquired the GE advanced sensor business. I think it was December 5, 2013. So, it really just finished our two years. And I can tell you that we feel really good about the progress and we added obviously Casco a year later and that is – I can just say that that’s a very positive impression, both with our customers as well as internally. There has been a lot of collaborative initiatives between engineers across the company. We have seen some nice wins with customers where maybe they would not have had access and we have also seen great reception from some customers where we didn’t have a strong access before with our interconnect products. So I tell you from my perspective I give it a real strong grade, a solid A, let me say, in terms of our experience. In terms of the end market exposure, advanced sensors when we bought it was about two-thirds industrial, one-third automotive and then Casco was essentially all automotive. So, I would say that our business is roughly balanced between automotive and industrial. And within industrial, again there is a diversification ranging from heavy equipment to medical to automated building products and things like that. So, there is a great diversification in that. And within the automotive, there is a very strong geographical diversification and OEM diversification as well as the types of sensors, pressure and temperature and otherwise the types of sensors that we are selling into those applications. So, we feel great about the deals. We feel great about the progress so far. And we continue to actively look for new ways to expand both organically and through acquisition.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, distribution, we have talked about from day one with FCI that it is a great asset for us. 40% of their sales are through distribution. And I think I have mentioned before, but I will reiterate that the strength that we see is not that we are not exposed to those distributors, we certainly are and we are bigger than they are, those distributors, but they are exposed to the part of those distributors that markets into areas that we have not been successful. So, we have been very strong with our harsh environment, military, aerospace and industrial products and they have been much stronger in identifying and working with distributors on new IT datacom, embedded computing and all of those areas where we just have not had the traction, because we didn’t have the shelf space of the products. And so I think that is a big advantage. Industrial is one which I have already spoken extensively about today. I think that in the IT datacom market, FCI did an outstanding job. And I would say in part because they have just a phenomenal reach into places like Taiwan and China. They did a fabulous job attacking the new generation of ODM and new generation of IT datacom, new customers, the nontraditional, let me say. And while our team has done also an excellent job there, FCI was even a few steps ahead of us in that respect. And so I think that’s another real additive thing that we get with FCI. The other thing that we get with FCI irrespective of the market position is capabilities that are truly second to none in certain respects, plating technology, manufacturing in certain areas, low cost areas of products that we don’t make in those areas. So, there is a whole range also of capabilities that we are very excited about. And I can tell you, our respective teams are spending a lot of time together right now to identify kind of the low hanging fruit around where the collaboration can create value for the company.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thank you, Jim. These are three very good questions. With respect to mobility, I think you did the right calculation, 30% down. And as I said, that’s similar to what we saw in prior year and I think even for the last three years almost. And I think I already addressed our outlook for the year. I will just summarize maybe, which is that yes, we do see that our sales will be down slightly for the year. We take a very prudent approach to this market. It’s a market that’s extremely hard to predict and one that’s volatile. We came into 2015 also with a very muted expectation. And ultimately, we did a lot better. But that was not something that you can see coming into the year. What are the expectations for smartphone growth? What are the expectations for tablets, for laptops, for all the accessories that are there? I don’t know. If you add them all up together, does that reflect the market that is growing or not growing? I think you can read five reports and get five different answers right now. So, what we do is we guide based on what we are seeing. But as I said earlier, we are not expecting and nor do we anticipate any losses per se. And I think I addressed that already. With respect to industrial, I mentioned this kind of new and exciting area of hybrid heavy trucks and buses and is that related to credit, I don’t know necessarily that that’s related to credits. I think it’s related to really dirty air. And so I think that there is a lot of places in the world who are coming to terms with the fact that their air is not breathable and they are doing things about it. And I don’t know that, that is necessarily a short-term trend. I think that is a trend that is probably at the beginning stages of such a trend. Will that always be a driver of growth over time, we will see. But I think our team has done a great job to position themselves and position ourselves in a new and exciting area and what is otherwise an industrial market that certainly sees its ups and downs.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. We are not going to dive too deeply into the real specific splits of FCI, but let’s just say in order I would say it’s IT datacom, industrial, mobile infrastructure and then automotive and a little bit of mobile devices, kind of in that order.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. No, we are not integrating it per se. We are not restructuring, closing, consolidating facilities. The one thing we are doing is that we have running FCI as of the time it’s joined Amphenol an individual who has been with Amphenol for a long time. He was actually the individual who shepherded us – shepherded the TCS company into Amphenol 10 years before. He has been with the company – with TCS for more than 27 years, been with Amphenol for more than a decade and he knows exactly what it takes to bring a large enterprise into Amphenol and to really go through the cultural transformation that is something that takes time, but takes also great focus. The prior executive running FCI, who is also a fabulous individual as part of a private equity sale, that was natural that he would be moving on and we were very happy that the whole current management team who now reports to the gentleman who is running that as part of Amphenol. They are very strong robust and excited to be part of the team. And they are doing that under the leadership of someone who has gone through this exact same transformation in a very, very successful fashion in years past. So otherwise, we are not mushing things together. We are not going through radical transformations. But we are doing the things that are necessary from an operating standpoint as Craig alluded to, to get the margins up. And long-term, in Amphenol, it’s not like we have sacred cows and we say nothing can go, we are going to be very thoughtful about that. But at the end of the day, we feel that that is an enterprise that is going to be a high performance enterprise going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Very good. I think that is our final question. So on behalf of Craig and I we again wish you all happy New Year. Hope that everybody enjoys the current market environment and we certainly look forward to talking to you all again here in 90 days and best wishes for a strong start to the New Year. Appreciate it.
