Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much Wamsi and appreciate the question. I think your point is very true that when we’ve had that kind of volatility where we’ve been in many cases able to capitalize on demand that has come later in the year, sometimes that has happened when competitors have not been able to satisfy demand or otherwise, I think what I mentioned and what you also alluded to is, we did see here in this quarter as the designs of the products were finalized with our customers, that there were changes to the architecture of some – of certain products and that ultimately resulted in less content opportunity for the company in those products. And again that’s – it’s not always that content goes always up with every platform, we’ve talked about that many times that every new system has a slightly different design, a slightly different product overlay to it, different natures of opportunities and content. For us and I think in this case, the customer chose to design slightly different way and that had a negative impact on our outlook. But does it mean that, that this is a kind of a one way ratchet or some permanence to it, absolutely not. I mean, every product gets designed in a slightly different way and I think what we have always said about this market is, we always look for new opportunities to design in our products into new applications and new systems and well, over the long-term, that has been a very favorable trend for us over a very long-term. If you look over a decade, our mobile devices market has averaged growth of more than 8% organically over the last decade because of that long term trend. But in the short-term, that can go up and that can go down and that’s the inherent nature of the volatility of the market. There’s volatility on content, there’s volatility also on volumes as volatility on winners and losers amongst our customers and that’s something that we’ve dealt with over many, many years and we’ve been able to build long-term a very, very strong business regardless of that. So as we always do, we always try to update our outlook given what we know in the moment and due to these architectural changes that you mentioned, and that I mentioned earlier, that really drove us to have the outlook that we have produced here today.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I think that’s a fair characterization. I mean, as you mentioned, there were puts and takes as there always are across a diversified range of end markets like we have, which is one of the reasons why diversification is such a core pillar of how we run this company. I mentioned earlier that no market was more than 21% of our sales in the quarter, I think, when you look last year also no market was more than that similar level and this has always been with Amphenol a very, very important principle for us that we tried to stay diversified across markets within those markets across customers to the extent one can and across customers across their applications. When you look at the more modest organic growth outlook for the year, the math is pretty straightforward. When you have a market that last year was 17% of our sales down 30%, that has a certain magnification on the overall outlook for organic growth and I think across the other markets we have some markets performing at stronger levels and we have others performing a little bit less robust. But that’s the nature of the business and that’s not any categorical change. The big categorical change here in this in our outlook is in fact the mobile devices.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Craig. Look, we always love all of our children and we love our new children even better. But I have to tell you, this has been a fabulous acquisition. Craig and I actually just a few weeks back had the opportunity to visit the European operation of SSI, which is in the Czech Republic and just an unbelievable organization of people with fantastic products, great customers and an extremely high technology products. And the business is going really well, I’d say, it’s performing at or above our expectations for the year. And more importantly, whenever you acquire a company that is really a family company and that, that organization has to transition into not being a family member and where the patriarch in this case who was in quite a senior gentleman when he’s retiring at that time and the management team who is all still there is now part of Amphenol. I mean, this is always something that we focus very heavily on. I remember we were there the first day that it closed to welcome them all. We’ve spent a lot of time with them over what has now been the better part of four months and the team has truly embraced, being part of the Amphenol organization and we see an enormous amount of activities ongoing between them and other divisions of Amphenol, hunting for that long-term collaborative value, whether that be with customers with technologies, with cost reductions. I mean, you name it and so, I would say that SSI and the wonderful organization there has embraced our team and vice versa in a way that is actually beyond my expectations and that would lead me to think that long-term the prospects for that business are very good.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean if you look at our book-to-bill, it was strong in the quarter. I mean just over $2 billion in bookings. I mean, you can imagine when you go through the puts and takes of the markets and where we’ve kind of upgraded our outlook and vice versa, that the booking, the stronger book-to-bill would probably be in those markets where we’ve had a bit more of an organic upgrade to our outlook. So markets like military, markets like commercial air, in particular where we had strong bookings, but we had very robust bookings really across the company and relative to inventory positions, again, we don’t have great visibility as you know. We have some visibility into the distribution channel and we haven’t seen anything out of the ordinary in distribution channel. I guess, I would say that those distributors who are a little more focused on military and aerospace are probably booking at a little bit more aggressive levels. But that’s on the margins, I think by and large we haven’t seen any significant changes or causes for concern in distribution inventory. I think in the other end markets, it’s more anecdotal. We may have seen – I talked about in the IT market how we did see for example in storage a little bit of weakness and we did see maybe a few pockets there, where there was some inventory that was built-in and there’s some planning around that. But by and large, I would tell you that the overall position again to the extent that we see it, which is a relatively small extent is nothing so notable.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean, I think what I talked about relative to the sub-markets, we have real strength in networking, we had maybe a little bit less strength in servers and then storage was a bit soft in the quarter. And relative to the hyperscale, and what’s interesting about hyperscale, it is really a service provider model. So we’re very used to service provider businesses. We service a lot of operators in the mobile networks market and the broadband market. We’ve been involved with that mindset of a service provider for many, many, many years as you know well Matt. And there is a certain volatility, a lumpiness as you term it, in the hyperscale market, which is just natural for service providers. I mean, it turns out that when you’re buying product to manufacture other product. You’re essentially in many times you’re kind of keeping a factory busy, making whatever you’re making, networking equipment or servers or something else. But when you’re installing data centers and configuring data centers, there is just a lot of other factors that are at play. You’re constructing sometimes things, in the case of the mobile networks market, sometimes weather has an impact, the same is true in broadband. So there’s a lot of other factors besides just build rates that come into play in that hyperscale and I would also say that you don’t have always as many kind of intermediaries, things like contract manufacturers are involved. And so there can be a little bit more volatility in that space, and I think when we look at our performance this quarter in IT datacom, very, very strong performance, growing by 12% organically actually in the quarter. But our outlook for the second quarter is a more modest outlook and I think, there may be some of what you described that volatility embedded in that outlook. But this is normal, I think it’s not an abnormal thing for an operator driven space.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I’d say the vast majority of the increase was really the Charles acquisition. But we’ve had – but there is some strength in that market, that was a bit better than we expected in the first quarter. I mean, look, we’re really excited about just the growing array of products that we have in that area. And so whether that performance is coming from the addition of Charles or organically, I would tell you that we just remain very well positioned as operators and as customers, really start to plan for their next generation networks whatever they want to be called. I mean, I know companies are suing each other over what they call these networks, but let’s say 5G or whatever you want to say here. And I think that the Charles acquisition just brings us an added complement of really sophisticated interconnect enclosures that are used in areas like small cells, in areas like more densified 5G networks and things like that. And so we’re really excited about bring that in. At this moment, it’s a company that we’ve been courting for a long time, it’s a – it was a family owned company, it’s called Charles Industry because the wonderful gentleman who founded it was a guy named Joe Charles. And Joe, I spoke to him last night is just an outstanding individual with just vision and drive and running – and that company that he founded 50 years ago. So this is not a fly by night kind of a business either and we’re just so proud to be the kind of adopted new parents of somebody’s baby that they created and it’s just the fact of how that business has developed and their focus on the mobile networks market in a different area of the interconnect world than what we have, is something that we’re just really, really excited about. So, I think we had good strength in the quarter organically. I think that translates into a good outlook organically for the year, and then coupled with Charles, I think it brings us really a more favorable position than we thought we would be in coming into the year.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, just – I mean first and foremost, this is not a share loss. I mean, sometimes customers design things with different products that they’re either replacing something with, as you said, maybe a different technology or just not integrating the same type of product. They solve the situation maybe on the board or they solve it somewhere else. And so – or there’s a different functionality that’s embedded into the product. So this was really a change in the available content for us, not a share loss at all. And then related to 5G, who knows, I think is the first answer I would give you, which is who knows ultimately what the products, how they’re going to be designed for 5G. But, we have always benefited from enhanced complexity and devices. And so, to the extent that there is more complexity, more signals being generated, more signals that have to be handled inside a mobile device be that a phone, a tablet, a laptop, a wearable, whatever it may be, that’s usually a good thing for us. I can’t tell you it’s categorically always good at each individual platform or each individual device, but by and large, complexity and added complexity, more signals, more frequencies, in general should be a good trend for Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Look, Jim, you’re not at all beating a dead horse there. I know it’s a very important topic for everybody. And again, it’s not a question of us losing share. We were not undercut by anybody. That’s not the case. It was just the customer took a different design approach. I mean, we sell antennas, we sell connectors, we sell mechanical devices into these products. And sometimes for example, a customer will take a different approach to an antenna technology, where they’ll reduce the number of antennas or they’ll change the structure of those antennas. That’s the type of dynamic that we were dealing with here and that we are dealing with here. Is it – and it ultimately does result as you correctly term it in less content available for the company on that given set of platforms. But like I said earlier, this doesn’t mean that, that is a one-time shift till time immemorial. I mean, you all know that last year we benefited greatly from an increase in content opportunity that our team did a fabulous job of capitalizing upon really incredible efforts that the team went through in order to ensure that we could support an extraordinary ramp, 90% increase first half to second half last year, which took a lot of doing and then reacting in turn as they’ve done so successfully here in the first quarter. So this is the nature, as I said earlier, of the volatility of the space. Every product has a little bit of a different design. Each generation can have more or can have less. There can be new competitors, your customer can lose share or gain share. These are all the things that make this market not for the faint of heart, but make us be able to be successful because of that unique agility that our team has.
Adam Norwitt: Well, look, I think there it’s – I think the change that we’re talking about here is mostly due to as I said in my prepared remarks, the sort of architectural change. Is there a little bit less sanguine view of overall volume demand? I think sure, there is a little bit of that as well.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you, Deepa. No, I think I wouldn’t really mention any of our other markets specifically. The only thing I would say is, there are a few pockets of industrial in Europe, which in some of the industrial segments in Europe are a little bit the tails wagged by the dog of the automotive industry, you’d see once in a while. But again, our overall outlook for industrials still remains as robust as we had talked about coming into the year. So I think within the industrial markets, there have been sort of geographical puts and takes as well, but really where it was most noticed, most obvious was in automotive. Our business is today much more balanced geographically in automotive than it once was. I think you’ll remember well that there was a time when Europe used to be roughly two-thirds of our automotive business and now it’s more balanced. It’s a little bit bigger than the other two regions, which are roughly the same size. But we did see in Europe, a little bit less demand than we had anticipated coming into the quarter. And I think as we look towards the out quarters, our presumption and expectation on the basis of what we’ve heard from our customers is that Europe may still a little bit underperform the other regions. I mean look, a lot of people much smarter than I, and much more knowledgeable than I have written a lot about that and it’s probably the least well kept secret in the industry that European automotive has a little bit softness to it, but we’re not immune to that, I would say.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean look, does it mean margins were flat? I mean, we don’t talk about it as margins by each of our markets. But it’s – I think it would be quite a Superman feat to have flat margins with a 50% reduction in volume. I think what we mean by that Craig talks always about the fact of really driving conversion margins both on the upside and the downside. And I think our team just did a fabulous job of managing those conversion margins. Thus, I can imagine many organizations, where if your business effectively falls in half in a 90 day period, you have an enormous amount of stranded fixed costs that I think it’d be hard for most businesses just to make money in such an environment and our team just did an excellent job of managing the conversion margins. But it doesn’t mean that the absolute level of profitability at that 50% lower volume level is the same as it was in the fourth quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks. I mean look, this is actually not a new area for us necessarily. I mean, you’ll recall that we’ve made a few other outstanding acquisitions over the recent years, acquired a company called All Systems Broadband and we acquired subsequently a company called Telect. And those companies were really involved in complex interconnect enclosures more for indoor applications, inside data centers, inside telecommunications, indoor applications. And what Charles brings us is a very similar product actually to those that we have acquired before with Telect and All Systems Broadband. But it does that in a harsh environment application. And in particular, what you see more and more as for example in the wireless market, as people move more toward small cells, more densified networks, where there’s a lot more outdoor requirements, that – there’s just not the place to put things indoors anymore. And you have to have a high technology packaging for those, so that you can get this complex interconnect into the side of the place right near where the tower goes or right where the junction goes to the house or to the tower or to the distribution point. And so Charles has just this very unique high technology harsh environment, interconnect enclosures, which is very complementary to the more data center indoor applications, that we got from Telect. So it’s not that we have a strategy that says, we’re going to go be an enclosure company at all. I mean, this is really high technology interconnect products together with the enclosures that go around that and that really rugged eyes and protect those interconnect products wherever they maybe situated. So it’s really on a continuum. Charles and we’ve been very pleased with the performance and the reception from our customers of both All Systems Broadband and Telect and now together with Charles, we really have a complete offering both indoor and outdoor when customers need those really complex interconnect systems.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I mean, I don’t know that we’re – we have any different view on China. I think – you characterized it Mark, it sounds like a pretty fair characterization, but – which would be by the way the same characterization around the world, I mean, there are some areas of strength and some areas of weakness. I think people talked broadly about Asia and China in particular in automotive and there’s been a lot written about that. I mean, I would say that our performance in Asia was not our strongest region. I highlighted Europe – I mean, our strongest automotive performance was really in North America in the quarter. But you know, by the same token we had strong performance in IT datacom in Asia and in China as well. So I don’t know that there is one general conclusion. I mean, one thing I will say, Craig and I were there a few weeks ago and there still seems to be a lot of Ferraris and Bugattis driving around Shanghai. So it doesn’t seem like anything is falling totally off of the cliff.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean, well, you always have these great insights into tech, which is wonderful to see. Yes, no question, I mean, we’ve been working on 48 volt applications in auto, in data center and other areas. And the underlying driver is just there’s just so much more stuff going on in these systems. And when you get to all the different things, just the typical, say 12 volt in the car, for example, just can’t support it, the network cannot support all these different applications, that are drawing power. And so does that have implications from an interconnect perspective, I think absolutely it does. I think that there any time when you have that kind of generational shift either in power or in bandwidth of data or frequency as it relates to RF. I mean, these are the things that connector companies really live for, is really helping customers to enable those transformations, helping to – helping your customers to figure out what the ramifications of that are, what the – how you have to test and validate and secure the systems, so that they’re equally safe as they were in the past. And so, our team around the world as they are on any of these technological evolutions or revolutions, they’re working very closely with a number of customers all over the place.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, no, I think first of all, I appreciate the comments and we do feel very good about the progress of our automotive business even when we were a little disappointed with the performance in the quarter. We pulled a little bit down the outlook for the year. I mean that does not reflect any disappointment with our progress and position in that marketplace, which is a very, very strong progress and excellent position. On a regional basis, I wouldn’t tell you that there are regional differences in content, because the expansion of content, the sort of revolution of new applications being put into car, things like whether that’s hybrid electric vehicle, whether that’s new drive systems, whether that’s new electronics, new communications systems, new interfaces of passengers, new types of control systems for transmissions, and engines, and braking and all of that. I mean, there’s such an extraordinary array of different things happening in cars. And I don’t think that any one region has a disproportionate adoption, with maybe the only exception I would say is that the China EV market is certainly a more fluid market where there’s a lot more players. And so there’s a lot going on there and our team has done a really excellent job in that space. But in terms of overall content in cars, I don’t personally believe that there is a real differentiation on a regional basis. Relative to our products and you correctly categorized them, interconnect products and sensors and antennas, I think they all are seeing great opportunities. And so, I wouldn’t say again that one of them has a disproportionate progress. I think they’re all playing a role in the enabling of that advanced content in cars, in all the various regions. And we’re just really pleased as we continue to build out the product range for the company and that includes in this quarter, with the acquisition of Aurora, which again, albeit a small company, they make unique products that are used especially in next generation onboard electronics and embedded computing in cars. And I think that, that just adds to what is already and has already become a very broad range of products and very well, you’ve covered the company long enough to see that over the last decade we’ve really built that out, both organically and through acquisitions. And we continue to be on the hunt for next – the next sort of complementary product across those various product categories to allow us to be more important to our customers, to allow us to participate more strongly in that next generation electronics and that’s what Aurora is an indication of and we’ll continue to drive a strategy that way going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Look, I’m not a golfer, so I don’t know about handicapping. We have always approached this in a very simple sense, which is we’ve always tried to communicate to our shareholders and to the world the best that we can at the time when we’ve made that communication. And so to tell you right now that we’re going to be better or worse than the 30%, I couldn’t tell you. We think right now that our outlook is – this is the best outlook that we have at this moment on the basis of all the information that we have. I think that it remains a volatile market and I think our team remains uniquely able to capitalize or deal with the changes as they make up. And that’s the best we can do at this moment and thank goodness, I don’t have to play golf and deal with handicaps. Thank you very much.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you all. We really appreciate everybody’s continued interest and focus in the company and we wish that you all have a pleasant spring and we look forward to speaking to you in the summer. Thanks very much.
