R. Norwitt: No, Jim, it's a very good question. I think, as I mentioned previously, we certainly saw that customers were more hesitant to place orders in the first quarter because of the uncertainty surrounding the budget. We saw this, if you will recall, back at the last time we had a presidential election. And I think this was not any different than that situation that we saw. And I think now that there is a budget, we see a positive outlook, as I mentioned, for the second quarter. These programs that are long term, none of the budget discussions today have really impacted them. And the most important is that vis-à-vis Amphenol, we have such a broad position across every program that we are not dependent on one or another program to get today funding, tomorrow funding or the next day funding. It was, really, in this case that our customers were just more cautious in terms of where they placed their orders. They don't want to extend themselves without knowing what is, in the end, going to be funded or, in fact, whether the government will have funding at all.
R. Norwitt: Well, I think our focus, in general, in acquisitions has always been, and that has not changed, to look for companies that have exciting new technologies and markets where there are also strong adoption of new technologies happening. It's very true that automotive has not been, for us, a significant market. It is still just 8% of sales. At the same time, we have seen, and that has helped to propel the growth organically in our automotive business, a real adoption of new technologies into cars. And some of these new technologies come to us as attractive technologies where we would want to participate, where our interconnect technologies can add value. And that's where we believe we -- those would be good returns for us. If we look, as an example, of hybrid and we have talked before many times, that we have not participated in the broad automotive wire harness. At the same time, as cars transition to a hybrid drive chain, they require more harsh environment, more knowledge of high-power. Those are the things where Amphenol has traditionally had an outstanding leadership position in technology. These acquisitions that we have made, the one at the end of last year, which was in RF technology, this one in the real, sort of, transforming area of lighting technology, are both areas which are not general automotive but rather consistent with our ongoing strategy of niche, high-technology applications in the car. To the extent that there is a continued adoption of new technologies in cars, I certainly would not tell you that we would shy away from finding other high-technology applications of our products in automotive. By virtue of it being automotive, it does not scare us away. What we don't like is things where our technology has no value and appreciation from the customer.
R. Norwitt: No, as I said, we have not seen, to our business, whether related to automotive or otherwise, any meaningful impact relative to Japan. I think, as I have gone around and talked with customers around the world in a variety of our markets, none have been able and none are willing to or see the need to say anything tangible in terms of what the impact will be. The fact is, is everybody is working very hard to offset any problems that can come. It appears that of any industry, is the automotive on a broad basis is impacted more, especially among Japanese automakers where we have very limited, if any, exposure. In terms of that specific market going into the second quarter, again, we have not heard anything specific from customers. We have not seen any reductions in forecast or downgrades to the outlook. And in fact, what we see is that many of the new niche electronics applications in cars continue to have strong momentum. At the same time it is still, I think, for many, too early to say whether some of these products that come out of Japan, whether they'd be semiconductors or other things, whether those could have some impact onto the broader supply chain. That's something that, despite many questions that we've asked to customers, we don't have any real visibility on it this stage. It does not appear today that there will be anything really meaningful for the company.
R. Norwitt: This is an excellent question, Matt. Thank you very much. We are not treating this any differently than we have our long-term strategy for mobile devices. And that is very simple: We don't pick winners. We are not trying to pick who is going to be successful, who is -- which product is going to get fanfare in the marketplace, which will be adopted more or less heavily by consumers. Rather what we do in this business, and that's why -- we do this very much as a mobile device business, is our goal is to get the broadest print position on the most platforms as possible using the lowest cost, R&D and tooling, as we can. And that has been very successful for us for many years in terms of participating and being able to participate on kind of the winning devices. We also have participated on the losing devices, and that is certainly the case. And I think here we will continue to follow that. We will get the broadest position possible. We will have quick-turn designs. We will do this all in low-cost areas. And we will just try our hardest to make sure that we are on every platform. And many of those will be losers and some will be winners, and all of them will have some content from Amphenol.
R. Norwitt: I wouldn't say that there has been any big change. I mean, this was just passed a couple of weeks ago, and as you may know, the government does not operate necessarily as quickly as private enterprises do. And so we have not seen any meaningful change. There are maybe some small sign that, I think, people are feeling a little bit better, I think, in general. The people -- the communications of the people say, "Okay, now the budget has passed. We can get back to our normal daily duties." And those daily duties will, at some stage, also involve placing orders to our vendors. I think, clearly, over time that will have a positive effect. And that's why we do look forward in the second quarter to a more positive outlook for the military/aerospace market. I think in general, the trends that we have seen in this market, which in particular is the increasing adoption of electronics, that has not slowed by any means with any government budgetary issues. We see just more and more, every day, the adoption by military contractors, by the U.S. and foreign military, the emerging markets, of new technologies that help them to adapt to the new demands that are really in the world today. And these new technologies, whether they be unmanned vehicles, whether they be new RF detection systems in cars, new communication systems, these are really accelerating in their prevalence. And if there is a short-term budgetary delay in placing orders, that does not at all take away from the real imperative that is there. It's very much analogous to what we are seeing in many other markets where there is this real acceleration of technology adoption. And I think, in many respects, the military around the world is playing catch-up there. The other element of that market that is important to emphasize is about a quarter of our sales are to the commercial aero [aerospace] market. And there, clearly, we have seen strong performance on a year-over-year basis and see still good progress in that market on a sequential basis. And we're very hopeful, and that is not just a misplaced hope, that there will be good momentum in that market as we go through this year into next year, as the new airplane platform is very highly fuel-efficient. New planes that are being released really start to have production volumes behind them and as we start to participate on a broader basis in these new commercial air platforms, again with new, more high technology interconnect products.
R. Norwitt: Yes, I mean, look, we're certainly not trying to capitalize on a natural disaster here. At the same time, Japan is a relatively small footprint for us and there have clearly been instances where customers have come to us to seek replacements of products that they need in the short term. Whether that translates into a long-term share gain, I think that's too early to say. Clearly, there will be in Japan a significant reconstruction effort. And I mean I have heard numbers in the hundreds of millions being talked about here. And that is a large stimulus program that will come in and of itself. And I'm sure there will be elements of that that come into the markets that we serve: the industrial market, the wireless infrastructure market, the aerospace market. So long term, any reconstruction -- and I am very, very confident that with the resiliency of Japan, the economy and the people of Japan, that they will reconstruct and they will no doubt build it bigger and better and higher technology than it was built in the past. And do we stand to be an enabler of that reconstruction and thereby benefit from it? I think long term we certainly would. Vis-à-vis short-term share gains, there may be some odd things. But I -- that's not something that's fairly -- that we are counting on even if we are there to support the customers.
R. Norwitt: Sure. I mean this was one market where, this quarter, we clearly were disappointed in terms of the end market demand. We had expected demand to go up as it usually does in the first quarter. I mean that has been for a long time, seasonally, the first quarter where you would see an increase in build-out and demand, and we just simply did not see that this quarter. And I think that is arising out of a real reluctance on the part of especially the U.S. cable operators to spend capital. Whether that is because of different competition that they have, different take up rates, whatever that is that maybe we are not so close to -- but there are clearly was some restraining of capital spending. Vis-à-vis the pricing environment, I have to tell you that we certainly look forward to the market leader always being aggressive in pricing when you have seen these increases in raw materials that have come. While there were some announced pricing actions, the actual implementation of those pricing actions was much less than one would have expected. We're still hopeful. We're very hopeful that there will be discipline in the market. And as always, we will be there within an extraordinarily short time to follow on any pricing activity from the market leader. And that's something that they can be very confident in and that the market should be confident in.
R. Norwitt: Sure. Well, it's actually quite simple. I mean we seek to work everywhere where the Internet is being enabled. And if you look in the United States in particular, broadband or the cable market is really still the predominance of how people access to the Internet through broadband. And we are not placing bets. We are not betting whether someone is going to get their Internet through cable or through DSL or through broadband over power, through LTE, through WiMAX, whatever it may be. It's not our business to bet on which is going to be successful. It's our business to participate across all of those. It's true. I mean this market today is dilutive from a profitability standpoint. It is also much smaller than it ever was before. And in terms of kind of the impact on the total company at 7% of sales, it's much less. And I think our technology position in the cable market has allowed us, on interconnect products, to really achieve strong technology positions on the equipment, and there is a lot of new equipment upgrades that go into this in the broadband market. And that is something that we feel has been an excellent strategy of the company for some years now. Going forward, we remain committed to stay as part of the enabler of that broadband as, again, as part of the mix of how people get Internet to their homes. We believe that broadband Internet access is an important market for the interconnect industry and for our industry and we want to be a part of each element of it.
R. Norwitt: No, I mean we are very happy to have completed another acquisition. We completed several acquisitions last year and the year before, and we continue to really incubate a very strong pipeline of deals for the future. Again, I've said this many times, we are not going to predict when we will close the next deal, how many deals we will close, what value of those deals will have for the future. But there is no question that Amphenol is positioned, continues to be positioned, will be positioned as really the acquirer of choice in this industry. As we go out and I go out and meet with companies in -- both large and small, there is a real warmness and an open arms towards people saying, "We want to be part of Amphenol." Our organizational structure and entrepreneurial managers, the general managers, my group executives, that is a very hospitable environment for companies to become a part of. When they become a part of Amphenol, it is really a seamless transition for them. I mean, I spoke just 1 day afterwards to the general manager of our newest company, and he feels just right at home because he gets to continue to run his business, yet he gets to avail himself of really the opportunities around the company now that he is part of a global company. And I think that example every time plays out for those entrepreneurs who at the end decide to sell to Amphenol. Obviously, others want to do acquisitions and we are not always going to win every acquisitions. We are certainly not going to pay the highest price for every acquisition. And these acquisitions can sometimes take a very long time to develop and to incubate and develop the mutual trust that is required in a relationship to, in the end, decide really to get married. So what that will be this year, what that will be next quarter, that I'm not going to be able to forecast for you. But I can tell you that we continue to have a very active engagement in developing our acquisition pipeline, a strong pipeline. And there is a lot of companies in this industry that are attractive, that have a unique technologies, that have broad application across our global customer base.
R. Norwitt: Yes, I mean, let me just say that -- to reiterate this from Diana, I mean there is an extreme organizational focus on this. Pricing is an art. We have certainly, you can always -- to distributors, there are the regular price increases, but this represents less than 15% of our sales. And so with these discussions with OEM customers, that is a real art and a drive and it takes courage. And one thing that it takes, most importantly and where Amphenol has a strong position, is it takes leadership of people who are really involved on both sides of that business, both the operational, the engineering as well as the customer-facing side. Our general managers are really our greatest asset in terms of being able to sense the costs going up, because they see it every day, and then translate that into meaningful discussions with their customers as opposed to just saying, "Hey, the price goes up a flat number. We issue that from headquarters." Rather, they are able to go in and truly adapt their pricing to the reality of the market that they see. 70 general managers around the world. They're each taking different strategies. But 1 thing in common. It is an extreme focus. It is in front of everybody's mind. And no doubt, with these commodities having done what they are, with the wages in China, with the currency, you know the renminbi and others, there is really fewer and fewer options except to go to the customer with price. And we're hopeful that we are not the only company in the industry who has that mindset.
R. Norwitt: Thank you very much, Amit. Essentially, you're -- it's about right. Commercial air represents about a quarter or 22% of sales. So your math is pretty close there. Our -- relative to what amount of sales is U.S. versus others, it is largely similar to if you were to look at what amount the U.S. spends compared to other companies and so clear -- to other countries. Clearly, the U.S. has the largest expenditures for military, and that would accordingly be for us also the largest piece. That being said, we have very, very strong position in essentially all of the other global markets where we are, as an American company, allowed to participate. That includes in Europe, that includes in India where we are really the leader in that extremely fast-growing market. And so we see that while the U.S. continues to be very important for us, there remain excellent growth opportunities in other areas around the world. And those growth opportunities may actually be with U.S. military contractors who are exporting their products. That we have seen more and more of over the recent years. Relative to our outlook for the full year, we were obviously very pleased that, that market grew 27% in this quarter. And I think we said -- last quarter, when we gave our full year guidance, that military will be sort of in line with the overall growth of the company, and we wouldn't see that to be much different at this stage.
R. Norwitt: Well, I think just to answer the general question, our industrial business is a very, very diversified business. It ranges everything from connectors that go into alternative energy, solar, wind and other to high-speed rail, to geophysical, to medical, to marine, entertainment, heavy equipment. It's just a wonderfully diverse marketplace for us and one where we're very excited to see just an ongoing technology adoption happening, really, in every one of those segments. Relative to the price of oil and what that can mean, it can mean different things to different segments. I think clearly if you talk about oil exploration, you talk about energy generation, that can be not a bad thing. If price of oil is up, people are going to dig for more of it but people are also going to try to use less of it. And so if you dig for more, that's more exploration and if you use less, that's more alternative energy and more hybrid drives and more efficient power. So I think, either way, that's not a bad thing. I wouldn't tell you, though, that we have seen our industrial business that is so correlated necessarily to how the price of oil goes up or down in a given short or long term. We just feel very excited by the real diversity and the outlook of strength that comes across that industrial market. And as I mentioned earlier, we see excellent opportunities, in particular, in emerging markets. The infrastructure building that is happening in these emerging markets, and you wish on one hand that you would have more infrastructure being built in the U.S., but you see this infrastructure being built in places like China and India, and that is not just roads and bridges and tunnels and airports. It is totally new rail systems. It is new energy-generation systems, new medical equipment, new automation, motion-controlled machine tool industry. And there is just such a broad-base of growth prospects that come in these emerging markets. And as they adopt these new technologies, they are adopting really the latest generation, and the latest generation have more and more of this electronic functionality and the stronger drive towards efficient power transmittal.
R. Norwitt: Yes. I think we have seen that certainly over the last 5, 6 quarters here. And as I've mentioned, we continue to see strength in the industrial market going forward into the second quarter. And we feel very good about the fact that those are real strong growth segments going into the future.
R. Norwitt: And relative to the networking market, which part of our IT datacom -- clearly we saw in the quarter some, still some pause in that market in particular. And I think what you are seeing in the networking market is a couple of things. One is there were upgrades that happened in the year prior and there are some cycle that comes to that. More importantly, we have seen a real kind of enhanced competitive marketplace in networking, where it has been no secret that there have been share shifts that are happening between the networking OEMs and driving price competition, different formats, different types of networking equipment into the different segments. And I think that, that can certainly have kind of -- or in one instance, it can cause some customers to every once in a while say, "Well, maybe we wait. We get a better price if we wait a month or 2 to buy that equipment." Because there seems to be some very, very aggressive actions between the OEMs and the networking market today.
R. Norwitt: Very good. Well, thank you all again for your continued interest in Amphenol, and I'd like to wish you all a very successful and a happy second quarter. And we look forward to talking to all of you again here in three months.
Diana Reardon: Sure. Perhaps I can give you an answer to that, Wamsi. I think that as you pointed out, I mean, the company has a great long-term track record of achieving very strong profitability. And certainly, the profitability that we did achieve in the first quarter is something that we feel very good about, 19.8% ROS. As you say, it was 24% conversion margin over last year. And these are certainly very excellent accomplishments in any environment. But particularly, as you point out, in the current environment, which is really, I think, unprecedented from the pace and amount of the acceleration of these cost pressures. We, as a management team, remain very committed to the goal of 25% conversion margins. Certainly a goal that you're familiar with. We've had it for quite some time. And I think that then means that we are committed to further margin expansion in the future as the company grows. However, given the current global cost environment, we believe that margin expansion in the near term is going to be more difficult and, therefore, when we look at the guidance and think that it just makes more sense to be more prudent in the short term and to think more about the company, maintaining this very strong level of profitability that we've been able to achieve. And this really is the thought process that's reflected in the current guidance and, therefore, it's true to say that the conversion margin that you may have computed as inherent in our guidance is more in the low 20s and not the 25% -- 24%, 25% that we were able to achieve in the first quarter. As a management team, we continue to be very committed to maximizing the profitability of the company irrespective of whatever obstacles may present themselves. Although, it is true that all of these goals become more challenging as the profitability levels get higher and as these cost increases just continue to accelerate. And so, as a management team, I mean we certainly continue to work very aggressively, as we have done in the past, to pursue both pricing and cost reduction actions to maximize the profitability of the company in the future.
Diana Reardon: Yes, I think -- I mean this is about a $50 million business. We closed it, sort of, partway through April. So there's maybe $10 million or so that's included in the Q2 guidance and a little bit more than that in the 2 outlying quarters. I think from a profitability perspective, this is one, I would say, that would more -- be a little bit lower than perhaps our average. But we see good potential both from a growth perspective and from a profitability perspective with this Santome [ph] company. I think that Adam has mentioned already the type of products that Santome [ph] is involved in. And we're certainly very excited about the growth potential for these type of products in the automotive market.
Diana Reardon: Yes, I think the guidance -- we go through a very bottoms-up process in terms of the way we look at our business each quarter, so I would just put that out there. But I think that the guidance in general reflects the inclusion of this acquisition that we did, and so that is reflected in the new guidance. And of course, it would not have been reflected in the old guidance. It also reflects the stock buyback that was done in the quarter, which would also -- would not have been reflected in the old guidance that we gave last quarter, and other than that, reflects what we see the potential is for performance of the company for the rest of the year.
Diana Reardon: Sure. I think that there was more activity towards the end of the quarter, so the Q1 diluted share count, as you implied, doesn't fully reflects all of the stock buyback that was done. I think that the Q2 would be somewhere in the 175 million range from a diluted share count. And that would reflect what we did in the first quarter and the smaller amount that fell into the beginning of Q2.
Diana Reardon: No, there were option exercises that occurred toward -- some towards the end of the fourth quarter that were more fully reflected in the weighted average shares count in Q1. And then you've got always some impact from changes in the share price, as you know, with the mathematics of the way the diluted calculation works.
Diana Reardon: Yes. I mean I think you've seen what we've done in the first quarter relative to the buyback of stock. I think that we, from a prioritization of using that balance sheet strength that you referred to, is still #2. Certainly, the acquisition program would be the #1. But clearly, stock buyback represents a good option, certainly, to return value to shareholders. You saw us do that in the first quarter. Even after the purchases that we've made, we still remain about 1.5 million to 2 million shares higher than we were at the time we stopped our last buyback program just before the global recession hit towards the end of 2008. And so I think that, from a prioritization standpoint, both acquisitions and share buybacks will continue to be an important part of the picture for us.
Diana Reardon: Yes. I think that the entire team in every market with every customer spending certainly a tremendous amount of time on pricing to ensure that we get the maximum price for the technology that we bring to the customer. I think each individual market has its own dynamic. Certainly, there aren't any customers out there who are just dying to get a price increase from their vendors. But by the same token, with the environment that we find ourselves in, this is a very important part of the puzzle relative to maximizing the profitability of the company. And so we are certainly, both from an executive management standpoint and from an operating management standpoint, spending a tremendous amount of time on pricing right now.
Diana Reardon: Yes, I mean I think that we don't somewhat forecast exactly what the buybacks are going to be. I think we really look on kind of a quarter-to-quarter basis and look at the acquisition pipeline and so forth. I think that we have a lot of capacity to do both acquisitions and stock buybacks based on the strengths of the balance sheet, as you point out. And I think that you've seen what we've done here in the first quarter relative to that. And I think you can expect to see some of both as we move along to 2011.
Diana Reardon: So from a CapEx standpoint, I think we still would expect 3%, 3.5% of sales for CapEx for the full year. So that's really no change, I think, from what we've done on average historically.
