R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thank you very much, Mike. Look, our auto business is continuing to just perform extremely well and we're just really happy about the progress that we've made over a many year period. I've talked about it in the past, the strategy that we have of finding complementary acquisitions, together with really driving into new electronics in the car with our organic product suite. And I think that continues to create a very, very strong pipeline. From a regional perspective, what we're just so proud of now is we have transformed that business from what was a clear majority European business with a minority North America and a very small presence in Asia, to now a business that is much, much more balanced. In fact, it's just over 40% or so in Europe and then equally split roughly between the other two regions. And I think that gives us exposure regardless of where the developments are and regardless of where the ultimate volumes are going to be. With respect to the incentives that may be in certain areas, I don't know necessarily that we have seen a big impact or whether we expect to see a big impact from those incentives. The ones that are most widely talked about are in China. They have traditionally to do more with smaller cars that tend to have a little bit less content than maybe some of the larger cars. If I look at our performance in the second quarter, actually, we had our best performance in Europe, where we had strong growth in the European market, both organically as well as with acquisitions. And we had also good performance in Asia and modest, let me say, performance in North America. And again, I think it's a credit to both the OEM diversification that we have, the regional diversification that we now have, and the application diversification, because we're seeing that growth across a wide array of different applications. And that is interconnect and sensors as well.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. We've had a lot of conversations with distributors. I personally have had many of them and our team has had multiples of what I have had. And what we saw early on from the date of announcement and that has continued and I will say even ratcheted up is a great enthusiasm from our distributors on two fronts. Number one is, they have always had an affection, affinity, and loyalty towards FCI, but they had always a little bit of a cloud hanging over it in terms of the prior ownership. Whenever you're owned by a financial sponsor, your partners always have a little bit of a question mark. And I can tell you that every distributor just stood up and applauded when we were ultimately the company that was the ultimate home of FCI. But the second and more important is, FCI has positioned us with those distributors in just a very, very different way than we have been in the past. In the past, we have always been known by the distributors from our original legacy with them, which is in the harsh environment, military, industrial products, and that's where the history came. Even if we have diversified our products over time, we struggled to diversify them in certain of the commercial areas, the more high-tech telecom, IT datacom type areas, which are still very important for those distributors. Well, on the contrary, FCI was extremely well-positioned, and that was the area where they were positioned with these distributors. And so, what we have already seen is really great momentum in elevating the prominence of total Amphenol at those branches where traditionally we were not necessarily the first name to their lips when they were going to their own customers. And I think that elevation of the prominence at those branches which are more associated with telecom, with datacom applications, that will for us create great long-term opportunities to really cross-sell the broader suite of Amphenol products. Does it happen in a six-month period? Not necessarily. But do we already start to see the kind of green shoots of that coming up? We do, indeed. And I can only attest to the level of interaction and the enthusiasm of the interaction that we see with all of our distributors that gives me great confidence that in the future we will really see strong benefits from that combination.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, no. Thanks very much, Amit. I think we have seen in the mobile devices, as you know, we came into the second quarter with an expectation of being down for the year in the sort of mid-single digits range and, today, we see that being down somewhere in the 10% range approximately. And that was reflected in part with a somewhat less ramp-up that we saw in the second quarter, we were up about 15%. I think we had originally talked about being up around 20%, and then also some modest reductions here in the second half. We see that really all as changes in the overall demand as it's being now forecast to us from our customers. It's not that we're losing anything of any note. You're always winning and losing certain things in that space, let me say that. But overall, we have seen that just a more modest expectation from customers really across the board from their earlier forecasts. When we look at the mobile device market for the year being down, there's no doubt we prefer it not to be down and we're not happy about that. When you look at the trends, we've had years in the past where the second half is a very significant uptick from the first half and we've had other years where it's a somewhat less significant uptick from the second half. And I think this year in mobile devices, our second half as we've currently guided it is going to be up in somewhere in the teens. And we've had years where it's been in the high-teens, low-20s. We've had other years where it's been like last year much more substantial. And the cadence of the market, do you see more growth in the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, we've had even years in the past where the first quarter was not so bad. Every year that changes a little bit. But overall, what we see is a more broad-based reduction in expectations. Now, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is not an easy market to forecast. And our team, no doubt about it, is poised for whatever opportunity to do better than that may come their way. And it's always been the agility of the team that in the end has allowed us to remain strong with our customers. Because in the end, customers want somebody there who can react to those quick changes, satisfy the upticks in demand, and deal with the moderations in demand if they come, and in that market, they tend to come when you least expect them.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I think it's not a demand necessarily. We're happy with the demand. And I would say the demand is really meeting – the top line of FCI is really, at a minimum, meeting with our expectations. We've just seen better operating performance as a company. We've started to see better operating performance, we expect to see better operating performance and that's what's given us the confidence to raise our outlook for the accretion of the company. We still have a long-term goal, as we always do and as we widely communicated, to have FCI perform at the same levels of the rest of Amphenol. And we certainly don't lose sight of that goal and we have confidence long term to reach that goal. When does it ultimately get there? That's something that is still too early to say, but the early returns and the performance of the team is really fantastic and we're just so pleased with how they have not just embraced being part of Amphenol, but actually embraced what it means to be part of Amphenol. And that high performance culture, they have bought into that, embraced it, and become one with it in a time period that is really somewhat beyond our original expectations.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. No, I think it's a really important point, and we talked about the fact that at the time we announced the acquisition that FCI really bolstered our position in the IT datacom market from two perspectives. One, from a product perspective, where they had just a great rounding out of some of our products on the high speed, on the backplane, very incremental progress from a power perspective and IO and then the unbelievable array of board level products that are just really fantastic from FCI. So, from a product technology perspective, we just have today a much, much broader array of products for customers in that space. As it relates to the market side, in addition to the products, we had very complementary customer base in fact. There were certain customers where we were both well-positioned, but there were most customers where one of us had a better position than the other. And whether that was regional where they, for example, had some stronger positions at certain customers for example locally in China, we had maybe certain customers that were a little bit stronger here, they had some very good customers on the data center, the web service provider, we had others, but there wasn't really an overlap there. So, it just – not just rounded out, but strengthened and bolstered and broadened our position. And you're absolutely correct, the IT datacom market is going through tremendous, tremendous change today and it's not for the faint of heart. You see that around the industry. If you just hang your hat on the traditional OEMs, the traditional places where the orders used to come, the orders then are not going to come at the same pace you used to get them. You've got to pivot. And I think with that broad product range, with the channel, with the presence with other customers, as well as with our innate agility of our team, we've just done a fabulous job in that pivot towards where the opportunity are. I think what's clear is the overall opportunity, the market opportunity for IT datacom is still an exciting one, it's just a very, very different one than it was in the past. If you look at our performance last quarter, we grew 38% together with FCI, but we also grew 5% organically. And clearly, that is a different level of performance than you see overall in the industry and no doubt with the broad range of OEMs in that space. And that growth is a reflection of not just excellent agility that our team has displayed here, now with also a broader range of weapons to attack. So, it's a place that we're excited about. Like any market, I wouldn't want to be 100% in IT datacom, but that's the beauty of the diversification of the company and the diversification even within that space.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I think in any space, as you correctly point out, as the market is evolving, there is volatility. I think there is actually volatility in most markets, most times right now anyways. We're not in a Steady Eddie kind of a macroeconomy today. And I think the hybrid EV space is no different. There is a tremendous amount of innovation happening and there is a lot of opportunities to intersect new demand for new functionality from customers and it's kind of all over the place. There're so many places where you need to target those customers. And I think it gets down to the nature of our organization. The fact that we have general managers in certain places around the world, whether that's in China, in Europe, in North America, who are focused on their customers reacting quickly to those customers, retooling products, redesigning products, designing new products, as appropriate, that has positioned us well very. I think the other thing that we've seen in this space is there is a real demand for a comprehensive interconnect and sensor solutions. And that's something that our team has started to do a real excellent job on. And will all of those applications that we work on ultimately results in something that is mass produced in volume on a stable fashion for a long time period? No, absolutely not, but well some of them, no question about it. And our approach in times like this in these very dynamic times is to really maximize our presence with as many customers as possible, with as many of our products as possible such that whoever the winners and losers may be as the market shakes out, we're going to be positioned with them. And that's the approach we've followed in the mobile market over many years. That's the approach we followed in the datacom market. And it's an excellent approach here for this exciting space today.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, again, what we're talking about here is a reduction in our outlook, not a reduction in the sales. We still expect mobile devices to be up in the second half and up by, as I said, somewhere in the mid-teens range, second half to first half. But it is a reduction in what our customers have been telling us 90 days ago. Is some of that related to inventory build or not? I actually don't have enough visibility into the various pieces of the supply chain to be able to tell you whether there is inventory build. Nothing that we have seen that kind of – is so obvious. But could there be – certainly there could be – but that is not really what we see beyond just hearing from our customers that their overall demand is less than they said it was going to be one quarter ago.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I don't think we've seen any order pattern changes. I think Craig gave a very concise review of some of the FX changes and how those have impacted our overall guidance and that clearly happened on the day after this faithful vote. And I think as Craig mentioned, that had an impact roughly for the full year of somewhere to the tune of $35-million-or-so reduction of our full year outlook. And fortunately we've made these two acquisitions, which essentially offset that in our guidance. But in terms of order patterns or customer conservatism or changes from our customers of any real significance, I don't know that we've seen that. I think there's no question that there's unease around the world even before Brexit, and Brexit does not reduce the amount of money. What does that ultimately translate into, that's hard for us to say at this point. And we'll be watchful of it.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I think I mentioned earlier that we are very pleased with our balance geographically and that in the last quarter, actually Europe represented just a bit more than 40%, and Asia and North America were roughly balanced on the remainder of that. And I think I also mentioned that Europe was our strongest growing region, followed by Asia and then North America.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I think, look, our share overall in the automotive market is still really small. So, while we've grown a lot in the automotive market, we still have a relatively minor position and that's what's so exciting for us, is that there is still so many electronic applications that are coming. And as each new thing comes along, that's a new opportunity for us to create a renewed platform for growth. And I think we see that in North America as much as we see that in Europe and in Asia. As it relates to our performance in North America, related to the SAAR and the overall volumes, we don't have a strong view on what SAAR will be this year and what the impact of that will be on us. I think we expect still to have strong performance in North America for the year. Although I guess at this point, we would expect Europe and Asia to be a bit stronger.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, let me just comment. We made and announced two acquisitions this morning, outstanding companies. I discussed both AUXEL and Custom Cable. These are two excellent companies that represent opportunities in very exciting markets for us with really complementary product technology and service offering into those spaces. And together, they represent an annual sales value of about $80 million. And those are just outstanding companies. Are there other companies making acquisitions? I think this is nothing new. Others have made acquisitions of many companies in the past. And whether that's the companies that you follow or otherwise, we're not the only company who has ever made acquisitions in the interconnect market. And we will continue to not be the only company. But what we are is a company who has developed an organic strength in acquisitions that we believe is really second to none. If you look at our track record over a long time period, and we think in acquisitions, in very long time period, if you look at us over a very long time period, we have acquired somewhere north of 60 companies in the last 10, 15 years. Each one of them outstanding companies with great people, great technology and really complementary market position. And we have paid, over time, what we consider to be very fair prices, not that they are low or high, but they are fair prices. In the case of the acquisitions today, for those $80 million in sales, we paid roughly one times sales for those companies. And these are extremely high technology companies that we have brought into the company. And so are we going to win every auction? Are we going to be the first at the door of every company that ever comes out? No. But look, the beauty of the interconnect industry is how rich of an industry it truly is for acquisitions. There is a constant wellspring of new companies that are coming up, smaller companies that are becoming larger and midsize companies that become larger there again. And our approach, both organizationally and also from an execution perspective, is just a really, really, compelling approach for those companies. And the right companies, we're still very, very confident to win those companies and to bring them into the Amphenol family over time. And you correctly point out that every quarter, you cannot predict are you going to get a deal done or not but we have a very strong pipeline of acquisitions and a great reputation among companies in the industry as a place that represents an outstanding ultimate home for those companies long term.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I think in this quarter, we saw probably better performance in Europe on an organic basis than we saw in other regions. We saw a strong performance also in Asia. And we had growth in North America but the most robust part of that performance clearly was in Europe. Look, our performance in mobile networks is just a great example of the fact that when the chips are down, we don't just throw them on the table and run away. In fact, we know that in a space like that, there are cycles. Last year was clearly a down cycle, the year prior was a good cycle and two years before that were not great cycles. And regardless of what the given cycle of the day is, we know that the ultimate demand for mobile networks comes from the rapid acceleration of the proliferation of mobile broadband, and that continues unabated. When do operators spend their money, on what do they spend their money, what are the nature of the architecture of the various systems that they're using, where are the constant opportunities for us. Those are all things that are changing on a constant basis. But they're all ultimately paying homage to and servicing an end demand which appears to continue to grow without limit. And so, our strategy is just a very simple one, continue to broaden our product offering, continue to work with customers at every geography and across service providers and equipment manufacturers to make sure that we are really the first phone call for them and there with them on the day that they want to design that next-generation system. Maximizing our position, maximizing our content on that equipment that they need so dearly to ultimately support the demands of the networks. And I think, I really give a lot of credit to our team. It's not easy to do that when your sales are down like they were last year by 18% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currencies. But the team did a fabulous job. And I think the fact that we've seen now two quarters of strong performance, really indeed accelerating performance when you look at the growth here in the second quarter, it's just a great validation for that very aggressive and simple approach that we take. And to give us now the confidence to expect for the full year some growth in a market that we previously did not expect, we're really pleased with that.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I don't know in the second half would it necessarily be the same regional trends. In all honesty, we don't necessarily even have specific forecasts by region in that way. But I wouldn't be surprised if it's a relatively similar continuation as we go into the second half.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah, I think without going to a specific number, we're pleased that the operating performance is improving. And I think right now, it's maybe too early to say ultimately what the numbers will be. But you're correct in presuming that there is an improvement. And ultimately what that improvement will be by the end of the year still remains to be seen but we're just really excited about that improvement. And as I mentioned earlier, it's just an outstanding embrace of Amphenol at every level by the people of FCI that has ultimately resulted in them accelerating more than we had expected their operating performance improvement.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Sherri. I think if you look back over the years, it's true that today no segment represents more than 20% in the quarter. But we've had years where it's been a little bit more 20%, 25%. I think if you go back all the way to 2006, IT datacom was 25% of our sales. I think if you go back we had may be a year where Mil-Aero was a bit higher as a percent of sales. So, it's not that 20% is the bright line. I think there is a level beyond which we wouldn't go, what is that? Is it 30%, is it something like – somewhere in that range probably makes us a little bit less comfortable. What's most important though is that we have that breadths and balance across all of our end markets. We think it is a tremendous asset for the company to have that diversification and balance, in addition to have it within the market. And so, as we look at an IT datacom market, I mentioned earlier that the growth that we're seeing in that market is actually a lot driven by some of these newer customers and this sort of almost re-architecting of the nature of the market. And I think that's just the great credit to the interim market diversification that we have in IT datacom. But no, we're not putting the brakes on the IT datacom. It doesn't change our investment strategy. It doesn't change our appetite for acquisitions or otherwise, but we continue to be very sensitive that whatever we do strategically, we will maintain a good balance and we won't be over-relying on one or another of our markets for the company.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much, Brian. Look, we remain very excited about the sensor market. We got into the market now more than two and a half years ago. Time really flies fast here, since we acquired first the Advanced Sensor business from GE. I can just tell you that the team has done an outstanding job in our sensor business. We are growing. We are improving the operating performance. We're expanding the range of opportunities in our pipeline. We are working in collaboration with the connector operations. I alluded to one of those areas where that's happening more intensively with places like hybrids and batteries. And we continue to be just very excited about the space. In addition, we continue to hunt for acquisitions in the sensor market. We have an excellent pipeline. The market can still – really reminds us of a bit like the Interconnect market of a decade or two ago, a very fragmented market, lots of diversity from a technology perspective, from a customer and geographical perspective. And I can just tell you two thumbs up from our perspective in terms of the assessment two and half years in. It is a space which is also not without challenges sometimes, I mean, you have competition, you have technology change, you have programs – that common programs that go very much like you have in the connector industry. And I think our team and the culture of Amphenol, as it is now reflected in those companies that are in our sensor business, is just so much better equipped to deal with those dynamics than they may have been under their previous shareholders. And I think of all the values that we have brought by those two acquisitions that we've made, so far, it is really incubating in them that agility and reactivity, the aggressiveness to shift towards where the opportunities are and not just hang your hat on something that may or may not be doing well. I mean, I look at our sensor business and we talked at the time when we first acquired it that we had some automotive business, we had some in heavy equipment, we had some in medical, where you can imagine, heavy equipment overall is a bit more of a challenging space. The team has just done an amazing job of pivoting their technology efforts, pivoting their sales coverage and applications coverage towards where the opportunities are and doing that both on their own and in collaboration with others in Amphenol. So, we're really excited. We're still small in sensors. We are still on a relative from a market share of the overall broad market for sensors. We still have just a very small position, and that's also exciting because it gives me great confidence that we can expand long term both organically as well as through our robust acquisition program.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Actually, Craig and I were in India recently. And we are just really pleased with how we've done in India. We've been in the mobile infrastructure in India. We're not new comers to that space. In fact, I think we've been from the greater part of a decade and a half participating in the Indian mobile infrastructure market, I mean, I personally have over the years spent a lot of time going to operators and OEMs in the Indian market. And I think that long-term patience and investment in the time, in the relationships and in the native creation of technology and great team that is there, that has positioned us really well in India. And we saw towards the tail half of last year, the beginnings of some good performance, and we have continued to see that this year. And our expectation is to have really – India be a good contributor to our mobile infrastructure business.
R. Adam Norwitt: Very good. Well thank you very much. And we truly appreciate everybody's attention today. And we wish that you all have a wonderful conclusion to the summer with hopefully a break between now and the next time that we see you for you and your families. Thanks again, and we'll talk to you in three months. Bye-bye.
Craig A. Lampo: Sure. I think, as it relates to 2016 and the second quarter, we're really pleased with the company's profitability achievement and we continue to be committed to achieving operating income margin expense and we've really done that in the last couple of years. Moving to 2016, as we've discussed, we've had an overall level of ROS and conversion margin that, although negatively impacted by the inclusion of the FCI that's at the lower – our company average, from kind of an organic perspective, we've really converted quite well into the second quarter. And certainly part of that strong sequential margin improvement that we've had 30% sequential quarter conversion into the second quarter, 80 basis point improvement, part of that really does relate to our organic business. I'm not going to talk about so much about 2017. We certainly still see improvement potential in the FCI business, and certainly that will happen over time, which essentially equates that happening into 2017. But I think right now, we're really happy with where we are. We performed at a very good level. And going forward I would expect, as you look at our guide for the second half, our conversion will continue into the second half of the year.
Craig A. Lampo: Yeah, I think normally from an SG&A perspective, certainly, we operate pretty efficiently and cost effectively from that perspective. SG&A is, I think, at a very effective rate for the sales. Our product development and technology expansion is very key in terms of how we spend our money from an SG&A perspective. I think if you look at the second half of the year, I would expect that, as a percentage of sales, that our SG&A would certainly continue to decline as we get leverage on the increased sales. From an absolute dollar perspective, I don't necessarily know that that would essentially go down on higher volumes.
Craig A. Lampo: Yes. Thanks. This is actually a good question. And I think your math actually is quite good in regard to that. FCI did add about $0.03, as I mentioned, and then we had the FX impact that Adam mentioned, which comes with it, a normal kind of a margin perspective and impacting us by about $0.02. And then you have essentially about – the difference essentially being the acquisition impact on the additional $40 million in the acquisitions that we did. A little bit lower profitability than the average of the company currently. So, that's why it brings a little bit less from an EPS accretion perspective.
Craig A. Lampo: Yeah, sure. Yeah, we are very pleased certainly with the growth and resulting profitability performance of the Cable segment. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, margin improved from 11.8% last year to $14.9%. I would say this three point increase -as again I mentioned in my prepared remarks reflects strong operating execution on this additional volume as the segment grew by about 11% related to the broadband market strength. The team really also did really a nice job to diversify the business since it's really higher margin products and maintained really a strong pricing discipline. I should also note that there was also some favorable impacts from commodities. I think if you look going into the second half of the year, Adam did mention that we expect that broadband market to moderate slightly into the second half. And as such, we would expect some moderation in the Cable segment profitability based on kind of normal conversions. But I would say based on the current commodity environment essentially – certainly if that doesn't change and demand environment doesn't change, then we would expect the profitability to be roughly in this range, flexing up and down based on whatever the volumes do.
Craig A. Lampo: Sure. Actually the answer is – in regard to any unusual items in the quarter is, no, we had no real unusual items of note that would have increased our cash flow. This is the cash flow that we achieved in the first quarter. It's really a great cash flow. We've actually – it's not really abnormal. We've had similar cash flow as a percentage of net income probably for the last number of quarters, going back probably a couple of years at least. So, I would say that this is probably a cash flow generation that we would expect going forward as well from the company. We generated a strong cash flow for the business. The company does really a great job using its – managing its working capital and certainly in order to really maximize the cash flow they are able to generate to be able to invest back into the business and through M&A and other things to use our cash for.
