R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much. Look I don't think we have seen any notable changes to the demand in Asia or in China. We have a very broad business on a global basis and we have a very broad and localized business as well in China. We have always prided ourselves on being a true local participant in the market. And that is part and parcel to the way that we're organized. Whether that is in North America, in Europe, in India, in China, wherever, we rely on local teams of entrepreneurial managers to run our business and that's really part of the real essence of the Amphenol culture. And how that manifests itself in places like China is just in a very positive fashion in that our team really is seen by Chinese customers, by global customers, as being not only a stable team, but one who truly understands the local market and can work on a level playing field with anybody else, including those local participants. If we look across the various markets, I would say that there haven't been anything notable in China. We haven't seen any notable slowdowns. There are always, in any given year, ups and downs, but we haven't seen anything that is markedly different than in other years.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, I think autos and industrial, I wouldn't group them, Craig, necessarily into just one category. I think we came into the year with a certain outlook on industrial and we're still standing behind that outlook. We still see that market as a kind of a mid-teens growth market for the year, and I think our team has just done a really wonderful job in that space. I think automotive, I did point out that we've seen just really a slight change to the negative in terms of the outlook from customers. I mean, this has been broadly reported. I don't think we're going to say anything different than what has been broadly talked about, but this is just a general reflection of a little bit of reduction in demand outlook as we head into second half and as we head, in particular, into the fourth quarter. When we look at our performance in automotive, I would say that, on a regional basis, we've been a bit stronger in North America and Asia, maybe a little bit weaker in Europe. I don't think that that is much different than also a lot of the broad reporting about the overall trends in the market. But what is just really important from our perspective, you can have always volumes going up and volumes going down and demand for volumes going up and down for a wide variety of reasons. And again, I think you all know many of those reasons. But what is critical for us is there is not a change in that adoption and the pace of adoption of electronics into cars and into industrial equipment. We continue to see just an incredible array of opportunities to really expand our position – irregardless of the overall trends, to expand our position long term by working with our customers on a very broad basis to enable new technologies; and, in the industrial market that's really with interconnect and sensors. In the automotive market, it's interconnect and sensors and antennas. And I think all of those trends that we in our company and others in the industry have benefited for such a long time; it's not that those trends are changing whatsoever. Now, I'm not going to be the one to try to give a prognosis about what volumes are going to be beyond here in the fourth quarter. There's lots of people who are much more expert than I am to do that. But what we clearly continue to see is the long-term trend of the adoption of electronics, the enhanced electronic functionality, new applications, new systems. That trend is certainly not changing or slowing down by any token.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. It's a really good point, and I have talked for many, many years about this market under the context of the fact that we are choosy in this market in such as that we will participate where there is really technology being embedded in the hardware of the mobile devices. And that's been a topic for, I think, the whole decade that I have been CEO of this company, which is our mobile device is eventually just kind of empty hosts for software. And we've always said that we will participate in those mobile devices where our technology, our capabilities really have value for the customer. And that will come when there's really a premium put on the hardware. And I think what you are seeing on a broad basis around the world is that the phone manufacturers, the service providers, they all know that you cannot just sell these sort of commoditized empty hosts for software and have any differentiating capability. You've got to have features in the phones. You've got to have features in the tablets. You've got to have features in the laptops and the wearables and all those various things that are mobile devices. And those features have very complex requirements. They require an incredible degree of precision. They require an incredible capability, both in design and manufacturing. And so, when we see our team really driving the success that they have here, I think it is exactly in line with our long-term expectations that hardware will continue to have real meaning to the proposition that phone manufacturers and operators make to their customers. And so, whether that's in China or whether that's in other places around the world, I think you do see lots of attempts at differentiating through the hardware, through the functionality of the devices, and we're there to support that in every place possible. And so, I think that underlying trend of hardware, there's no doubt about it, still a very positive trend for the company. Look, all that being said, and I said it in my prepared remarks and I will say it always till I'm blue in the face, it's a volatile market. And it's one where you've got to be extraordinarily agile and reactive to the demand requirements of your customer. And if you can do that consistently, be reactive, be supportive when they need you, and if you can do that with enabling capabilities and technologies, then you have a pretty good long-term position in this space. And I think that's been our recipe, so far, and will continue to be our recipe going forward.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thanks very much, Shawn. I mean with respect to mobile networks, as you heard, we had a very strong quarter in mobile networks. I would say that the strength that we saw was more North America and Asia related and Europe was not so strong in wireless. So, it wasn't necessarily regionally balanced. It was balanced across Asia and North America, but not so balanced across Europe. But that is maybe not necessarily surprising given the overall trends in that space, but we were just really happy with how that came out. We hadn't expected coming into the quarter. I think coming into the year, in fact, when we started out this year, we didn't have such a favorable view of the mobile networks market. And I think our team has just done an outstanding job of capitalizing on opportunities that have presented themselves to us, while also doing the really hard work of making sure that we're well-positioned for the future, and in particular, for the future of whatever that next generation is 5G or otherwise. And so that's – I think, the team has done just a really outstanding job here on really a global basis. Now, relative to M&A, I've said it many times. I mean we cannot control the timing of M&A. We continue to work very hard and we have an outstanding pipeline of M&A. But the fact that we didn't close any deals in the quarter should not be at all an indication of any change in appetite or change in strategy, change of approach, or change of opportunity. I would argue that 2017, we had a pretty good year in M&A. We bought quite a number of really good companies, understanding that as a percent of free cash flow it was maybe a little bit lower than the prior year, but in the prior year, we made the largest acquisition in the history of the company. So, I wouldn't read anything long-term into that and we continue to have a strong pipeline for M&A. And I will say that we continue to have just a very, very compelling proposition to those companies who really want to join and be a part of something great, to be a part of an organization that is extraordinarily hospitable to them as entrepreneurs, to be a part of a company that has just extraordinarily – extraordinary breadth and reach from a customer and geographical and technology perspective. It's a very, very compelling proposition for companies when they're deciding to whom do they want to sell and where do they want their company to end up. We're not going to win every deal that we've said all along. We're going to remain very disciplined on price regardless of environment and we've said that when interest rates were low. We'll say that as interest rates go up. We've said that when stock valuations were high, when stock valuations were low. We've been very consistent about that that we take a long-term approach to acquisitions in a way where we say we're going to get to know them very, very well. We're going to buy companies on the basis of great people, great product and great position. We're going to be very patient through those processes. And when we buy them, they're going to be ours for life. And that's a very, very important principle. And I think, it's been a consistently successful principle in our acquisition program.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, no question, Mark, appreciate that. Tariffs continue to be a thing. Unfortunately, it is what it is. I would just say that what I discussed last quarter in terms of our approach and our methodology to dealing with tariffs has not changed. And let me just remind everybody about that. I mean, first and foremost, tariffs are just a thing that happened. It's not something over which we have control. While we try to lend our voice very passionately to the debate about whether or not there should be tariffs, they are what they are. And so the question then is, how do you react to those tariffs? And what we have done in our company not surprisingly given our organization and how we choose to operate this company is, we've not taken a one-size-fits-all approach to dealing with the tariffs. We have really pushed down that decision-making to those – to the general managers around the world who are implicated, who have to deal with those tariffs. And then those who operate at that level are the best equipped to know the logistics, the manufacturing processes, the supply chain. How those products are made? Where they're shipped to? Who are the customers? And ultimately, who are the competitors? And thereby make wise and real-time decisions about the measures that one can take to mitigate. And there are really countless measures that one can take in this event, whether that is changing the location of manufacturing, changing where value is created, changing how things are flowing into what countries, or of course, adjusting price, which we do with a heavy heart to our customers, but which you must do sometimes. And I think that the combination of those very operation part-number-by-part-number specific initiatives has ultimately resulted in the third quarter when we had quite a lot of tariffs that we had to deal with in the company really not having any meaningful impact from those tariffs. And I think, when you see ultimately the operating margins of the company 20.9%, I mean, that is also a reflection of the fact that these tariffs did not have any meaningful damage to our financial position. Now there's new tariffs every day. There's more tariffs to deal with here in the fourth quarter and I'm sure there will be more next year. And one day hopefully this whole thing will get resolved. But right now, we're managing it because it is what it is. And so, as we move forward, if there are new tariffs, if there are new levels of tariffs, I'm confident that our team is going to work extremely hard in that same methodology, ultimately to make sure that Amphenol as a corporation is not harmed by what I consider relatively misguided policies.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, I don't have a number for you in terms of what percentage it is. But it has continued to grow at a faster pace than the rest, but I would tell you still it's smaller by some significance to our sales to equipment manufacturers. I think we've seen very broad-based growth in the IT datacom market in particular here in the third quarter. We saw really growth across all the different types of products. So whether that's storage, server, networking. I mean, those were all very strong double-digit growth in the quarter. And I wouldn't say that there was really a concentration of that into one or another type of customer, one or another region. It was very, very broad-based. And why is that? I mean, we certainly see, as I alluded to in my prepared remarks that, the degree of technology advantage that we have developed over a number of years and that included both acquisitions that we made, our own organic product development. The breadth of product offering that we have and the depth of that offering, all the products across the price-performance curve allows us and enables us to really be a strong, and really leading partner with our customers regardless of whether they are making a carrier class router on one side, or a blade server, a rack server on the other side and everything in between. And so, it's the strength of that product technology, together with the breadth of what we're able to offer those customers that has ultimately allowed us to have that more balanced and broad-based strength in the IT datacom market. I think, we feel very good about that position because it comes really at a time when the demands put on IT hardware on a global basis continue to accelerate. Just you can't pick up a paper lately without seeing some new innovation, some new development that is generating amounts of data that you can't even imagine. I think, I saw a story this week about this sort of deep space telescope which apparently is going to generate in a year as much data as the whole Internet today occupies. And you think about this sort of exponential growth of data that is being created and things like that, things like autonomous driving, things like video on the Internet, and high-definition video. And I think the matching of our unique and proprietary technologies together with that accelerated data traffic is ultimately the story that results in these results.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thanks very much, Matt. Look, I don't – I can't give you a timing of ramp of 5G, but what I can tell you is that our position is very strong. I mean, our team has been working for a number of years to make sure that our products are designed in on next-generation systems in the broadest sense possible. And if you think back about what is 5G from an equipment and a performance perspective. 5G is all about speed and latency. And to get really the levels of speed and the reductions in latency that are being really targeted from a 5G and to do that all at frequency sets that are much higher than current networks are operating which thereby requires much more density, I mean that's a lot of technology that gets embedded into these products. And the interconnect products that are used in those systems and are being designed into those systems just in certain cases have real step function performance requirements. And so I give a lot of credit to our organization, our engineers around the world who've worked with customers to make sure that our products are really front and center as they go through those design considerations. And look while you don't have a "5G" in the IT datacom space that we were just talking about with Mark's question, it's a very similar dynamic that you have to have really that leading product and that leading suite of products such that customers can rely upon your products to help their systems perform at these extremely high levels that everybody is hoping to achieve with 5G. When the timing is going to be and I can tell you we're involved in a lot of build-outs and systems and products where there may be what's called 5G ready, does that mean they are performing in 5G networks, probably not. But we already see customers producing equipment that is forwards compatible for 5G and things like that. So as usual in these generational changes in mobile networks there's a long lead up. There's a lot of test and validation, design work. And then the building out of that system, I think, starts to go slowly and eventually you'll have – then have some meaning to the overall spending environment. But when that's going to be is a little bit hard for us to predict.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I think in this case, the demand was better and our ability to execute on the demand was a bit better than we had anticipated. If you just think about the mechanics and logistics of in a 90-day period having an increase in sales of 70% in a market, which is not so small on an absolute basis. I mean, there's a lot of hard work involved. And I just cannot credit enough our organization, who really made that happen. And when we say make it happen in Amphenol that has a real meaning to the people inside the Amphenol organization. And they really made it happen here. I mean, whether that is getting the production lines in place, getting the right people in place, getting the factories set-up, I mean, all the things that are required. And this is a team, where this is not their first rodeo, either, as you know, very well, Amit. I mean, this – we're used to having these significant increases, but it doesn't make them any easier. It just makes you maybe a little bit more confident, in hindsight, that you can do it, again, when it comes around. But again, the simple answer to your question, I think, this was probably less us having to bail people out like we've done in the past and more the volumes being a little bit better and our ability to execute on those volumes being a little bit better on a broad basis.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, there's a lot in that, but let's just be a little specific about what tariffs and when. As you know, there've been three lists of tariffs. There was what was called List 1, List 2, and then List 3. And if you look at the products that are in those – in List 1, there was a product line called connectors. So – and that was already at 25%. So List 1 and 2 were at 25%. It was List 3 that has this sort of step one at 10%, and then the second step is 25%. Are customers kind of hoarding or overbuying, in that instance? We haven't seen that, necessarily. Could there be some on the margins? I suppose there could be some, but that's also constrained by just the ability to support those demands. And it's not that you have infinite capacity to support that pull in of demand. Obviously, we'll do whatever we can with our customers. And also bear in mind that the tariffs are due when the product moves into the U.S., which is not always necessarily when you sell it to the customer. And so, that dynamic that you described is just not as clear. And we haven't seen any real clear indications of that pulling forward. I think the bigger question around tariffs, and that's one that I'm really not well equipped to answer, is what ultimately is the effect of these tariffs? Where does it resolve? Does that ultimately have any macro economical effects? Does it have other effects? Those are all things that are probably above my pay grade to think about, or at least to make a forecast about. But I think how we deal with the 10%, how we deal with the 25% of that List 3, it's going to be the same way we've dealt with the tariffs that have come so far. And we've had significant products that have been susceptible to those tariffs. Again, not forgetting about the fact that, by and large, the vast majority of what we make we make and sell in the same region. And that's part of the strategy that we've always taken of being localized to our customers, and so we're not talking about an enormous proportion of our business here; far from that. But there is some that we have to deal with and I think we've dealt with it well so far, and our team will continue to fight like heck to do so regardless of what tariff levels come.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, I mean, one to two points organic, I guess, it's kind of hard for me to say is that market or content. But as I said earlier, we don't see any signs of content slowing down. I mean, far from it. We continue to see new electronic systems being adopted into cars. So I guess, without knowing exactly what the drivers of the one or two points of organic change, I would say that it's probably the market. And I think I said earlier that we continued to see – have a very favorable view, long-term, towards the continued expansion of electronic content in cars around the world. And what the market will be, what the total value – or total units of cars is going to be, that's much harder for us to predict. But I think we still feel comfortable that content is going to continue to grow.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thank you. No, I think we've talked about that for a couple of quarters and it's a well reported – as you correctly point out, it's a very well-reported discussion about, in particular, passives and, I guess, some semiconductors. We have not seen any meaningful impact on the demand of our customers due to these shortages that are so widely reported. I think we're still performing very strongly. On an absolute basis, our growth has probably accelerated over the course of the year, and I think that that's a sign that it hasn't been any real meaningful impact. Have our people spent a little bit more time because there are some of these passives and other assorted components that we once in a while buy for some of our more advanced products? Sure, our sourcing team around the world is working maybe a little bit of overtime to make sure that we don't have any impact on our supply to customers. But the sort of ancillary question of, are customers buying less from us, in general, because they can't get the matching component, while there may be an odd anecdote about that, I can't say that that's had any meaningful impact to the performance.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you. Look I don't think I would say anything different about the sentiment than is reflected in our guidance here for the fourth quarter, which I think continues to be a very strong guidance. I think our customers continue to be very positive, at least, the ones that I have interfaced with and I visit lots of customers on a very frequent basis. I think our customers are continuing to look for us to do the same thing that we've done in many cases, which is to deliver to them enabling technologies that helps them to get their systems to operate at higher levels. We've talked about that with IT, with mobile networks, but the same is true in military where we've done a fantastic job to both produce and design advanced technology products, but also to satisfy a level of demand that probably that industry hasn't seen for quite some time. We talked about that in automotive as well where customers while there's been some slight moderation in the overall demand that demand for new technologies has really not changed, so. And I could go through the markets, all of them, and all reflect on the fact that I think our customers are very positive about the future. Our customers are very thirsty for next-generation technologies. If there are short-term swings in demand that is what it is I think for some of them.
R. Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much Jim. I mean, as I've said before, we don't have perfect visibility into the warehouses of our customers. We do see the inventory levels of a good degree of our distribution channel and I think their inventories seem healthy, nothing really notable in our distributors. Look, with all the things that you very astutely pointed out, things like tariffs and the various lead-times and double bookings and all of that, I think a lot of those things are much more related to these passives and semiconductors that Deepa alluded to. Remember that our industry is a different industry and the way we run our company is, once again, a little bit different. It's not a capital-intensive industry and certainly the way that we run Amphenol is not in a capital-intensive fashion. Our ability to react and to adjust to changes in demand, be those on the upside which is a bit more fun, but also on the downside, is really a reflection of that agility that we have from manufacturing perspective. And owing to that agility, we're able to keep our lead-times relatively stable. There are some anecdotes that once in a while where lead-times will go out and I think we've maybe seen a little bit of lead-time stretch in the military market with the extraordinary increase in demand there. But by and large, the way that we operate and the way that the interconnect industry operates is very different from the semiconductor and the passives industry. And thus, I think you see a healthier supply chain behavior with respect to those things that you mentioned, like double booking and other items (59:11).
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, I would just say that we always operate in a very efficient fashion. I think I just – when we just talked with Jim about inventory levels, I mentioned that from a capital spending it's not a capital-intensive business. The way that we operate our factories is a fast and flexible fashion. So from that perspective, we're always operating lean. And that's part and parcel to the Amphenol culture. It's not that we try to get ahead of things and build huge capacities and then wait for the orders to come and nor do we when times are good, burst at the seams and can't support our customers. So we try always to scale our operational infrastructure to the demands of the customers regardless of what cycle we're in. And I think when you look over a long time period at the performance of the company, especially during volatile economic times, you'll see that that reflects exactly that principle ultimately in the numbers.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I think I would answer it even more broadly, which is, we don't do M&A. We don't hunt for potential new family members in Amphenol in a way that is trying to chase the market, a hot market or run away from the market that has maybe lost favor in the electronics industry. We take a very, very long-term view towards acquisitions. Our criteria for acquisitions remains very consistent. I alluded to it earlier. We look for great people. We look for great products or in other words technology and we look for fantastic market position. And sometimes we'll make acquisitions when it's perceived to be the right time and sometimes we'll make acquisitions when it's not perceived to be the right time. And that's all part and parcel of a strategy that says we're buying these companies for the long-term, which is really for a permanent basis. We believe in Amphenol that when we make these acquisitions, we're getting married for life to those companies and to those organizations. And so whether you buy that in one quarter when that's the right place to be or in another quarter where it's not as much of the right place to be that for us is less important. So if the right company comes along, fabulous entrepreneurs, great products, great market position and that happens to be in China or that happens to be in a market space that is not necessarily the hottest space of the moment, we're not going to shy away from that. And along with that I will tell you, regardless, we're always going to be reasonable in terms of our valuation and disciplined in terms of the process of the acquisition. And I think that approach, which is really an approach that is agnostic to short-term variations in market trends and environments is one that has served us very well over the long term. Now, if there are governmental impediments that are put in place, very significant governmental impediments that are put in place, obviously we're not blind to that. And we would be very sensitive to that because any company that we buy, we want to make sure that there are not structural impediments to success. But I don't think we see that in any geography today of any significance.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, that's very nice. And again, thank you all very much and we truly appreciate your time today and your interest in the company. And I wish you all a very enjoyable fall season and that we will look forward to seeing you just at the beginning of 2019. Thank you all very much.
