R. Norwitt: Sure. Well, Commercial Aero represents now roughly about 1/4 of that business. And as I said, we are very excited to see real progress in Commercial Aero and we have really great outlook for that market going forward. I was actually just last month at Paris Air Show and I think we saw at that air show just record orders for new jet liners. There's a tremendous momentum that seems behind the Commercial Aero market today and I think that gives us a lot of optimism leading forward. Even this morning, I think the largest aircraft order in history was placed just this morning to both Boeing and Airbus. So we feel very, very good about that Commercial Aero market. And the new technologies that are embedded in these new aviation platforms are something that we feel very well positioned to take advantage of for the future and really look forward to that market going forward.
R. Norwitt: Look, I mean, we are everyday adjusting our resources based on the opportunities. And certainly we recognize that defense budgets are under pressure. I mean, our country does not appear to be able to make a budget, let alone to say what that budget will be. So clearly we thought in the first quarter that with the budget passing that, that would bring some relief and that the orders would begin to become more strongly. Clearly now with all the governmental negotiations in the background, the budgets have not yet been released and there continues to be a tremendous amount of uncertainty in that market. Long term with the Military market, we're still extremely committed to that market. We believe that there is, and we continue to see that there is a tremendous explosion of electronics activities in that market. We are participating still on all the major platforms and really enabling these new electronics. In addition, I've spoken about it in the past that Military is not just a U.S., a U.K. or Western Europe phenomenon. We see a lot of opportunities in the Military market. In the long term, in emerging markets and we are very well positioned to take advantage of those. But obviously we will continually adjust our sort of feet on the street, the engineering resources, the sales resources, all across the board to attack those growth opportunities and that's the beauty of Amphenol. The beauty of the agility of our organization is such that we are not sort of locked in organizationally to one or another market or segment within that market. We're constantly reapportioning people to go after the growth segments. And within the Military, there continues to be very, very strong growth segments. Things like unmanned aerial vehicles, things like upgraded communication systems, the new jetliner, new avionics systems and these are still areas of the Military where we see tremendous strength. And obviously we reapportion our engineering, our technology development, our sales resources very rapidly to sort of redeploy onto these exciting opportunities. And with that, I'm very confident that regardless of what will happen long term with the budgets, we're going to continue to be very, very well positioned in that market.
R. Norwitt: No, I think Diana mentioned that we took headcount reduction in certain end markets where we did not see the demand coming. That's how we act. We are not running the company monolithically. So we have certain operations that saw not the expectation. The expectations that they had were not really realized and so clearly we take very quick and proactive measures in those operations to reduce the headcount and in this case, especially in light of the fact that some of that expectation was in western markets where you have defense-related with more western headcount, that's an area where we took very proactive measures and that certainly has some cost to it. But we are going to continue to constantly readjust our workforce at the operating unit level subject to what the demand profiles are in those markets. I mean, we are very proud of the total growth of the company, to grow as we did on a quarter-to-quarter basis in excess of our original expectations. But there were some parts of the company that didn't and they're going to take the actions that are necessary to secure also their margins.
R. Norwitt: Clearly acquisitions remain for us a very, very high priority in terms of the use of our cash, and Diana has talked about that in the past. I mean, that's clearly our top priority. But as we have mentioned many times, the sequencing and the timing of these acquisitions is always impossible to predict. We are clearly focused very hard and it's not just me, it's Diana, it's really our management team on finding and executing upon those acquisitions that are available to us and I think our pipeline today is extremely strong. We are very, very pleased that there are opportunities out there. Our pricing for acquisitions, has it gone up, has it gone down? It really depends on the individual case, it depends what type of a seller you have. It depends on what type of universe of buyers you have. And there's no question that private equity companies can borrow more money today than they can 2 years ago. Does that make their price that they're willing to pay go up? Yes. Does that always impact us? No. Because we are incubating these deals in many cases over a long time period, we're having a real kind of ongoing dialogue. In the end, we are going to pay a fair price and we're not going to win every acquisition, but we have won over the last decade more than 50 of them and we are very, very optimistic that going forward we will continue to have them. Will they come in the second quarter and the third quarter and the fourth quarter? I mean, that we cannot predict for you, Jim. But I can tell you that, that does not at all change in terms of the prioritization of our use of cash in the company.
R. Norwitt: Yes. I mean, look, the beauty of our company is we are very diversified and the diversification of Amphenol has always been really -- not just a real strategy of our management team but a real asset for the company. And there's no question. In any given quarter, some markets can be stronger than others and you see that in the consistency of the results. But clearly within each market, there can be ups and downs. I think as we sit today, I won't repeat myself from all the markets that I talked about, because I talked through each of those where we see them, but clearly there are ones like mobile phones, IT, where we feel that there is a good momentum, Automotive has good momentum, Industrial has a good momentum. We wish that the government would have a quicker ability to make budgets and thereby could get rid of some of the caution in the defense industry, feel strong about Commercial Aero. I mean, there is a real diverse in these markets. Overall, I think to your question, with an overall sense, I am not a macroeconomist so I'm not going to tell you my views on the economy, but I can tell you that we continue to believe that the opportunities in our industry and the opportunities in the electronics industry are fabulous. And those are really fabulous long-term because we see that there is a real revolution of electronics being proliferated into all aspects of life. And so whether that be in a fighter jet or in a smartphone, the new functionalities that are being driven and really being driven by end consumers are creating demand for our products. And we are matching that with leading technology innovation. And our technology innovation is accelerating. It is clearly accelerating as we push the limits of performance on new products in high-speed, as we push the limits on power efficiency, as we push the limits of products that can be put into harsh environment, in ROS environment. Our technology innovation machine is really running at high speed today to capitalize on those growth segments of the market that we see. So in overall, I feel very good about the market. I think the economy is going to be what it's going to be and we're going to deal with it as it comes.
R. Norwitt: No, I wouldn't say that we have seen any significant inventory buildups. Again, we don't have full visibility into the warehouses of our customers. We have some visibility into the distribution channel, which is less than 15% of our sales. And there, we haven't seen anything out of the ordinary.
R. Norwitt: Yes, just to answer your last question first. Did you mean by dollar content -- geographically, obviously the U.S. military budget is -- represents, I think, more than half if not 2/3 of the worldwide defense budget. So that's -- and our business is not so different in terms of reflection of total defense budget. But clearly international is -- there are 2 types of international story. You have certain western geographies where they are under the similar budget pressures as the United States and you can expect that there will be military budget pressures there as well. On the other hand, the emerging markets, places like India, places like the Middle East, we see real tremendous opportunities in those markets and we're very happy that our positioning in those markets is not just a sort of Johnny come lately kind of a position. We are very, very well entrenched in many of those markets today to participate and believe that from that perspective, that can be actually a real help to the business long-term.
R. Norwitt: Just to be clear, I think when I talked about our outlook into the third quarter, I think I said that mobile infrastructure, we expect to be sort of stable with current levels and we expect the Mobile Devices to be up. So maybe that was just a slight difference. I think the optimism relative to IT and relative to Mobile Devices is not unrelated. I think that the proliferation of Mobile Devices is really driving in the IT a kind of a renewal of some spending. That spending is not across the board. Clearly, there is, in IT, we saw a couple of quarters in a row where we do not see that kind of sequential strength. We are very pleased to finally see that this quarter. And our position, especially in networking equipment and storage equipment with high-speed products, that has helped us in the second quarter to see that, finally, the sequential growth. And we expect to see further sequential growth going into the third quarter as companies continually have to upgrade especially their networking and their storage equipment. Relative to Mobile Devices, I think there is just a real expansion still of smartphones even if there are massive share shift that happened among the various vendors within that market, we're very pleased that we participate essentially with all of them and so we're able to enjoy the upside that comes when one or another wins or loses. And I think in general, we're seeing in these smart mobile devices that there is continually an acceleration. I mean, you saw yesterday in the big earnings release of yesterday just how that strong momentum can come in these new devices.
R. Norwitt: Let me also just add that the 19.4% given all that there is in the environment is actually a fantastic achievement for the company, but it's not one that we're satisfied with. And so just to reiterate what Diana said, our management team is driving everyday to offset that. Offset the raw material prices, offset the labor increases in China, offset the currency shifts that are there. And clearly that is the real fight. This is in many ways the battle that they are doing. But I have a tremendous confidence that our organization as it is, is more than 70 general managers, each of them being able and empowered to attack every element of cost, are going to find a way to do that. Can that come without volume? That makes it obviously much harder. But there is a clear commitment around the organization, one that Diana and I are driving, reviewing, really working together with our sleeves up with them to make that happen.
R. Norwitt: Yes. No question about that. And relative to China, I mean, no doubt we are looking at every element of how do we offset these labor increases. And that can come through automation, that can come through driving more efficiencies in the factories and it can come from relocating facilities. And we have a tremendous effort ongoing to find new places for certain of our facilities and those are really in the middle of progress. And as you know, we don't consolidate all of these facilities. We have 24 of them around China in different regions. The good fortune that we have in having done that is that each individual place has different time schedules for increases, different dynamics that go along with the cost. And so as we seek to move production to lower cost, either lower cost areas of China or lower cost into different regions, it is not such a cataclysmic change where you have to move this monstrous facility. It is more the ongoing normal course of business movement of production from one facility to another. That is done on a more sort of business unit level within Amphenol. And clearly though, that is an area where we spend a lot of our focus, there are opportunities in other parts of China, which we have done extensive reviews of. And we have actually teams on the ground in several of those places even today looking at new facilities and new places where you can reduce the labor within China. The thing is China remains for us a significant marketplace. A lot of our customers are producing in China, and in fact, the end market of China has become a very significant market for Amphenol. And so to say that you move out of China and export into China, that also doesn't necessarily make a tremendous amount of sense. But clearly, you've got to go to those parts of China where the labor availability is such, where the cost of labor is such that you can get a benefit. And that's something that we are clearly driving over the course of the next quarter and beyond to make sure that we can offset these labor increases. The increases this year were particularly strong and acute. They were coupled with tax increases. They were coupled with other benefit increases. So there was a lot to chew on this year in China. But I can tell you that our team is one that can clearly manage through that over the long term.
R. Norwitt: The short answer to the last part of your question is, no, it was not. I mean, our Mobile Devices is such a short life cycle business. We are very careful in that business in terms of how we run the business in every aspect. We've run the business to a business which lasts between 3 and 6 and 9 months for each product life cycle. So you're not going to build up 3, 6 months of inventory on something that only has a 6-month life cycle. So no, that was not an inventory issue. I can tell you that running that Mobile Devices business is really one of the most nimble, agile organizations that we have. They are constantly reallocating people to different customers constantly reapportioning engineering resources. Because what we don't try to do and I think I've said this many times, Matt, we are not trying to guess which is going to be the hit product on the market. We're just trying to be on the hit product by being on as many of the products as possible. And that means you've got to do this in a very low cost environment. Essentially, we do all of our engineering in Asia for this non -- I mean, high-cost areas. We have very lean customer coverage teams who are there to really be, again, constantly reallocating their time to those accounts where there is the opportunity. We just -- we never know which model is going to be successful. I mean, so many times we have thought one would not be successful and it was a wild success and vice versa. It's a very, very exciting market Mobile Devices. Because as you think about it, the technology, the transformation of the technology, given the short life cycle of the product is such that we can constantly innovate and constantly be gaining share, gaining position with new customers as we then create new technologies that help them enable the functionality of their end device. And that's something that Amphenol and our organization just does so well. And we have a tremendous reception from our customers. And then in the end, you have to execute and the execution on those new designs means you've got to ramp as quickly as the customer needs you to ramp. Sometimes you've got to double your capacity from what they originally told you to do. How do you do that in a less capital-intensive way? How do you do that in a rapid way where maybe others don't have the flexibility in how they do business? That has been a tremendous asset for us and has allowed us to really capitalize on what has been just a wonderful trend for the business. Now we certainly don't expect that always to grow 36% year-over-year. I mean, that -- clearly the law of large numbers would take hold. But we do expect to always be participating very strongly in that market and we're very excited about that market going forward.
R. Norwitt: The tablet has been a great story for us. Obviously, we did not participate so strongly in things like laptop computers and PCs and to the extent that tablets, which we view really as an extension of a smartphone in its functionality and the technology that needs to be embedded in it, those tablets have, I believe, replaced to some extent, the purchases or at least the replacement cycles of products that we never participated in the past. And so net-net that has been a real positive for us. I think tablets are a product where the end customer and thereby the equipment manufacturers demand on technology on the ability to ramp, the things that I just spoke about, they're magnified even more than they are in a smartphone. And so to that extent, our ability again to execute and to deliver the strong technologies in tablets is something that I think our customers very, very much appreciate. And that translates then into getting the good position. Obviously, there appears to be one who has had the most successful tablet but that doesn't mean that that's the only one that we're going to work on. We work on many, many of these applications. In the end, it appears that customers migrate towards one of those models.
R. Norwitt: Yes. I mean, I would say that if we look at the second quarter performance, which obviously year-over-year was muted but sequentially we thought was very strong, that is a result of all of the above. It's new products that we have developed and we have been talking a lot about the new high-speed products that our company has been developing over many, many years. I think over the course of the last year, we have accelerated those efforts beyond just [indiscernible] products into I/Os, cable assemblies, where we are really creating for our customers an end-to-end high-speed solution. I think that real uplift that we are seeing from those efforts is something that's helping us out. In addition, we continue to drive the relationship of those customers, the total solution with those customers allows us to take share with them. There are ups and downs clearly in the IT market. I mentioned we saw networking and storage to be very strong, servers I wouldn't say was as strong in the quarter but that's going to keep happening. Those will come up and down. For us, the mission is to really get the content with these new high-speed products. And I think regardless of how that goes, which customers win, which share, that will position us very, very well for the future.
R. Norwitt: Yes. I think I wouldn't necessarily say that that's what we saw. I mean, in the first quarter March tends be a pretty big -- sorry, in the second quarter, we tend to have are pretty good performance towards the end of the quarter. And we didn't see anything different, it didn't trend differently than we would have expected it to. I think that resulted in us surpassing our guidance in our original expectation. But I wouldn't say that, that necessarily has seen any difference from what we would have expected.
R. Norwitt: No. I mean, Asia continues to perform very, very well. I think if you look at the markets where we have had good growth over the quarter. Mobile Devices clearly is something where most of those products are going to ship into Asia because that's where they all get made. But at the same time, we saw double-digit growth in Europe. We saw good performance in North America. We mentioned, and I think Diana mentioned in her remarks, and I as well, that we are very pleased especially in the cable segment of the business to see a real acceleration of growth in several emerging markets, in particular in Latin America. And I think those markets are going to be strong markets for us going forward. I mean, you look at a place like Brazil, which has World Cup and Olympics and all these things coming up over the course of the coming years, I think that, that really is going to create a lot of momentum behind things like telecom infrastructure, Aerospace, Automotive. I mean, Broadband as well. So I think we will see real contributions from those emerging markets continuing to be there that we have seen over the last -- over many, many years actually. Well, very good. Again, we very much appreciate all of your interest in the company, wish you a pleasant summer holiday season for those who takes a holiday. And for the rest, we look forward to seeing all of you in 3 months from now. Thank you very much.
Diana Reardon: They were more towards the end of the quarter and we will have some further actions that would probably be taken at the beginning of this quarter or around now. So they were not taken at the beginning of last quarter.
Diana Reardon: Yes. I think, Jim, I mean, we make good margin on all of our products. I mean, there are sometimes different mix. I mean, if you look at the North American sort of base markets, the margins may be slightly higher but the tax rates are also higher. So I think on a net-net basis when we look at contribution to profitability, there's not a significant difference. One significant difference though is, I think that Adam just mentioned, is when we do have to take action relative to volume levels, those actions are a little bit more expensive clearly in developed markets and the things we do those in developed markets tend to be more on things like defense. So I think that, that certainly there is a little bit of pressure as I mentioned in the prepared comments from materials and also from the cost of taking these actions on margin.
Diana Reardon: Sure. I mean, I think that we certainly have worked very hard at pricing over the last 6 to 9 months and certainly had some success with pricing actions in certain markets. I think that the mix demand environment has made in certain parts of the business pricing harder. But clearly it continues to be a focus. I think that when we talked about profitability for this quarter, clearly the pressures from a cost perspective more than offset the pricing actions that we were able to realize in the quarter. I think that our guidance assumes at this point, a continuation of the margin levels that we've seen in Q2. As we move into Q3, we will continue to have some additional costs relating to some of the headcount actions that we will be completing early in Q3. I think that we would hope that as we move into Q4 that the benefit of these cost reduction actions perhaps pricing and then if the material environment were to stabilize more at these current levels, then it maybe in the end that the Q4 expectation that we have from an ROS perspective may prove to be a conservative one. But I think we feel at this point in time, that the guidance that we've given for the second half which essentially incorporate the Q2 ROS levels is the right one to give at this moment.
Diana Reardon: Well, I mean, I think this is what we see today. We have a very bottoms up forecasting process and I think that one can go back and look, I guess, to see what normal Q4 seasonality has then. I think that one of the Q4 upticks typically from the seasonality's standpoint, I think those tend to be in the defense market, which tends because it's North American, European based, to have a more sequentially down Q3 and then a sequentially up Q4. I think based on the current environment, we haven't incorporated that kind of a step up to much of the degree in the guidance. And so based on the market mix we see right now, and this is what we're expecting clearly when we get closer to Q4, and we'll have a better view. But we think that this is the type of sequential expectation we have at the time.
Diana Reardon: Yes, I mean as you know, we don't really quantify these things, Shawn, because we don't like to do these sort of GAAP and non-GAAP measures. So we only call out things that are really huge and really sort of unusual, excuse me. But I think that you can assume that a portion of sort of this ROS decline relates to this item and I think we also pointed out the fact that we have these material cost increases that are -- that we have not been able to fully offset with our other actions. And I think those 2 items, the cost of the headcount reduction and this net cost that sort of left that we haven't been able to either take out or price through are what has contributed to the ROS change into Q2 versus where we were last year.
Diana Reardon: Yes. I mean, I think that our expectation is that with these actions that we're taking on the parts of the business that are experiencing softer demand, I mean, this certainly should help if materials actually will stabilize, not continued to decline. This certainly will help. We continue to work on pricing. I think that some volumes certainly never hurts either. So, I mean, I think it's going to be a combination of those things. I mean, we as a management team, work extremely hard every day to maximize the performance of the company. And I think this quarter, we achieved new records in 3 areas: orders, sales and earnings per share. We would have loved to achieve new records in ROS also, but the environment right now is a little bit more tougher. So we are continuing to work towards margin expansion as we look down the road. It's just in the near term certainly it is tougher. But we have not given up at all on that goal, which has been a long-term goal for the company.
Diana Reardon: Yes, I think that we don't quantify these charges. As you know, I know a lot of others do point these out on reconciliations and so forth with their press releases. We just don't believe that that's an appropriate thing to do. I mentioned it because it is a contributing factor in the spread. And in terms of whether or not they'll be higher or lower next quarter, I think they're around the same next quarter. We're essentially taking actions kind of late this quarter or late Q2, early Q3 as appropriate now that we have seen some shift in terms of that mix in demand [indiscernible] operations that are just not going to be at the volume levels that we anticipated to be at. And so we feel it's important to take these actions quickly so that we get those appropriate cost structures and get the benefit down the road. So I think that we will in both Q2 and Q3, have some pressure as a result of this that after that point won't be there. But you can just assume that it's a part of that spread between the prior year ROS and the current year ROS.
Diana Reardon: The defense market certainly is one of the areas where headcount adjustments are appropriate and are being taken. The acquisition adjustment is one of many units that operate in this business. And I would say, I think it's fair to say, that the vast majority of our units that are in that particular market do have some action that needs to be taken including the one that we had this earn-out accrual adjustment for.
