Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thank you very much, Wamsi. Look, we were very encouraged by the orders this quarter. And as I mentioned, our 1.12 book-to-bill far and away, the biggest driver of that was a very significant book-to-bill that we saw in the IT datacom market. And no doubt about it, I mean there's a significant portion of that, that is being driven by AI. And this is existing programs that we've already won, new programs that we are winning, a really broad array of momentum that we have across AI. And I think -- I'm just so proud of our team, who is leveraging our leading position in high speed and power to really continuing to win in these extraordinarily complex systems. And, yeah, as it relates to your question on the third quarter and the guide related to our sales, we shouldn't forget, these are some of the most complex interconnect products ever built that we are making in many cases. And they have to be that because what our end customers are trying to achieve with AI is really phenomenal. I mean, the phenomenal array of growth of these next-generation models that are being trained, the intensity of the interconnect, the requirements of both speed, high -- ultra-high-speed, ultra-low latency, the complexity of these systems, because you're effectively having to connect every GPU or TPU or whatever it may be to every other one in order to create this sort of fabric-like network. There is an enormous amount of technology involved in these things. And we've talked about also in the past that for some of these systems, it requires also some meaningful investments upfront. And while our CapEx last quarter was kind of in line with our normal historical, I think Craig did mention that we continue to expect some elevated CapEx here in the second half. And so I would say that the orders that we're getting from customers in many ways they have slightly opened the order aperture to maybe give us more confidence in, kind of, extending ourselves in those investments and as well in order to make sure that these significant new products with all the challenges associated with them that we're building the right capacities in order to do that. And I'm not talking about massive extensions in these order apertures, but these are not necessarily just orders for the next quarter alone. And so as we look at our order book, we look at our backlog related to AI, I mean it gives us confidence not just for the quarter ahead, but for a long-term to come.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Amit. I mean, look, the answer is all of the above. I mean at the end of the day, there are folks who are spending money to build AI data centers. And those tend to play down to the chip companies. And I think what's unique about AI is these systems are so much more complicated, there's so much more technology embedded in them that, in fact, we are working through the stack of that entire chain in making sure that our products are doing the right thing at each level. And so I think from that perspective, it's a little bit unique compared to traditional IT datacom, where we work with just OEMs or just service providers. I say here, we work with companies up and down the stack and in significant ways, let me say that. In terms of the growth over prior year, I mean, you've characterized our growth, which is just over $300 million on a year-over-year basis. And I think what I -- how I described that was the vast majority of that growth really came out of AI. And we've been careful not to just put specific numbers. In fact, it's not always easy to tell what is exactly AI and what is exactly not AI. And so we've tried to be a little bit more directional about those numbers. And I think we've been consistent about that from really the beginning of the sort of advent of this revolution. But I think you can safely say, it's the vast majority of our growth on a year-over-year basis. And then on a sequential basis, just to give another data point, I would say that the strong majority of our growth on a sequential basis, but not all of it. And we were encouraged on a sequential basis as well to see some growth in the base IT demand, which has been a long time coming. I think we all know, I mean that was not the easiest of markets over the last, I don't know, six to eight quarters. And it's encouraging for us to finally see meaningful growth from that sort of base IT investments, which we always expected would when they come. But no doubt about it, the vast majority of year-over-year, the strong majority of our sequential growth has come out of AI.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well thank you, very much Samik. Look and I'm just going to -- from a vernacular perspective, we'll call this Andrew. So it's not to confuse as anybody because we're not buying all of CommScope for buying the mobile networks business from CommScope which is essentially Andrew that was acquired by them in 2007. And Andrew is just a fabulous, fabulous company. I mean as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a rich legacy of technology and outstanding enabler of all the generations. I mean they go back all the way to 1G and 2G and 3G and 4G and now 5G as a core partner in enabling those next-generation networks and I think yes, for the last year or 1.5 years, we've seen more muted demand in mobile networks. We're encouraged to see that now. I'm not going to tell you that we're smart enough to have timed exactly this announcement to exactly when we started to see that market turn. I think that's more coincidental. This is a company that we have admired for a long, long, long time. It's a fabulous organization with fabulous people, fabulous technology. So that's not -- it's that -- we saw the market turning and then we decided to acquire it, but quite the contrary. These are lengthy discussions. So the why now, I think is not necessarily. I wouldn't tell you that there is a now. It just happened that this was the right time for them and the right time for us in how these discussions go. But the long term, I will say this, the long term for mobile networks is something that we do believe in as a component of the broad diversified presence that we have across the entire range of the electronics industry. And the fact is, all these things that we're talking about, be they AI or next-generation communications or mobile devices or whatever. We are accessing these things by and large through mobile networks today, not through fixed line. And by the way we cover fixed line. We still have our broadband business as a way to make sure that we're present whenever people are getting Internet through a cable or otherwise. But we've always said, we want to be present in a high-technology way as a partner to our customers in every way that people are accessing data. And over the long term, there's no doubt in my mind that the highest growth way that people are going to access data is through -- is in a disconnected fashion through mobile networks. And yes, there's 5G today, where there's still a lot of work to be done to build that out. There will be a 6G, there will be a 7G, there will be an 8G. I've been in the company long enough to have watched these generations unfold and we want to be a participant in that. Doubling down. I mean sure, this is going to significantly expand our position in the mobile networks market which I would argue today is somewhat underrepresented 4% of our sales last quarter. But this is not doubling down for all of Amphenol in that respect. After we make this acquisition mobile networks may represent somewhere in the high single digits roughly of our sales. And I would also put that into context that over the last 18 months, we've made -- now we've completed 12 acquisitions and we've signed two others Lutze Europe and now Andrew to be -- that we'll be closing in the future. And we've made these acquisitions across the range of Amphenol of the served markets that we have, but in particular with the acquisition of CIT and a number of our other industrial markets those kind of slower cycle markets of commercial, air, defense, industrial, automotive those have been a little bit more concentrated there. And we do believe that having balanced across the faster cycle markets and the slower cycle markets, the communications markets being the faster ones, we think that balance is a very great thing for the company long-term and it allows us to continue to have great exposure to every corner of the electronics market. While not having overexposure and thereby being overly susceptible to risk should there be a problem in any given market. So we think this is a great strategic acquisition from a product technology perspective. It's great from a global customer relationship perspective. And it's great for overall Amphenol and what it brings. Not to mention that the 4,000 people that one day will join our organization, many of whom have worked for the company all the way back to the time when it was in fact Andrew they're going to make fantastic Amphenolians in the future.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much Luke. Yeah. Look starting with orders. I mean, we were encouraged actually, I think I can't tell you how long it's been but to have a positive book-to-bill in the industrial market and not just like 101:1. It was like a decently positive book-to-bill that we had in industrial. So that I would say is encouraging sign number one. I would say encouraging sign number two is that we saw with our distributors in particular on a sequential basis. But even on a year-over-year basis, growth in demand from our distributors, the demand they put upon us. And that's a great early indication that the kind of inventory corrections that were happening with the end customer and in the distribution channel those seem to be largely behind us. And I never want to be the guy to call a bottom, let me say that. But I'm encouraged that we actually had meaningful growth on a sequential basis in distribution from the first quarter, and when I say meaningful I'm talking about high-teens kind of growth rate on a sequential basis from distribution. And that's broadly from distribution, but also from the distribution that is within industrial. So I think those are good signs. If you look at our guide here for the third quarter, yes, we were on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter organically down, but we were actually up slightly sequentially in industrial. And then our guide for the third quarter would have us be kind of flattish sequentially on an organic basis. I mean, I talked about the fact that we will grow but that growth is really driven by the new acquisitions. So look this is not to say that all is perfect in industrial, but I think the cognition of the orders and the behavior of distributors those are two pretty good early signs. And as we get into the third quarter 90 days from now and we see how that goes, we'll certainly try to be able to give everybody a little bit more visibility to whether that is in fact happening. The last thing I would say is you mentioned geographical. There's no doubt that the industrial trends are diverging geographically. So we actually saw organic growth in the quarter on a sequential basis in North America and Asia and we saw continued organic declines in Europe. And so I think Europe is certainly not out of the woods right now, but it's encouraging that we see this in distribution. North America has maybe a little bit more distribution than Europe does and to see also the growth that we're seeing now in Asia.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. No, look, I think in any company there's a process a regulatory process and they operate in a lot of countries, because they sell to mobile network operators around the world. And so there's -- when you have lots and lots of different geographies that can sometimes cause a little bit longer time period. But there's nothing more fancy about it than that.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, I don't know what restructuring charge you're talking about. We did talk about a $70 million acquisition-related charge, which is acquisition expenses, which includes the money that we pay to various advisers who help us do the deal together with some amortization of backlog and things like that. This is not a restructuring charge. You usually will not hear Amphenol talking about restructuring. Relative to auto, I think, what I mentioned is that we do see -- in particular, I would say, in Europe that some of the demand expectations for our customers going to the third quarter are a little bit more muted. But our guide is this is not a severe change in the volumes. It's just a very modest change here in the third quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks very much, Andrew. I mean look, I think we had a very strong second quarter in mobile devices, much stronger than we anticipated coming into the quarter. And now with a guide of 20% sequential growth on a higher than we had anticipated baseline here in the third quarter I mean it's – I think that's a fairly positive view. Is that due to upgrade cycles? I mean yes, I guess every year mobile devices there's new releases. These are very short life cycle products. And so there tend to be new products every year. Whether there's a more significant upgrade cycle I wouldn't tell you that that's necessarily what we're sort of discounting for here. As always, we have a team of folks who work in mobile devices, who are extraordinarily agile. And we have demonstrated over many, many years of participating in this market that when there are additional sales to be had, when there is kind of more of a – I don't know the term folks use now super cycle of upgrades, we have always been able to capitalize and get more than our fair share of that. So we'll see what happens here this year. I think this is probably a more kind of a normal outlook that we would have and it remains to be seen. And to your question of when would we or how would we participate? I mean if people are making more devices then we'll sell more components to go on those devices. And when they build those will depend largely on the type of demand that they see from their customers. And our job is not to anticipate that but rather to react in real time when there are changes in the demand. And if there are favorable changes, we’ll manage through that and I'm sure we'll do well. And if there are not favorable changes, our team will adjust in real time to preserve the bottom line and that's how we've always operated.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks very much, Mark. I mean look, you can imagine that we are very serious in both our diligence but also in our interactions with the people. And the bigger the company, the more people you're going to want to interact with. I mean it's pretty linear from that perspective. And so we had a very, very significant review and diligence with both CIT and these businesses from CommScope, which we will just refer to here as Andrew. And both from a diligence integrity of the numbers but also from a cultural perspective, I mean, on one side, in terms of integrity, Carlisle and CommScope are both great companies. They're public companies. They report great numbers. So I think, yes, we do enormous financial diligence around them. But I think the starting point is also, these are public companies with audited financials from extremely reputable big four auditing firms. As opposed to sometimes, you buy family companies and you almost have to sort of do a ground-up audit of them. And you don't have to do that kind of work here. But the cultural aspects, getting to know the people, understanding are they passionate about becoming part of Amphenol, do they believe in the business, do they see the potential, are they -- do they feel even liberated by being part of an interconnect company in the case of CIT, or being able to be a stand-alone business in the case of Andrew, this is really important because we always preserve the management. And we're not going to buy a company like this, if we hear from the management team that they're not committed to being part of our company going forward. And I can tell you that both inside CIT and Andrew, the folks are extremely passionate, extremely excited to be part of the Amphenol organization. Now, relative to margins, I mean, we've been making acquisitions for many, many, many years, as you know, Mark. And at the end of the day, we don't have just one recipe for how do companies improve their operating margins to bring up to at or above our corporate average. We believe that there are no sacred cows. Margin is price minus cost. And we seek to expose them to their sister and brother companies around the world, so that they can see some of the ways that other Amphenolians have gone about improving their companies in due course. And I think both the folks at CIT and in Andrew, and they have different levels of profitability, by the way, CIT is a lower profitability today, Andrew is actually operating at really nice levels of profitability. But we see with both of them long-term great opportunities, both on the top line and on the bottom line. And how that's going to happen, these are exciting businesses with lots of different inputs and outputs. And I'm very confident that the team will find a way, and we'll certainly help them do that.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you, Will. I mean, look, you asked a question that is so close to my heart. And I think I've even used this with you before. I view my job as CEO of Amphenol really twofold to protect the culture of the company, and to scale the company given that culture. Call it, to protect and to scale. Not quite like the NYPD, to protect and to serve. And I think we can look back over these last, let's call it, 20 years, 25 years even. I've been in the company 26 years. I've been now CEO for 15.5 of those years. I think we've done actually an outstanding job of both of those things. I would tell you that the culture of the company today, across our more than 135, I don't know, 137 or so general Managers, that Amphenolian culture of entrepreneurship is stronger today than it has ever been before as its embodied across those people. The vibrancy and the strength of that entrepreneurship is amazing. I see it all over the world as I travel around to meet with our people. It is so unique and so powerful. But at the same time, we have scaled the company. And you correctly point out, two and a half years ago, we took a big step in the company's evolution with the creation of three divisions run by division Presidents. Each of those are reportable segments, but that was a natural evolution that goes all the way back to even the beginning of the 2000, 2003 when we created our first operating groups, where we had five of those. And that was the first time that General Managers didn't just report to our then CEO, who still happens to be our Chairman. We have a lot of continuity in Amphenol, as you know. And those groups expanded over time to the point where today, we have 15 of these operating groups. These are groups that are roughly $1 billion or so on average in size. We have the three global divisions. And that has created an enormous bandwidth for us both to pursue organic growth opportunities, which are still very, very critical and really core to the company, but also to continue to expand the range of our acquisition program and we've gotten the question over the years. You may have even asked it yourself, Will. As the company grows and if you roughly contribute about a third of your growth over the long term from acquisitions, that must mean either you have to do more deals or you have to do bigger deals. And my answer has always been, for the last 15.5 years, yes, some combination of the two, we will have to do. And I think we can look back and say, yes, we have continued to do that. We have continued to open the aperture of both the number and the scale of the deals that we do. And that is exactly related to that scaling up of our organization. It's interesting though. When you think about most companies and how traditionally they would scale an organization, you would build layers, you would build matrices, you would build really bureaucracies at the end of the day, but that's not what this has happened in Amphenol. In fact, whether it's the divisions or the groups, these are very lean organizations, but they're exactly what our lean headquarters once was before. I mean if you think about the -- when we had just 15 GMs reporting to the CEO, and we would make maybe one acquisition in a year or two. And then when we first started our five groups, maybe we'd make three or four. And now here in the last 18 months, we've made -- we've closed on 12 acquisitions, we've signed two more, and that's included the two largest in the company's 92-year history. And that is just a reflection of the successful scaling of the Amphenol culture. The fact is, is CIT and what we will call Andrew are in different divisions. They report to different division presidents. And you can bet that those individuals are working extraordinarily hard on getting to know the companies, doing the diligence like we discussed with Mark's question, and ultimately bringing them successfully into the Amphenol family. No doubt about it, we would not have been able to do this if we didn't have -- if we hadn't have evolved the organization. But today, we have really almost a limitless capability to do that and coupled with a balance sheet that is second to none that Craig has been such an amazing steward of.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Look Steve I think it's early. We've just signed the deal and we're obviously going to go through a regulatory process here. And then once we get through that we'll certainly be very thoughtful about the company. But what I would say is this, I mean Amphenol has been in RF connectors from the beginning. I mean we invented the world's first off connector back in 1941. Andrew was really the innovator of antenna technology, one of the innovators in antenna technology for mobile networks. And I think the combination of those two rich legacies ultimately is going to create enormous value for our customers. And I can tell you having talked already to several of those customers, they feel very excited about Amphenol as a home for this important partner for them.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much. Again we've given I think some good directional guidance on the scale of this. I talked about the fact that the vast majority of our growth on a year-over-year basis is really growth in AI. And by the way we had some AI already a year ago in the second quarter. I think we talked quite a bit already about the order patterns and the potential CapEx required for this. I don't really want to repeat myself on that. What I would just say is that the customers they want to work with us because of our technology. And at the end of the day these products, these systems have such demands put upon them, the performance levels that they're being run at are so extraordinary that it is coming back all the time to do you have the product number one? And do you have the capacity and the competency to build that product, and that capacity and competency to build is something that we have demonstrated over many, many years, many different revolutions in IT datacom, but it does require for sure us to continue to make investments, so that we can support this real revolution in AI investments.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much Saree. I mean look, I think the end of destocking usually just means that end demand starts to match with the demand put on us by the distributors, because it wouldn't be a restocking if you will. So if you think about, how that would normally go, customers start to reduce their demand. Distributors are left with too much inventory, they reduced their demand by even more. And then once they get to a level that they feel good about, then they try to sort of mirror their end demand with the demand put on us. So I don't think that our distributors are necessarily restocking but, probably they're matching what they're seeing. And that -- again, that's why I say, without saying that industrial is sort of booming here, I think the early signs of the positive book-to-bill that we saw together with the sequential and also somewhat year-over-year momentum from distributors is a good and positive early sign for industrial, but we'll see how it goes through the third quarter and through the end of the year.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much and we truly appreciate everybody's time today. And I do hope that all of you get a little bit of a chance to take some time off this summer and we look forward to being back with you here in the fall just 90 days from now. Thank you very much.
Craig Lampo: Yeah. Thanks a lot for the question. Yeah. Listen we're really proud of the operating margins here in the second quarter and 21.3% record operating margins and that's obviously including part of the quarter where we have CIT which is well below the company average kind of in the low double-digit range. And so certainly proud of the operating margins. And certainly, that's driven by a bunch of factors, and I wouldn't focus it on one particular area. There was a few things happening here. Certainly, in some of the markets that are growing including IT data market and military and some others are certainly. Those businesses continue just to execute well on the higher growth rates. And the other side of that coin is we have certain markets in certain businesses that are not growing in industrial we talked about a little bit. And they're really doing a good job kind of on the other side of the coin to be able to kind of protect their margins. So overall, I wouldn't focus it on say one area, but I think as we continue to grow as we continue to be able to drive volume, we should be able to continue to drive our margins up and into that kind of 25% or so targeted conversion margins we talk about. Clearly, CIT here in the third quarter sequentially is going to have a bit of an impact and you see that in our kind of implied guidance from a sequential perspective. But if you look organically coming into the third quarter, we're still converting very well excluding kind of the CIT impact into those margins and we feel real good about the margins and the expansion potential as we move forward here in the year.
Craig Lampo: Sure. Yes. No, I think this is just to start with the EPS accretion part. We haven't called that out, because I think it's a little bit far into the future to start calling out EPS accretion and certainly will be EPS accretive. It's a very its strong profitability. Adam mentioned in his prepared remarks, this is high teens operating margin, assuming kind of the amortization we would expect based on our current estimates post-acquisition. So, certainly, we would expect a good level of EPS accretion after the acquisition. In regards to the 25% EBITDA, there's certainly no synergies. We're not anticipating any synergies. We don't talk about synergies typically as you know our approach when acquiring companies and bringing them into the Amphenol family is we don't try to make significant changes. We kind of -- we essentially enable the businesses to expand margins while helping them do so as part of Amphenol. And that will be our continued playbook in addition to -- as we bring CommScope and we ultimately closed the Andrew's business there. So I wouldn't say that this 25% is -- that's what we view it as right now. I'm not going to talk so much about it's still part of CommScope's business and we're not going to necessarily talk so much about kind of what their expectations are and they're going to continue to report on this business and we'll let them do so.
Craig Lampo: And just from a margin perspective, we wouldn't call out any significant difference in the AI product line is certainly margin accretive, but not so -- not meaningfully different from the rest of the portfolio of products that we have. And it's a good business and we want all of our businesses to continue to grow and provide margin contribution which we expect that will happen.
