R. Adam Norwitt: I mean, if you look at the guidance, in fact, at the high end of guidance, we would be growing organically, I think, somewhere around 3%. And in the current environment, we actually think that is a very strong and prudent guidance at the same time. I mean, we continue to see opportunities across all of our markets, but there continues, as well, to be just tremendous uncertainty in the world economy. As we sit here on January 18, 2012, and give guidance forward for the next 12 months, we think it's important to be prudent in that and recognizing that there have been, over the last 12 months, many political, economic and other uncertainties, and I wouldn't say that we're at the end of the rope on all of those things. But given that environment, given as well the -- where we are coming from in the fourth quarter, this is really extremely strong guidance.
R. Adam Norwitt: First, relative to FEP. I mean, this is not a company that requires any restructuring. So we are not at all doing that. We have acquired a management team that has just tremendous, tremendous experience and capability and vision for the future, and we're very, very proud to welcome that management team to Amphenol. And we are not -- we have not deposited any Amphenol employees in the building. They are running that company so successfully, the day after closing like they were the day before. Relative to the profitability of the company, I think, Diana mentioned, I mean, this is a very, very strong, profitable company, well above their peers in the industry that they participate in and would compare very favorably across any of the markets that we participate in. So we're very, very pleased with that. It is a real confirmation that there is money to be made in every market when you have technology to offer to your customers. And that has been something that we have always talked about, that, if you can create value for your customers, by embedding that value in the interconnect products that you sell, which allow your customer to, in the end, have greater value to sell to their customers, there's money to be made and you can achieve superior margins and profitability in such an environment. We're very happy that FEP has that same mindset, as we have always had. And that's why the marriage with them will be, I believe, very, very successful. Now, you are correct. We have made some acquisitions over the course of the last year, year and half in the automotive market. And I think that is just an indication that, that is a market where there has been a real acceleration in terms of the proliferation of new electronics application, that now, we believe, have value and where Amphenol should participate. If I can just remind you, from where we have come in terms of our automotive business, going all the way back to when we were making, really, safety devices and on-board telematics, RF-type products that go into the car, we have really broadened that offering today, as the electronics have broadened across the car. So I would not tell you that we would not do anymore acquisitions in automotive, but we will certainly do acquisitions in all of the markets as they become available and as we work them through our pipeline. But we're very excited. I mentioned that automotive will be about 12% of sales in the first quarter. It's been a very strong growing market for us this year, and we expect good things from that market going forward.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, first, let's just recognize that, that is a market where we grew this year more than 30% year-over-year. And we have had just fabulous growth in that market. So we would not certainly expect to grow anywhere near those levels this year. I mean, that is just outstanding growth. We are participating in that market on a broad basis. But I should also say that the smart devices, the tablet computers, these kinds of devices, this is where the content and the opportunity for value is. And we continue to drive our engineering resources towards attacking those areas of the smart mobile device market and the overall mobile device market, where we can create value for our customers. What will the overall market grow in this year? You would know as well as I what the forecast would be. But we clearly would not expect to have that kind of big uptick that we had, part of which was due to the sort of new advent of tablet computers, where we had never participated before, laptops, and the things that those tablets have been replacing. But we look forward to that market, and we look forward to being a very strong participant in that market going forward.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. These are fine questions. Relative to my comment on IT datacom, I don't know whether that is a market or an Amphenol, but what I can tell you is that our engineers are extraordinarily busy over the whole year, but that seems to even accelerate going into the end of the year, whereby, we see our equipment maker customers focusing on creating core equipment that can manage the data traffic that people are really struggling with today. And I think this has been kind of a slow-motion tidal wave here, this data. I mean, people know it is coming. They see it coming, but it takes some time to spool up that equipment to these next-generation levels. And we see that, really, on a worldwide basis, when we're working with IT customers, in all geographies, new entrants to the market, the existing leaders to the market. There is a real race to get to these high speeds. And as you go down that path towards high speed, the challenges, the implications for the interconnect products are so much more significant and challenging to deal with. And so our engineers have just a much, much more intensive interaction with these customers, to help them solve all of the sort of inherent issues that are around those new high-speed systems. And I think, as we look forward, that's obviously going to result in new platforms, where we will participate, and which can create new bases of growth for the future. There's no doubt about it, the IT infrastructure at companies, at universities, in the financial services, wherever that is, there is going to have to be a constant upgrade to deal with that flood of data that is there. Now, relative to FEP, it's very astute to see that this is a company that, in particular, has an outstanding strength in molding technology. No doubt about it. This is a very complementary acquisition to Amphenol. We have already a growing product line of value-add and component level products that go into the automotive market, and we look forward to the team at FEP, both from a customer innovator standpoint, but also from a technology innovation standpoint, to be just tremendous participants, as we seek to continue that high growth that we've achieved so far in the automotive market.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. No. I mean, as you correctly pointed out, distribution is not as significant for us. It represents something around 14% of our total sales. For Military, it is more significant. We have not seen any meaningful kind of replenishment as you would put it. And the channel was very, very supportive during the flood, and that was one of the reasons why we were able to satisfy, essentially, every customer during that time period, which is not something that is easy to do, let me tell you. Because the customers, they still got to build their end systems, and there was, certainly, some damage to parts and to machines. And so the strength of the channel has helped. We have not seen the replenishment in any significant fashion. Would we expect to see that going forward? I think it really depends on the macro environment. Because I believe that the distribution channel, more than most, is very responsive to that macro environment. If they don't feel good about it, then they're not going to replenish it. If they start to feel incrementally better, maybe they will start to put some more parts on the shelf. We have not seen so far, though, any significant or meaningful distribution comeback.
R. Adam Norwitt: No. I think we see it from 2 sides. We see it first from the operator side, where we work directly with many significant operators around the world with our installation products, our antennas. And there is one where, I would tell you that, that has been a very difficult finish of the year, the spending was very much clamped down upon for whatever reason. I mean, there is all these other mergers and whatnot that have happened in various regions. But I think we have started to see a little bit of a pickup, at least a bottoming, I would say, in terms of the operator activity. Relative to the equipment makers, it's a little bit more difficult to read because they all had their customers reducing demand. They had a certain expectation going into the fourth quarter in terms of where they -- what inventory levels and how they had ramped up their supply chains, whether they have indeed worked through all of that inventory that they had built up in anticipation of the fourth quarter. That, I have a hard time to say. We don't have peer visibility into the contract manufacturers and the OEMs and their respective warehouses. That being said, as I mentioned, we do expect in the first quarter for Amphenol in that market to sequentially perform stronger than we had off of these low levels. And I certainly would hope and would expect to some extent that over the course of the year, that there would be more of a return to normalcy. No doubt that the capacity, the coverage that exists in the wireless market gets worse and worse every single day. And so the customers, the end customers, you and me, and all the rest on the phone here, we are at one point going to get up and revolt here if they don't have better coverage. And I think the operators understand that. They have to really ramp up their build-outs, and that's true around the world, in all the geographies. And we look forward to participating, and we're well positioned to participate as the build-outs happen.
R. Adam Norwitt: No. I would say that we certainly continue to see that content growth. I mean, if you look in the fourth quarter, take 2 of the markets that you mentioned here, mil aero, as well as commercial air, we were sequentially, essentially, on or slightly above the third quarter in that kind of macro environment, that is clearly not sequentially flat. So I believe that is representative very much of content growth. We see that, in particular, in commercial aero, but we also see that in the defense markets. Relative to the mobile phone market, we grew year-over-year in sort of mid-single digits. We had a year-to-date -- full year performance in that market, growing more than 30%. I don't think that whole market grew 30%. So the content growth that we have seen there has clearly been strong. Do we accelerate that content growth? Do we continue to enjoy the platforms that we've designed in going forward? Clearly, we will continue to enjoy that. We have achieved a lot so far this year, and we'll continue to bear the fruits from that. I think, as we look forward into the first quarter, and we talked about in our guidance that the mil aero market, we expect to go up sequentially. Again, I think that is indicative of expansion of our content across a market that is not necessarily growing at that pace.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, just relative to the results that we have just reported, I can tell you, not surprisingly, in the fourth quarter, with our automotive business being as strong as it was and with our mobile business being as strong as it was, Europe was a strong performer, and Asia was a strong performer on a year-over-year basis. I mean, European sales grew very strongly with the automotive progress that we've made. Sequentially, the whole company was down, and I'd say all the markets were down. Maybe Europe was down less than the others, again, because of that automotive strength. As we look forward, I mentioned that the industrial market in particular was one where we had seen some weakening in the European industrial market, and we would not expect that necessarily to get much worse, but I wouldn't say that we have necessarily very high expectations for growth in that part of the market. Overall, we are not factoring in some macroeconomic cataclysm. I mean, neither Diana nor I are macroeconomists here. We listen to what our customers say. We do a bottoms-up forecasting based on what we interact with our customers and what we hear, and that's really how -- what results in the guidance. We're not, sort of, reading the tea leaves relative to whether some country or other will default on their debt. If that happens, we'll deal with it. I mean, clearly, the fourth quarter was a quarter that was impacted by macro events around the world. As we mentioned at our last call, if you had asked me at the beginning of the third quarter, what would the fourth quarter be, I certainly would not have told you, it will be down 8% sequentially. And there were a lot of sort of governmental macro, political, economic issues that came about. I don't know that those have necessarily fully resolved themselves. But clearly, it seems that we're in a somewhat more stable environment today.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. Look, I mean, whether we normalize to the pace of growth in the markets, I think, our goal in all of our markets has always been to outperform the markets that we participate in, and I think we've done a pretty good job of achieving that in this market in particular, as well as in the other markets. Relative to what will happen in the first quarter, we work with lots of customers across that market. And there are programs that go up. There are programs that go down. And that is part of the reason why we have been successful in many ways. We have expanded our position, for example, on tablet computers, in particular, in 2011. Going into the first quarter, I wouldn't tell you that there's any individual thing that is happening different. We're just folding up the forecast that we have from our customers, which are reflective of what would normally be a seasonality into that quarter. Relative to the year-over-year performance, again, there are platforms that come and go. We are putting tremendous focus on putting our products where there is value for Amphenol. And there may be, occasionally, some products where we say, we don't want to even participate in that. We want to be in the products where we can generate the returns for the company that we have become accustomed to and that we really demand when we participate in a market, and we feel that, that will be the most successful thing for us to run that business.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. Just relative to the linearity, actually, it was pretty linear throughout the quarter in terms of orders. So I wouldn't tell you that there was any kind of spike that came at the end or at the beginning. I mean, normally, you would have, in the fourth quarter, a pretty strong October. I would tell you that in this quarter it was actually pretty linear in terms of both sales and orders across the quarter. We feel very good about those bookings that we had, and not all bookings can be shipped within 30, 60, 90 days. But it is a clear reflection across all the markets that we serve in that we believe our customers are growing in confidence enough to give us the bookings that can then support the strong guidance that we've given for the full year. So we feel very good about the bookings and look forward, hopefully, to booking more here in the first quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: No. It was broad-based. I think I alluded to that. I mean, there are some of our markets that have a very quick turn, where the bookings are more in line with the revenues, things like mobile devices, where you're not booking on long lead times. But of the other markets, which have more normal booking schedules, this was quite broad-based.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, look, we have a very clear philosophy about acquisitions. Number one, we look for a company that has good people; number 2, a company that has great technology; and number 3, that has a complementary market position. In general, that has led us towards companies that have some of those 3 characteristics, and FEP has really all of them in spades. Does that mean that we confine ourselves in our acquisition strategy towards only very focused companies of a certain size? Absolutely not. To the extent that we find companies that satisfy those criteria and maybe even operate at a level of profitability below where we are today, we would certainly pursue those. And that is, really, regardless of size. What we're not going to do though is just buy something because it's cheap and it's big. So, I mean, we're going to continue to have an acquisition strategy that focuses on paying fair value for companies that have tremendous potential value to Amphenol in the future.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. In fact, ultrabooks, what those end up being and what our participation will be, will really depend on the nature of the product. I mean, we have not participated so broadly in laptops in the past, only because the interconnect solutions that are embedded in those products have been relatively off the shelf, non-real high-value products. And so we have really steered away from those over the years. Whether ultrabooks, to some extent, have more kind of value embedded in them relative to the interconnect, I think that remains to be seen. I mean, we participate with some of them to some extent, but I wouldn't say necessarily, unless there is a real shift in the total architecture of those ultrabooks that, that would necessarily be a huge thing. Take a tablet, is a very different thing. You're compressing in a tablet a tremendous amount of functionality, tremendous amount of data, wireless connectivity, very, very compact interconnect solutions. That suite of opportunities for Amphenol has created great opportunities for us to make a product for our customer that allows enough value to be made where it's interesting for us to participate. I think the jury is still out on whether that will be so much in ultrabooks. Where we are disclosing that in a market segment, I don't even know that, that's such a significant segment for us, to that extent. If it is more like a tablet, we disclose that in mobile devices. If it looked more like a computer, that would probably be in IT.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, relative to industrial, I think, we have had a very, very strong year in industrial, Amit. I mean, we grew, essentially, for the full year by 17% in the industrial market. I think we have made just tremendous, tremendous progress in broadening our portfolio of technologies across that market. Going into all these new subsegments of the market and so, from that perspective, I would probably say that our performance is a little bit more that we have broadened our position rather than just the tide going up and down in industrial. I mean, we are really hitched to some of the very high growth opportunities in the industrial market, things like oil and gas, things like solar, high-speed rail, markets in China and India, places like that, where there is a lot of industrial activity ongoing. I did mention before that we have seen in Europe, in particular, some moderation of the growth there and, hopefully, even some bottoming out of that performance in Europe. Looking forward, relative to inventories, I wouldn't really credit our performance in the quarter to a rebuilding of inventories. And how those inventories will proceed going forward, that is actually less of a concern to us than are we getting the positions with these new customers and these new applications with the new products that we're developing.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, actually, I wouldn't tell you that we would necessarily anticipate a sales decline for the full year of 2012. I think we expect that market to be moderate in the context. But certainly, we would not anticipate a sales decline. I mean, clearly, we had this year some lost sales from the flood. We hope to make up a good portion of that throughout the course of the year. And those efforts that we have had ongoing to offset the budgetary issues with the expansion of electronic content and, really, a repositioning of resources towards the areas where money is still being spent in the military. And there are clearly still areas being spent in the military. I mean, even with the recent -- the President going to the Pentagon and talking about all the things that are going on, without much specificity, I should say, there are still tremendous opportunities that our teams see. And our teams are not working at the kind of Washington level. They are working in the labs. They are working with the program managers, where there are continually programs that are being developed, new programs, existing programs, foreign military sales, which is becoming an increasing priority with many of our customers today. And so we see still the opportunity for growth in that market. And relative to commercial air, that is the market where we see, obviously, stronger growth potential going into this year, as those new platforms, really, "take off," so to speak. And I think that there's going to be great opportunities, really, in that market and long term for both of those markets.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily read that into it. I mean, every acquisition has a certain ownership, which has a certain time frame to sell. I think, in this case, the ownership of the company had made a decision long before Greece and all of these things, that they had a certain schedule, and that was the schedule they were going to live to. So I would not at all read anything into that. They're selling when the sky is falling.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, it's a nice question. Obviously, they are based in Europe, and they have a predominance of their business in Europe. But they have also a growing business in Asia, in part, with European OEMs. Relative to the technology and the platforms that they participate on, they are a very broad supplier into a broad range of platforms, ranging from low-end, high-volume cars, all the way to the highest luxury vehicles.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you all very much. And, again, we appreciate your time and your interest in the company, and once again, wish you a happy New Year and a successful beginning to 2012. Goodbye.
Diana G. Reardon: Yes. Sure. I mean, I wouldn't expect it to come down. I think that we certainly have a very disciplined approach to SG&A spending and are able to flex it some with demand. But, I think, looking into 2012, an assumption that says that SG&A would probably grow about half the rate of sales would probably be the right assumption.
Diana G. Reardon: Yes. I mean, I think as you know, we don't call out specific impact of individual commodities. But I think, as I said in the prepared remarks, we're talking about margin, what our expectations are in 2012. I think, we have seen some indication that there seems to be a stabilization in some commodities and better trends in others. And I think that, being combined with what we call a more normal demand environment as we look into Q1 and then into 2012, I think will provide a more normal balance between pricing opportunity in the market, volume growth and also the input cost side, that we feel will allow us to return to our historical norm of being able to achieve these 25% conversion margins. And I think, as I mentioned, from a sequential standpoint in 2012, our guidance does reflect that. So I would say that, if the environment stays as it is today, we'd certainly feel more optimistic about sequential margin expansion.
Diana G. Reardon: For a Q4, this would be a stronger-than-normal quarter. I think, on average, if we would go back in time, I would think that a Q4 would more -- normally, would be kind of a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio.
Diana G. Reardon: Yes. I think the organic is about -- is 3% at the high end, Amit. So there's about a 2% net between the acquisition impact and the foreign exchange impact.
Diana G. Reardon: Yes. We would hope, I mean, that we could see some further upside as volumes ramp, depending on what commodities do from here. But I think, in general, we've seen a positive impact on cost in the fourth quarter. We would expect to see some further positive impact in Q1. And if we get some volume along with that, I think we should be able to see some movement in margins up above that 13.1% we achieved in the fourth quarter.
Diana G. Reardon: It's primarily in the defense market, a small amount in the commercial air market. And we would expect to recover that during the year, whether it's in one specific quarter or the first half or second half of the year, I couldn't really say. But I think by the end of the year, we expect to have those sales fully recovered.
Diana G. Reardon: No. I think your first statement is exactly the right way to think about it. I mean, we've seen some improvement in most of the commodities, but we've also seen -- we see as we go into 2012, I think, also some improvement in the demand environment. And it's really that balance -- well, it was out of balance in 2011 that caused most of the difficulty from a margin perspective. And so we do feel that based on those 2 facts, we see more of a balanced environment in 2012, and we do believe that we should be able to, therefore, expand margins.
