R. Adam Norwitt: I think with respect to the industrial market, I think what we certainly saw is really more recently towards the end of the quarter and even coming here into October is when we started to see some expectations from customers being revised downward. I think that we continue to have an outlook in the industrial market that is kind of flat but we used to have an outlook that is going up in the quarter, and that's why the change in our guidance. We had a lot of expectations from customers of actual growth going into the end of the year which now we don't see happening. In terms of the conservatism of that, I think we have taken due prudence in looking at the expectations from our customers and we feel confident in the number that we have now given, otherwise we wouldn't be giving them obviously, but I think that we continue to perform in the industrial market very well. Last quarter we continued to really expand our market position but not at the levels that we would've thought coming into the quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think just with respect to the third quarter, the trajectory that we saw in the market was maybe a little bit better in the third quarter than we thought but in general the trajectory that we're seeing here in the second half is what we have expected to see. I think it's still premature to talk about what we would see in the first quarter and I think it's still premature to talk about the nature of which customers we have at what percentage at this time. I think the reaction of our team here in the third quarter is something that I think is just so important to emphasize. When we see that we were able to grow the sales by the amount that we were able to grow, and you can imagine on the flipside going down by 20% here in the fourth quarter, you remember last year or this year in the first quarter our sales were down by 30%, I think it is just a really great testament to the organization that they were able to capitalize on the upside that we knew was coming in this case and adjust to the variations in that market going into the fourth quarter, and whatever the first quarter will bring, no doubt about it the team will maximize performance and also ensure a secure bottom line going into the first quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think it is a little tricky to look at bookings and how do bookings reflect on the subsequent quarter, in particular when you have such a strong mobile quarter. As you may recall, our mobile business essentially books as it ships. So it's not a book to ship kind of a business, and so in a quarter like the third quarter where we did have a very strong sequential growth in our sales for mobile, the bookings in fact followed and we had a book to bill in the quarter of just under 1-to-1. What I would say is that as we went through the quarter, that 1-to-1 got a little bit less into September and into the expectations that we saw here in October. And so I think from that standpoint, the trajectory during the quarter clearly at the end of the quarter, that 1-to-1 ratio eroded somewhat and that was one of the signals of the expectations of demand from the customers going to the fourth quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think that as you termed it, weakening from China, I've said before even if our business in China has grown significantly from where it was, in Asia has grown significantly from where it was before, we're still not a great bellwether for what is happening in China. I think that we have started to see, as the quarter drew on, some pullback in demand from customers in Asia and in China specifically. Is there a lag due to normal direct supplier versus distribution, what I can say is we don't do a lot of sales through distribution in the automotive market globally and that includes also in China. What is the kind of lag through the various tiers because we're not selling in general directly to automotive OEMs, you can imagine that there could be some lag there. I don't know, there has been a lot of talk of the recent stimulus in China and the reduction of VAT taxes on certain things and what does that translate into, what types of cars, what types of OEMs are benefiting from that, I mean that can all have some impact. Then I think again our position is not as broad as to say that we're a perfect reflection of what's happening in China. What we see from our customers just of late has been some reduction in the expectations that we would've had. Traditionally the Chinese market, and we're just getting to know the Chinese automotive market a little bit, it tends to be more of a second half loaded market than does the rest of the worldwide automotive market which tends to be more of a first half loaded market, and I think that where you normally would have seen a buildup towards that higher levels demand, I think maybe you see a little bit less of a buildup towards those higher levels of demand even if the demand is not necessarily falling off but it may only be a kind of a flat end demand. That's one theory that one could ascribe to that, but again we are not a great representation of the totality of the Chinese automotive market.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think what's implicit in our guidance for the fourth quarter is kind of a high single-digit local currency expansion of our prior year. I think we just had a fabulous quarter in automotive, 13% organic growth, 39% in local currency in the third quarter, and I think we continue to outperform the overall automotive market and we continue to have a conviction that we will continue to outperform the automotive market overall. What is growth in units versus what is growth in content versus what is growth in Amphenol, I think that will remain to be seen in the coming year and years to come but our position continues to expand, we continue to leverage the acquisitions that we've made as well as the organic developments that we've made, and we certainly feel that our ability to expand and the room for us to continue to expand in that space is not limited at this stage.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think that we always take very quickly action in Amphenol when we see demand changes, and I think for those who follow the Company for many cycles, you know that that doesn't take us to sit back and wait for kind of a news headline that says things are bad, we look case by case across our 90 operating units and as we see demand decline or demand expectations decline from customers, we take immediately action. And so there's not necessarily a lag from when we start to see it to when we start to take action. We take the action right away and we do that action in order to secure our conversion margins going into that time, and I think if you look at our guidance here in the fourth quarter, it's a very strong guidance from a bottom-line standpoint and I think that is reflective of our normal operating approach which is to take quick action in the moment as soon as we're seeing the problems from customers.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think we don't bet on the future when we see this. I think that's just a hallmark of the Company. So we are not guessing where Q1 is going to go for example in the industrial or in the automotive markets. We're taking the action in what we see today and we do that in a very prudent but also a very aggressive fashion, and that's something that we do if we think that it's a one quarter or a two quarter or whether that is a significant downturn in the economy, we try not to differentiate because once you get into the business of making cost reductions by guessing where the future is going to be, you never make them in a timely fashion, and that has always been for us a principle that we follow regardless. Whether that's a one quarter, a one month, a two quarter or a one year, we believe in our Company that you got to take those actions quickly and then you get out in front of customers rapidly to make sure that you're driving incremental sales and expanding your market position. If you end up in a situation where that is a longer time period, you are ahead of the game and you're out there with customers already while your competitors are sitting in conference rooms trying to solve the restructuring that they are trying to do. That's just not how we approach these matters, and I think the fact that we do that with these 90 general managers around the world, it's not a big thing. We're not sitting here at headquarters saying, all right, what percent of headcount do we take out, we're talking 90 times to 90 GMs and several of those have some different expectations than they used to have, well, what are you doing about it? It's a very simple, straightforward thing. And most of the time we don't even have to ask, they've already done it and we just get to them and we have a confirmatory discussion that yes, we did what we needed to do and let's move on and get some orders.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. Look, I think we have a very strong position across the mobile devices market and I pointed out that in this quarter we especially saw strength from a lot of next-generation laptop products which have become much more connected devices now. I think everybody is seeing that there was this kind of wave of tablets that came over the last three, four years and there seems to be now kind of a back to the future here on October 21 of 2015, back to the future to the laptop where the laptops are becoming more an integral device and I think we've spent a lot of time making sure that we're well positioned on these next-generation products. In addition, we've gotten a lot of progress on accessories and accessories everything from wearables to smart devices and there's a whole kind of range of things that you can't really put into a category anymore. And I think we talked last quarter about the fact that in addition to that we have worked with customers on – working with them in their production ramp-ups and helping them with products that can support their quick ramp-ups, and I think across the board we are working in every opportunity with customers in the mobile devices market and they really rest on kind of two pillars. One is that we continue to please our customers and not disappoint our customers from the standpoint of technology and we continue to exceed their expectations in terms of execution, and in that market that ability to execute time and time again when they need you is something that means they keep coming back for more regardless of what the product is, what the end product is, what our product is that we're selling, and that's something that we continue to emphasize strongly with our team and I think ultimately was one of the reasons we were able to perform so strongly here in the third quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think with your first question with respect to mobile devices, we expected sales to be up sort of approximately 40 or a little bit more than 40 and they were a little bit better than that. I think you're correct in pointing that out. And maybe the fourth quarter is a little bit worse but it's not meaningful compared to what the other things that we talked about. I think that relative to your question about timing, we obviously recognize our sales when we sell them to the person who places the order to us, and the person who places the order to us is sometimes the OEM if they are building it and sometimes it's the contract manufacturer if they are building it. In many cases we deal with contract manufacturers in particular in the markets that are more related to information technology, communications market and whatnot. Is there an inventory buffer, is there an inventory correction? We don't have great visibility into the inventories of that supply chain. We have about 11% of our sales go through distribution in the quarter and I think there we have some degree of inventory visibility, but relative to our sales that go into contract manufacturers across the communications market, there I can't tell you that we have a good read on what their inventories are. We know only what you know through publicly available information, and is that representative of an inventory correction or an inventory buffer, I think it's hard for us to say at this point.
R. Adam Norwitt: No, I don't think we have any news to report on that. As we talked about last time, we would expect that the deal would close by the end of the year. We are still in the regulatory approval process and have regulatory approval processes essentially now in the hands of the China antitrust regulators. As I think all of you know, that is a real black box in China. We are doing everything that we can to expedite it but it is not something that is necessarily easy to predict. To the extent that there any news or update comes, we certainly would let everybody know. At this time, we don't have any reason to think that it's any different, although that it remains in that black box.
R. Adam Norwitt: Look, we are very pleased with our M&A progress this year. We have closed three deals, we have announced the fourth, we continue to have a really great pipeline of acquisitions that we are pursuing and we continue to have great availability to pursue those acquisitions financially. Does one quarter of a little bit of economic uncertainty create a different dynamic in the market for acquisitions? I don't think so. I mean when we look back over time periods that were even more severe than this, 2009 or others, the fourth quarter of 2011, it's not that sellers miraculously stand up and say, I'll sell my company to you quicker or cheaper, that's just not the dynamic that we see. We deal with very patient sellers and we're a very patient buyer and we take a very long-term approach to these things, and so it's either corrections in the equity market or uncertainty in the overall economy, that doesn't tend to drive acquisition activity any differently for us. If you look over the years, we have had years which are very strong economic years where we have done lots of deals, we have had other years where we've done fewer deals and the same can be said of less strong economic years. So I would not anticipate that there will be any meaningful change to the dynamics, but what I would just emphasize again is we have a very strong pipeline and an outstanding track record here of being the acquirer of choice in this industry, and as we look out over the interconnect and now the center industry for acquisition opportunities, we remain very confident that we will find more acquisitions for the long-term. And I think I would just add here, acquisition for the Company is a real organic capacity that we have. There's some years where our acquisitions will be at about that target that we have of generating about a third of our sales growth and there are other years where it can be more or less. I think what you see this year with our current guidance that at the high end of guidance or at the midpoint we'd be somewhere 6%, 7% growth in local currencies and acquisitions would make up a little bit more than half of that in this year. We've had other years where they've made up a little bit less than that. But I think overall it's the combination of the organic growth that we achieved together with the acquisition growth that ultimately creates great value for the Company and allows us to continue to expand our position with customers across the many markets that we serve.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think you're correct in one sense which is we do see slight changes across many of our markets. I think what both Craig and I talked about those, that the predominance of the change that we see and the change that's reflected in our guidance at the midpoint is really coming, roughly half of that coming from industrial and the remainder coming from auto and IT datacom, not to say that we don't see small changes in the others and I think you're correct in saying that more of those are negative than are positive, and that's the reflection of this overall market environment which as we've said appears to be more uncertain now than it was before. I talked about the fact that in automotive for example we see more of a reduction in expectations coming out of China. So that clearly has some geographical influence to it. As it relates to the industrial market broadly, there's no doubt about it that China and other emerging geographies, there has been some sort of step-down in the expectations or in the actual growth that is occurring in those markets, and that has kind of a knock-on effect across the industrial market. And whether that is in things like heavy equipment or whether that is in areas like medical or oil and gas, there's no doubt that that feels like it is a little bit of a broader geographical spread of where our customers are but the origin of where that uncertainty comes, may come more from those emerging markets as kind of the trigger to that weakening that we've seen in the expectations of our industrial customers. And I think the IT market is not wholly unrelated to that either, in that when you see an emerging market, some reductions, typically the IT market has a very strong fourth quarter that tends to be seasonally the strongest quarter as budgets flush and other things happen, and I think the moderation that we've seen there can also be somewhat linked back to that overall economic sense that may have started in emerging markets that says that maybe there's not going to be that pop-up spending coming here at the end of the year and those places – and then that has a carryon effect through the overall market. So I think that if you want to pin it on a geography, I wouldn't pin it specifically on one country like China or Brazil or Russia but there's no doubt that collectively across emerging markets there appears to be a less sanguine view of demand going into the fourth quarter. I mentioned also in my prepared remarks relative to industrial that the downturn in the commodities market has obviously been very severe, everybody is well aware of what has happened there, and I think there have been some well-reported knock-on effects of that across the industrial market and what that means for equipment and all of that. One could even look at something like oil and gas and draw a link to helicopters where we've seen a reduction in our commercial air and particularly in helicopters which was an important growth part of that, where the largest single purchaser of commercial helicopters is in fact the oil and gas industry and you can bet that they are purchasing a few less helicopters these days than they were. So I think there are some linkages from that that have some of those knock-on effects that you alluded to, but to find just one golden goose here in terms of what's causing that, that I wouldn't be able to do.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. I think we have never tied too much our results to just unit production, and I think that's very simply put because we see the opportunity to grow in the electronics in the car, we see a lot of electronics growing and we continue to outperform unit production just growing last quarter organically by 13%. Clearly that's well in advance of any unit production numbers that have either come out or expected to come out at this stage. So I wouldn't tell you that we have a good view on what units are going to do here in the fourth quarter. This is not where we focus on. I think we focus on servicing our customers at the various tiers of the automotive industry, and based on the information that we've gotten from them going here into the fourth quarter, we have adjusted our expectations accordingly, but I don't think we're a good read on what is the unit going to be in the automotive market.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. Look, I mean, I think that what we see in the IT datacom market is probably not different from what others will see in that market, and then FCI being another player in that market, would they see some of that? That may very well be. I think the fact is we don't buy FCI for just their performance here in a quarter or two, we acquire that company with a long-term view that is a very positive long-term view of the benefits that come from the combination of Amphenol and FCI, and if there's something happening in the market in either the short-term or the medium-term, that doesn't change at all our expectations for the company nor our confidence that that's a great thing for Amphenol.
R. Adam Norwitt: Look I think the crystal ball is not easy to exercise right now. I think we have just taken our expectations down here in the fourth quarter and I've talked a lot about why that is. What is that going to turn into as the calendar page turns into January, it's too early to say what that would be. I think that I mentioned in each of the markets those areas where we see that the Company still has great potential and great position, and as we look into next year, will there be some markets that will perform better than others and others that will perform worse than the rest, no doubt about it. I mean that's the beauty of the diversification of the Company. I think at this stage though it's too early to give kind of a prognosis about what may be starting here on January 1.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think we may have seen some slight inventory adjustments in the quarter in a few of those. I mean the areas where we have more distribution is industrial, commercial air and military. Those are the three markets where we have the most distribution presence. We have some limited distribution presence in others. But I think there was also sell-through. We certainly saw on the sell-through side that orders at sell-through and that limited visibility that we have across that 11% of our sales, were certainly started to moderate as the quarter went on. And so I don't know that there was significant inventory movement at that stage.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think the best I can say is virtually all of the changes that we've seen in the automotive market appear to be just generalised forecast reductions from customers. These were not due to program delays and certainly not due to losses of business that we had. That was just overall forecast coming down from customers. Now forecast can come down because of units, they can come down because of take rates, they can come down because of mix of units and the types of cars that are there. I think I mentioned in China for example that there is – while it's true that there are various stimulus programs that people have talked about, there's also some talk about the mix of cars and whether those are higher content or lower content cars that are being stimulated in China. That's one example maybe of an area where even if units are at a certain level, if the overall mix of the size of the cars and of the feature sets of those cars is different, that would naturally have some impact on us in the short-term. So I think that we certainly would not point to anything where we were losing or where there was a delay per se, it's just the forecasts are coming in lower.
R. Adam Norwitt: No, we didn't close any deals in the quarter or announced any deals in the quarter. We certainly would let to know when and if we do. I did mention we have already closed three deals so far this year and we have signed another one, the FCI deal, and I think we feel very good about the M&A landscape. We have made over the last five years I think some 22, 23 acquisitions, maybe 25, Craig reminds me, and we have a really fabulous execution ability on those acquisitions. You asked a question, as the Company grows in size, how do we balance small deals versus larger deals? I think we have demonstrated how we do that. We continue to strive to find unique entrepreneurial kind of tuck-in acquisitions and we have a strong appetite still for those companies, and in the second quarter we acquired DoCharm and ProCom, both just really outstanding companies in their respective fields, and those are great acquisitions in that they bolster our capabilities either in a certain technology, in a certain region, with a certain set of customers. At the same time we continue to make larger deals and I think we announced the FCI deal. It was just a year ago September that we made the Casco acquisition, a year prior to that that we made the Advanced Sensors acquisition. So I think we have continued to find large sized transactions which can kind of move the needle at the same time as we continue to prosecute a great pipeline of tuck-in acquisitions, and we would view that very much the same going forward. The Company has just a great track record of M&A and our financial strength enables that, at the same time as our organizational structure and our culture enables us to assimilate those companies very smoothly, and I think that's a great advantage for the Company going forward.
R. Adam Norwitt: Look, I am obviously not a great forecaster of growth in mobile networks having taken our expectations down twice already this year, both at the end of the first quarter and the end of the second quarter, and we do see today, even if we grew in the third quarter on a sequential basis, we don't expect further growth here in the fourth quarter. I think it's safe to say that our view and the industry's view coming into this year was a more positive view of the mobile networks market than ultimately we think it's going to end up. And the reasons for that have been well written about, whether that is the digestion of last year's outstanding investments that were made, whether that's the variety of mergers and corporate combinations that have either been talked about or signed or executed upon, and there's also other kind of extraneous things that have happened, for example in China with the anticorruption investigations that have gone on and by all accounts have deferred some of the spending there. So what does that mean going into next year, I think it's very hard to give a prognosis at this stage, but I think what's very clear is that this is a market that is ultimately driven by consumer demand, consumers who are consuming more and more video on their devices, who are using their devices as kind of a replacement for their desktop, for their television, for their home computer, for their work computer. So as mobile devices become essentially the linchpin around which we revolve our technology live, I know personally that I just got a text message two days ago I was not so happy about when my kids blew through my huge monthly data plan and I had to pay another $15 three days ago. So there's no doubt about it that I don't think I'm the only one blowing through my data plan every month on my family shared data and there is a huge demand, growth in demand for data in the mobile networks market. How does that ultimately manifest itself in the spending, in the capital spending of the wireless operators around the world? That is a timing that is very difficult to give a prognosis on. I think we saw in the third quarter some incremental strength from North America and we are very pleased to be well-positioned for that. We have not seen that strength in places like Europe and Asia. There's been some signs of strength in India as an example. That's a market that we haven't seen a lot of strength in for three, four, five years. So I think for us the most important thing is that we are well-positioned and we continue to grow our position in all the places. When the spending comes, we'll be ready for it, we'll be well-positioned and we'll be the first phone call for our customers.
R. Adam Norwitt: I think the simple answer is, we don't think of that as a shrinking TAM, Wamsi, but we do think of it as a changing TAM and we've talked a lot about that. There is no question that the consolidation is a reflection of a lot of changes in that marketplace. What used to be OEMs who would make boxes, put them and ship them to customers who needed some IT hardware, that has really changed and is in the process of flipping on its head. It's a slow flip, how that happens, that change towards the Web service providers and others, some of whom have taken it upon themselves to design and spec out their own equipment, but it is no doubt an enormous change in that market. It's actually a very exciting change for a company who can get on top and ahead of that, and I think that's something that we have really positioned ourselves to do. The reality is, if we look last quarter in the IT datacom market, we grew in local currencies about 4%, organically also about 4% last quarter, and I could tell you that a good portion if not all of that growth came from expansions that we've seen in sales to non-traditional customers. And so we continue to expand our position with these non-traditional customers in the IT datacom market on a global basis, and I think that as that settles out over time, we will have a great position there and whether that's in high-speed backplane products, whether that's in power products, whether that's in high-speed cable assemblies and I/O connectors and fiber optics, we have a wonderful product offering there that can service customers regardless of what part of the supply chain that they are in. No doubt about it, it's a changing TAM, but I would not say at all that that's a shrinking TAM long-term.
R. Adam Norwitt: Look, I mean we make good money on all what we sell. I think that I would not differentiate between them in terms of the potential. Ultimately, margin is related to how much value you can deliver to your customers, and I can tell you that customers across the IT datacom market have enormous needs for new technologies, and to the extent that you can enable their new technologies and their needs with your new technologies, then ultimately they are willing to pay a fair price, not a higher price, a fair price, and then it's incumbent on us to get our costs in the right position such that we can make money on any business that we participate in. Very good. I think, operator, it appears that that's our final question. At this time, Craig and I would like to once again thank all of you for your time today and we look forward to speaking to you again here in about three months. Thank you.
