Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much, Mark. Look, I think that we've talked before, first about orders that positive book-to-bills don't always grow to the sky. And so it was not surprising. It wasn't certainly surprising to us that our orders moderated a bit in the quarter, and we had a slightly negative book-to-bill. We still have built tremendous backlog over the recent quarters. At the same time, I think it's fairly clear that we are in a world where, economically, there are more cross currents. And those crosscurrents can always have an impact on markets that we serve. And I think some of our customers, in particular, in places like IT datacom, who are a little bit reacting to, as I talked about, the inventory position, that would be an example of a place where maybe customers have put a little more conservatism in their balance sheet. I think we saw also in industrial with our guidance, we've had very, very strong performance in industrial and maybe there's a little bit -- a few signs of some hesitation across a few customers in that area. But it's not like we're seeing anything that anybody else isn't seeing here. We're not projecting anything, but I think the world is volatile. Just look how it's reflected in the interest rate environment, the currency markets that Craig discussed earlier, and as always, in a market like that, it's not our job at Amphenol to try to guess whether there is going to be a recession 1 day or otherwise. But it is our job, and it's our track record to always be prepared regardless. And I've talked about this in the past. You've heard me say the term that we drive with 1 foot on the gas and 1 foot on the brake. And I can tell you, we're driving hard in both respects, doing everything we can to make sure that we're there for our customers, satisfying their demand, and we did that in a big way here in the third quarter, shipping nearly $3.3 billion in sales. But for those areas where we have seen real-time feedback from customers that they may need a little bit less of our product, you can bet that those 130 Amphenol general managers, the ones who may see some softening of demand, that they're rapidly adjusting their resources. They're rapidly taking all the steps that an Amphenol General Manager does take to be prepared to preserve the company's financial strength in that environment. So we're never going to try to guess when that recession is coming. We'll let lots of people, who are much more experts at that than we are, to do that. But we will always be prepared and there's no question that we are today.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. No, thank you very much, Samik. Listen, we always come out of the quarter and we try to give our best estimate of what the next quarter is going to be on behalf of everybody here. And it's a credit to our team that we've been able to outperform that, and you can bet that we're always going to try to outperform that. But it's not -- I mean, we do our best job here of doing that. And we shouldn't -- you shouldn't just say, well, Amphenol is conservative and they're naturally going to beat it. I mean there's no doubt that the world, as we see it from a macro and market standpoint, it is more dynamic. There are pockets -- more pockets of uncertainty. There are macro dynamics that are going on now. But all that being said, the underlying electronics revolution that has for us, always been a great platform for our outperformance. This continues to go unabated. Our position, our technology position continues to be broader than ever before. We've made 20 acquisitions since the beginning of 2019, each of which have added to our company in new capabilities, in new breadth, new access to customers in new geographies. So our company is well positioned to capitalize if there are opportunities for upside. And we'll certainly seek to take advantage of any of those that do come, but in the context that it is a world today that is clearly more uncertain than it was before. And I don't have to, I think, tell everybody here on the phone that you can get that by looking just at the front page of the Wall Street Journal on a daily basis. Are we always going to try to outperform what we are, but I'm not going to tell you that this quarter is the same as every other quarter that we're always going to outperform, and we're going to beat our guidance by as much as we did last quarter. We're going to work really hard to do that all the time, and we're going to navigate whatever environment comes our way.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Gavin. Look, we're really proud of the automotive performance here. I mean, if you just look over several quarters, we've had real strong double-digit organic growth in automotive now for eight quarters in a row, which is really excellent and clearly outperforming. I think that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've seen strong growth being driven by, in particular, everything related to electrification, but not exclusively that.  We've also seen robust growth and everything related to passenger connectivity, to safety, new electronic systems in cars, all this sort of extraordinary array of content that's being put into this generation and next generation of cars that has created a great opportunity for Amphenol. Both together with our interconnect products, our sensors, our antennas and that entire array of what we broadly refer to as interconnect products. In terms of the behavior of the customers and the outlook over the next 12 months, I mean it's hard for me to give kind of an outlook for the next 12 months. I think others have a better sense of what -- whatever the industry outlook will be, what inventories are both at dealerships and in the supply chain. But -- and for us, what's more important is the content that we see with customers, which continues to grow. In terms of inventories, I couldn't tell you that we have a perfect sense of what the inventories are with our customers, either at the end customers or at the OEM or in the supply chain. But we haven't seen real indications of abnormalities. And so orders continue to be at a good level. We continue to have strong performance and customers seem to want really a lot of our products as we saw in the third quarter. And as would be implied in our guidance also in the fourth quarter, which would make the full year of 2022 just a really exceptional year in automotive on the back of a year in 2021, which was itself also quite strong.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Amit. Listen, I think we've talked about inventory in the IT datacom market, and that's already having some impact here in the third and the fourth quarter. If I look at the overall interconnect market, taking really broadly our position, I mean, it's clear that we are outperforming and not just outperforming the sort of GDP or end market, but outperforming our peers.  And so when you think about the question of inventory, unless you are giving your customers a specific reason, a specific reason to build more inventory of your products then your outperformance should certainly not be a reflection of that inventory. And so I don't know what inventories we have in our -- amongst our customers. We have a sense of it in distribution. And there, I will tell you that it's relatively healthy. Nobody is ringing alarm bells in our distribution channel about inventory levels.  But if you look at our outperformance, unless we had created specifically problems that customers were trying to remedy by building buffer stock over problems, that would certainly not be a result of inventory. And I would tell you that over the course of the last 4 quarters, if not more, we have been solving problems for customers, not creating them. And so I personally think, in a qualitative fashion, as you said as the question qualitatively, that it doesn't fit with me that our outperformance would be and all related to an inventory build. Now is the overall market having some piece of inventory build, that may very well be, but I think that when you look at our overall performance at roughly 15%, as you say, organic growth expectation for the year compared to an industry and industry peers, who are quite a bit below that, you would probably come away thinking to quite a bit of that to share gains. But that's not a scientific assessment, because you didn't for one, I couldn't give you one. But I think qualitatively, I feel like we've made a lot of progress as a company.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Steve. I'm glad you asked about ICA. It's really a great company. And you mentioned all the cables, some of the acquisitions we've done. I mean, if I think back since 2019, we've done 20 acquisitions since that time, about five of those acquisitions were kind of diversified cable assembly acquisitions. I think we've made like three center acquisitions. We've made four fiber optics acquisitions. We've made six acquisitions of just connector companies. We've had one MilAero value-add company, one automotive, and that sort of makes up the 20. And each of those really helps us to broaden our position with customers, expanding our capability and making sure that we can cover every corner of the electronics industry on a worldwide basis. And ICA really goes towards all of those. ICA is a North America-based company, which I think is a very opportune thing right now. They have factories across the U.S. as well as in Mexico, servicing a real diversified range of applications across primarily the industrial market. Everything from electrified industrial vehicles to types of things that are used in factories, factory automation, to instrumentation, and I could go on and on and on because it's a very fragmented and diversified customer base. And what they bring us really is a real local presence close to customers where sometimes value-add interconnect proximity can be a real asset actually. Because if you're in an area where there's a lot of companies building things, designing things, and you can be their sort of neighbor and supporter and partner, that allows you to get in very early in the design cycle. And then if you have the breadth of Amphenol, if you have the access to low-cost manufacturing, low-cost sourcing of Amphenol, all of a sudden, you can turn that early involvement into a perpetuity and a strong long-term partnership. And that's something that we at Amphenol have been very successful in, in the past whenever we bought companies that maybe have a really nice proximity to a certain customer base, but a customer base who themselves is also globalizing. Not to mention the last thing, I'll say about ICA is, it's just great people. I mean, our company is made up of individuals, general managers around the world, who are entrepreneurs. And every time we bring in a company like an ICA, I'm just really amazed by the strength and the character and the entrepreneurship of the individuals that have joined as part of Amphenol. And I think at ICA, that's certainly the case. And we look forward to growing with customers where they're a little stronger than we were, to bring them into new customers, to helping them on connector technology, where we have a lot more to offer to give them a more total solution to customers and on and on. I mean there's so many levers of value that you have in these acquisitions, and we fully intend to take advantage of as many of them as possible with the team at ICA.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Luke. Look, I talked about this early in the year when we announced the evolution of our organization into the three divisions, which are now our reportable segments with three division presidents. And for us, it's all about the scalability of that unique entrepreneurial culture of Amphenol, whereby today, we have 130 general managers around the world. And what's really important in times of crisis, and also in good times, by the way, is those 130, they don't just operate in a vacuum. They don't -- yes, every day, you have a general manager, who's running his or her business, reacting in real time to what customers are telling them, reacting in real time to what's happening in the environment, whether it be the supply chain or how technology is evolving or whatever.  But also, they're working closely with our group general managers, who -- now we have 12 of those group general managers, who then work today with those division presidents to make sure that we're stimulating collaboration in real time to make sure that we're sharing best practices and information in real time, to make sure that we're cooperating with customers in real time, to bring to those customers the full suite of products. So in a time like this, the fact that now instead of just having one CEO doing that last year, that today, we have three division presidents, who are doing that on a much more active basis. They have three times as much time in their day by definition, as I have in my day, it means that we can have an even richer real-time reactivity to changes and dynamics that come in the marketplace. And that means opportunities, our ability to capitalize on them, our ability to migrate resources quickly towards those opportunities, it also means when there are challenges, how do we quickly react? How do we give support to those who sometimes have to do really tough things. Cutting cost is not a hard thing. It requires an enormous amount of moral support and time and discussion. And that kind of iteration and that interaction is just much more rich today with our three divisions than it was when it was just me with the seven groups that we had going into the end of this year. And so it's part of scaling the company, which has always been, as you know, one of my greatest priorities is to preserve the culture of Amphenol and then to ensure its scalability. Well, part of that scalability is making sure that when the next downturn comes along, we're just as prepared for it, and we have just the same ability to react positively as we've done in the past. And I think we've demonstrated for more than two decades that in difficult times, Amphenolians rise to the occasion immediately and deliver superior results. Whether that was in the bursting of the Internet bubble 20 years ago plus, whether that was in the global financial crisis, whether that was during the pandemic. In each of those times, the fact that our margins were down by just 300 basis points was a distinct and clear reflection of that culture, manifesting itself in that reactivity. And so the perpetuation of that culture, the scaling of that culture is really what this is all about. And so no doubt about it. I think in the big picture, that new divisions that -- those segments, as we talk about them publicly, that will clearly support the company to continue to do what we've always been known for.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thanks so much, Wamsi. Well, it's two questions, but I will say they're a little bit related, and let me say why. Look, if you look at our mobile devices market, it's been, as always, 1 of our most volatile markets. And I think if you go back over the last decade, we've had at least two fourth quarters, which were down in the kind of mid- to high teens on a sequential basis. So our outlook for this quarter being down sequentially low double digits, it's not a foreign concept to us that once in a while, you'll have a fourth quarter that will be down. I mean what we always think about in mobile devices, the one sure thing, and that's in a market where there are very few sure things is that the second half typically is quite significantly above the first half. And here, our guidance would imply that in the second half, we're still up north of 30% in the second half compared to the first half. So very robust and relatively normal kind of feel between the first and the second semester of 2022.  I did mention that the -- we saw -- at the end of the quarter, really, a very strong demand in mobile devices pulls from customers. And why was that? You could come up with a number of different theories. I mean my own theory is that if you think about mobile devices, which are still today primarily manufactured in China, there was not only just holidays in China, but there were some other events going on over the last -- over the first few weeks of October in China. And it wouldn't surprise me if maybe some customers were preparing for both those holidays as well as the various political meetings that happened in the country, and that may have led to a little bit of pull forward, as I alluded to, and that is also reflected in this guidance. I mean, look, relative to China, I think it's a tale of two cities here. One is, if you read the papers and if you watch everything, obviously, at the highest levels of the government, there's a lot of tension. And you would be blind not to recognize that there's a lot of political tension. There's various policies being enacted by the U.S. and there's various things that are happening in China that are all interpreted in that way, that there is some tension. At the same time, on the street, on the ground, it is pretty stable and kind of business as usual. We haven't seen funny things happening that 1 would sort of fear over the last few years. Our operations are running really great, and we continue to make great progress with local customers who need our technologies. And I think it comes back to something I've talked about in the past, which is that we operate globally as a local company everywhere that we operate. If you think about it, we're in 40 or more countries around the world. And each of our operations of those countries is run by general managers, who are from that place. And they run their business as if it was a local business, albeit with the backdrop of support, the resources and the capabilities and the breadth of a global Amphenol. And nowhere is that more true than in China, where our entrepreneurial management team there has just done a phenomenal, phenomenal job of making sure that customers know that they get local support, from local teams, local engineers, local quality engineers. This is not ex patriots. This is not us taking American technology and porting it over there to support. It is all locally developed and locally supported. And thus, in their times of need, our customers come to us when we can solve their problems. And that's what they do in the world over. And so while the headlines in the papers are what they are, I can tell you that on the ground, our team continues to operate very effectively and successfully across China. The one last thing I'll say, I'm sure in your question about China is embedded a question maybe about how COVID is going there. I'm just so proud of how our team has navigated the restrictions that were associated with zero COVID over the course of this year. Those were much more acute towards the end of the first quarter and into the second quarter, in particular in Shanghai, where our team just did a fabulous job. But there are still occasionally some little restrictions that are popping up. And our team has a fabulous playbook for it. And we don't have all our eggs in one basket anywhere in the world, and that includes in China. And so we have a very diversified and broad set of facilities around the country, such that we're not susceptible to a total impact if 1 place has a shutdown or another. So I would say it's very stable. I certainly hope that the world's governments can all get along. That's something that I personally hope for all of our sakes, but for Amphenol's position in China, we remain very robust, and we're very confident of the future.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. So I think just your little housekeeping question, I think -- I don't think it would have changed the book-to-bill with FX. Look, relative to M&A and the funnel, and we have a great pipeline of acquisitions. As I mentioned, over -- since the beginning of 2019, we've closed 20 deals through quite a cycle, I will say. I mean if you think about the cycle in which we've done that, this has been quite a cycle. And I think the compelling story of joining the Amphenol organization being part of something that is really special. It's something that we continue to tell to companies around the world, and we continue to find good reception to that. Does it become a kind of a buyer's market, for example, are sellers a little more skittish and were willing to sell. I'd be a little careful about in kind of overestimating the impact of the macro on the decision-making of sellers, many of whom are making the one decision in their life to do this. So in my experience, sellers are not kind of looking at what the S&P 500 is doing. They are looking at what the 10-year treasury is doing or looking at what FX rates are doing in that moment. When they think about selling, should they sell, should they not sell, and at what value. Can it impact on the margin, the current environment, what others are willing to pay for deals, and we're a very financially strong company. Maybe that could. I would hope that there's good reason among the universe of buyers around valuations. But we don't normally see just because macro shifts, a dramatic change in the M&A landscape. We have a fabulous funnel. We have a fabulous track record. We have a fabulous organizational culture that's really attractive to companies. I think all of those things will serve us well and will ensure that over the long term, we'll continue to find great companies become part of Amphenol. And I'll continue to be completely unable to predict when that's going to happen. But we're happy to have gotten one deal done here this quarter, and I'm confident over the long term we'll have some more.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thanks for the question. And look, I'm really happy to talk about the broadband market. It's always been a core for Amphenol even if there's been a few challenging years as the sort of operators in broadband were merging and buying each other and waiting for certain technologies to come. And with all that consolidation and that kind of waiting period, there was a relatively flat kind of investment in the broadband market. And what I think we've seen this year with the real spike up of our performance in this space and can only be termed out. If you look at where we are today on a run rate basis, we're more than 50% higher than we were a year ago. And over the last kind of three-four years, it was running at a relatively stable pace on a quarterly basis, broadband, and now it's at quite a higher level. And I think it's a reflection of really one thing, the extraordinary expansion of data traffic in the world and the necessity of operators to work to support that. I mean, think about all the things that we do on a given day. And there's rarely a minute that goes by where you're not somehow using some data somewhere and creating traffic. I'm going to give a little shout out, because I have a new baby niece, who my little brother had his first child just a few days ago, and I have spent more time on face time, looking at this beautiful young thing, whose name is Chloe. I have spent more time looking at this beautiful thing on real-time video over the last six days, then I think I have face timed ever in my life. I mean it's extraordinary. And the fact that you can sit in Connecticut and you can look on an iPad, and you can be looking at a baby that was born not very few minutes before that. And you can be experiencing that with the richness. Sure, you're not there, you don't smell the baby. You don't see everything around it. But you can actually see the thing that is there in all of her beauty. I mean, that is a sign to me of a world that demands a lot of broadband. And so what is that going to be in the future? Is there some momentum in the spending? I think there is some momentum here. There's also a lot of government funding. Let's not forget, I mean, a lot of this infrastructure bill here in the U.S. and there are other countries doing the same, has focused on the fact that there's a whole subset of the world who doesn't get to do what I just described, because they live in areas that don't have access to rural broadband. I mean, broadband is a utility. It's a necessity. It's in many ways a human right. And I think governments of the world have woken up to the fact that if you don't provide that access to people regardless of if they live 10 miles from the nearest paved road in the middle of Kansas or if they live in Manhattan, then you're not really enabling people to live a full life. And that -- we're really proud of what we do in the broadband space. And we've always stuck it out even when the spending wasn't growing. And I'm just so happy for our team and proud of our team that they are there today to enable the growth and the investments that are happening with our customers.
Adam Norwitt: For sure, Matt, and thanks so much. It's a great last question. Look, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, just how proud I am of our team working in this market. It is not easy. Let me tell you, it is not easy to be servicing a space, an end market and to have that end market drop by as much as it did in the case of broadband. And let alone to do it well, some of your fellow colleagues are in spaces that aren't dropping by that much. So you don't even have the misery less company kind of dynamic. And what is the playbook for Amphenol in times like that. It's not to run and hide, it's not to just cower and sort of drown in sorrows. You take quick action. You make sure that your resources that you have deployed are befitting the demand that you have from your customers. And then you go out and you build new basis of business and you take the opportunity of the crisis. And that's really important that you take the opportunity from that crisis to diversify your business even further, to support the customers who still need you in those difficult times. Because then when it comes back, you have a much broader, more stable, more robust and high potential business to run. And that's what our team, who works in commercial air has done. And so yes, we're not quite back to the kind of pre-pandemic levels, but the world is also not quite back to pre-pandemic levels. I mean certainly, there's more travel and airports are more crowded here. But Craig and I went to Asia recently and I can tell you, there's a lot less flights crossing the Pacific than they ever were before. So the sort of widebody, long-haul kind of part of the business travel that was a real big driver of aircraft demand, that is still yet to be fully recovered. But our team has just done a fabulous job of being there for our customers, making sure that we have the right resources and using the opportunity of the crisis such that when things do normalize and they're on the path to doing that, we'll be in a better position today than we were prior to the crisis. What we also see in aerospace and one of the areas where I'll tell you our team spends quite a bit of time because they had a little bit of extra time given the downturn with the major traditional jetliner manufacturers, is this whole world of kind of new aviation, electrified aviation, different kinds of small startups all over the place doing really innovative and exciting things. And our team is working on just dozens and dozens of programs with countless of these companies, large and small, who are trying to really change the face of aviation in a world where everybody wants to reduce the amount of carbon that's being put in the atmosphere. And we have so much going on around Amphenol that's in support of this decarbonization. And I'll tell you that our team in Comair has really stepped up there and has just a really pervasive presence designing new products that really suit the unique applications of some of these next-generation systems that may eventually make it such that we can get on a plane, and we won't be just belching carbon in the atmosphere as we're moving across the country. And I personally am really hopeful for that for me and for our next generation. And I'm really proud of what the company is doing in that respect.
Adam Norwitt: Well, operator, thank you so much. And in particular, thank you to everybody who is on the call here today. Thanks for your great questions. And I wish that everybody enjoys a wonderful fall, and we will be back together with you here in 90 days. And by then, amazingly, it will be 2023. So have a wonderful rest of the year, and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Thanks so much.
Craig Lampo: Thanks, Chris. Appreciate the question. No, we're really proud actually of the performance, both obviously here in the second quarter from a profitability, but certainly in the third quarter here, reaching 21%, matching our previous record that we had in the fourth quarter of 2018 and clearly, a very different cost environment. I mean, since the fourth quarter of '18, we've kind of had a pandemic. We've had supply chain challenges. We had a lot of inflation. We have energy costs. I mean you name it. And regardless of all that, I think we've been able to navigate that very well and just capitalize also on the strong demand environment and ultimately, be able to get our margins back up to kind of this level, I think, is just a testament to the overall management team. I would say that as we finished the third quarter, and I kind of said that similar to last quarter, I think we have offset a meaningful amount of kind of this inflation and supply chain-related cost pressures. I -- we certainly -- the management team has done a great job with that in managing kind of all elements of costs while continuing to kind of adjust price commensurate to the cost inflation. When we can't offset these with other actions, clearly, that's our priority to be able to do that within the bounds and the walls of the -- of our facilities, but we can't always do that. So you have to raise prices sometimes to your customers. And I think we've done a good job of all of that. In addition, I would tell you that I'm really proud that our team has continued to manage our cost structure even in these periods of robust growth. As you can see in our operating expenses and others that we've been able to really leverage that as we continue to grow and not necessarily just add resources and add costs with that robust growth. And I think that also puts us in a very strong position regardless of what the demand environment might be, whether it be robust or not robust. As we look into the fourth quarter, I would say that the incremental or the decrementals that we see kind of coming into the fourth quarter is based on our guidance is generally normal. I'd say it's within the range of our decrementals. It isn't anything more than that. So I wouldn't read anything into kind of those decrementals at all. I think the -- we still expect strong profitability given the revenue levels here in the fourth quarter, which is reflected in our guidance. Obviously, interest expense is having a little bit of pressure from an I perspective into the fourth quarter sequentially. But ultimately, operating margins, I think, continue to be very strong. I'm not going to necessarily kind of guide here to '23 in terms of operating margins, but what I could tell you is I do feel good about, again, as I said before, the overall performance of the team in being able to ultimately drive our incrementals at that 25% plus kind of operating leverage that we talk about and then ultimately, also being able to protect the bottom line, if the case may be that demand does drop in certain areas. And -- but ultimately, I feel pretty good about the profitability and certainly very proud of the team and their ability to achieve these record levels again.
Craig Lampo: Thanks, Jim. Yeah, I would say that our overall kind of capital deployment strategy, we certainly have talked about many times in the past. And certainly, over the last number of years, it's been in the lower interest rate environment, but we've had a similar capital deployment strategy over many different interest rate environments over the years. And it really has been consistent, and it's really resulted in what we believe to be a great return of investment to our shareholders. And in the strategy, kind of advise strategy before has been flexible and how it's executed over time depending on the economic and market conditions is in balance in regards to ensuring that we're deploying capital towards our M&A strategy, which really we believe provides the best return in our return of capital to shareholders, and that's both our dividend program and the return of repurchase program -- share repurchase program. And I would say, given that kind of strong free cash flow generation that we've had over the years that I can say with confidence is that really the rising interest rate environment really won't impact our overall capital deployment strategy. And I would say in any real meaningful way. I mean we continue to look to deploy that half of our free cash flow towards M&A over time, in that other half towards that return of capital to shareholders. And if opportunities that are more significant in acquisitions, we're certainly going to adjust that towards those acquisitions in a fast and flexible manner. And I think that we do generate a lot of free cash flow, and we certainly expect to continue to do so. So I wouldn't say that really the interest rate environment is going to change that. I think debt paydown is certainly something that we would do if some of those other levers just certainly M&A and otherwise, just isn't available to us. And we have been able to kind of maintain and in certain cases, pay down debt over time anyways, even giving all those different actions that we take. So I wouldn't say that the current environment has really changed the way we think about that.
Craig Lampo: Joe, thanks for the question. I actually wouldn't really call out any market that really has significantly lower margins. I mean some have lower gross margins, but then lower SG&A, and we talked about the structure being a little bit different depending on the market. But from an operating margin perspective, honestly, I wouldn't say that there's much of a significant difference. I mean, you see that there's some differences in our operations. Our segments have a little bit of a difference. But from a market perspective, I really wouldn't call that out. I mean broadband, which is really some -- it used to be more the cable business, and it really isn't only the cable business anymore, because some of the acquisitions we've done in that space that's really broadened our portfolio out in that market. And it's actually somewhat of the reason why we've seen some of this big growth historically was lower margin, but I wouldn't even call that out as some of this big growth has been -- having lower margins associated with it. So long-winded answer to your question is, I really wouldn't call out any particular markets.
