Richard Norwitt: So well, thanks very much, Mark. I mean, look, we -- our team reacts to what demand we get from our customers. And I think, whether that's come in prior years from sometimes gaining share or sometimes the programs that we're on have done a little bit better, I would tell you that this year, it was more just the volumes of the programs that we were on. There was more demand for the products that we were selling, and that's really the most simple explanation. And I think it really is a credit to our team for being able to react to that volume increase. And as I said, I mean, we had a volume increase in the quarter of quite significance on a sequential basis, 32%, from quarter-to-quarter. And to react to such an increase in volume and be able to satisfy that was really a testament to the team's agility in the face of what is, no doubt about it, the most volatile market that we work in. And look, as I explained in my prepared remarks, we see also the sort of commensurate reduction, which is more significant than we have typically seen, but that was because we saw this real incremental demand that we hadn't expected coming into the quarter. And if you look at this market over many years, we have seen many times where we were not really able to predict quarter-to-quarter what's going to happen. We've seen sometimes a very strong Q2. We've seen other times a strong Q3, and in this case, we saw a really strong Q4. And it's really no different in -- than we've seen in other years. The only difference here is that it kind of crosses the calendar year, and so it has a little bit of a magnified effect on the overall growth outlook for the company calendar year to calendar year. But it's just another reflection of the team's real ability to capture what opportunities are present for them and then to react when, sometimes, the volumes have a different trajectory on the downside. And I think our team has just done a fabulous job of that, ramping up the resources where necessary and ramping them down just as quickly as they need to in the face of the sort of seasonality that comes along.
Richard Norwitt: Sure. Thanks a lot, Mark. Yes, with regards to SSI, I think we actually talked about this a little bit also when we released our press release for it. But those EBIT margins for that company, it's a great company, it's just slightly below kind of the company average, not meaningfully below, but they are slightly below the company average. So in terms of the EPS accretion, we didn't really talk about that, and certainly, I wouldn't necessarily point that out specifically, but I'm sure you can probably calculate that yourself based on the EBIT margins I just mentioned.
Richard Norwitt: Well, first, I don't have a good crystal ball on mobile devices, Amit. I think we -- you've covered us long enough to know that. But look, I think what we both said, Craig and I, I mean, we -- the vast majority of our beat in the fourth quarter was really coming from mobile devices. So I would sort of say that the equivalent of that is what we would see as kind of a correction going into the first quarter, because that was really incremental to the plans. And we don't know, ultimately, who's selling what products, but we do have a general sense of what they buy from us. And so beyond that, I think it's the kind of normal seasonality. And look, normally, the first quarter is down somewhere between, I don't know, 25%, 35% is not abnormal to see. You have the holidays. You have Chinese New Year. You have all those various things. Is the first quarter a trough or not? I think that's -- again, I think it's hard to say with a crystal ball. I think we've given an outlook for the year that we would expect the year to be down in the kind of mid- to high-teens. What the cadence is over the course of each quarter, I'm pretty bad at predicting that. So I won't try -- I won't go out at the end of my skis on that one.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, I think, the government shutdown, I mean, it may have lots of impacts that I'm not privy to, but I think the one area that it doesn't seem to have an impact on is the defense industry. I think the DOD is not one of the division -- one of the departments that is impacted today by the government shutdown. I mean, we continue to see very robust demand in the military market. Obviously, we don't sell directly to the government in the vast majority of instances. The vast majority of what we sell is components that get integrated onto advanced military electronics systems, airplanes, vehicles, munition systems, communication systems and the like. And we're selling those to OEMs who are manufacturing those products. But I think, in general, we have not seen really any slowdown or any impact from the government shutdown on our really strong military business. And I think, when you look at the performance of our military business, really, over the course of the year, it's just a really outstanding performance, growing 20%, 19% organically, really continued momentum through the course of the year and, I think, with a continued strong outlook going into 2019. And I think it is a reflection, really, of two things. I mean, number one, we have worked over many, many years to broaden what was already an industry-leading position in military interconnect products, both through our acquisitions as well as really leveraging our technology capabilities around the company and packaging those technologies into the military, areas like high-speed and fiber optics and power. I mean, the sort of core pillars of interconnect technology, we've just -- our teams have done an outstanding job of packaging those for these next-generation advanced military electronics. And the places where you see these electronics going in these next-generation electronics is really amazing. I was just recently out in Michigan, and seeing what they're doing, for example, on next-generation electronification of military hardware, these are these really exciting areas where the military is pushing the limits of these technologies and where our team, by having broadened the range of products that we can sell, really becomes the first phone call on so many of these next-generation systems. And so, I think, look, regardless of whether there's a short-term government shutdown or otherwise, I think this trend towards adoption of new electronics in the military and our enabling of that adoption has a real favorable platform for Amphenol.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. I know it's not necessarily jibing with what everybody hears. But actually, we had really a strong performance in smartphones in the quarter. We had strong performance in other areas as well. And we do have a strong position in things like wearables. But today, our biggest business in mobile devices is really smartphones. We grew -- I will tell you, we grew in all the areas, whether that's phones or laptops or tablets, wearables, all the other sort of accessories. I mean, there are so many new types of mobile devices that continue to emerge. But we had very strong and really the strongest performance in smartphones. And I think to try to give a little color to that, we've been very successful at enabling with really new technologies, our products that sometimes can be used in new generation phones at a higher level of content and having a higher value into those products. And I think our team's just done a fabulous job of continuing to build on our content as those devices become more complex and as there's more value that can be embedded in them. And you'll know very well, Wamsi, our approach here has always been a very consistent approach. It's one where we say, we will participate in the mobile devices market to the extent that our product is really adding value to the end product of our customer. And as our customer develops products which have more complex hardware, different -- an array of signals that go into them and other things like that, that can create the opportunity for us to participate with more content. It doesn't mean we always win everything. Of course, it's a very volatile market. Everything is a new jump ball. But the opportunity is still there so long as there is still the innovation on the hardware side. As we've said before, if everything turned into a commodity that was just an empty host for software, then probably we wouldn't participate as much. But as long as we've been in this market, we continue to see customers innovating new platforms of hardware and seeing the hardware as a strong selling point to their consumers and as a differentiating point to attract, preserve or gain market share.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, I mean, look, we're really pleased with the progress of our sensor business really over the last half decade. It was just over five years ago that we made our first acquisition of the Advanced Sensor Business of GE, really, five years and a month ago, I think, exactly. And since that time, we have acquired, I think, the better part of eight businesses that have been complements to that original Advanced Sensor Business. And without giving a specific number for what sensors represent, because that's not necessarily how we portray the sales of the company, I would tell you that you look at all the acquisitions that we've made, with also some not insubstantial organic growth, and it's become a good business for us. And what we really like about the business, as you alluded to, is it's not just kind of a one-trick pony of a business. You have a lot of different diversified opportunities, predominantly across the industrial and automotive markets, but we've also started to see sensor opportunities in the aerospace market. And we'll continue to look for new areas across Amphenol's entire end market portfolio to really expand our sensor business. And the other thing that we've continued to see is a real strong benefit to us being able to go to customers with a comprehensive offering of interconnect, antennas and sensors. And more and more, whether that's in areas like Internet of Things or whether that's in next-generation connected heavy equipment or you go through the list, there are so many different areas where the opportunity to go to customers and give them really an end-to-end solution has -- becomes more and more compelling. And I think we've seen strong benefits from that, so far, and I think the stronger potential is still really in the future for that proposition.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, look, as we mentioned, I think we had really strong both years in both these markets in 2018. You'll remember, we came into 2018 with a little bit less sanguine outlook, in particular in mobile networks, where I think we came into the year, if I recall correctly, almost flat. And IT datacom was kind of a mid-single-digit kind of an outlook, and we ended up in both those markets growing organically in the high single digits. As we look now into 2019 -- look, I talked about the fact that there is -- there has been a little bit of building uncertainty in the world. I think these are coming off a very, very strong year in particular for IT datacom. And so as we think about our outlook for the coming year with some of the -- a little bit of conservatism maybe from some customers in the IT datacom market, given the overall kind of geopolitical world, maybe a little bit of that also in Asia, places like China, I think it's not -- nothing cataclysmic. I think we still see that as being a market where we're going to have growth in the year. And you can bet that our team's going to fight really hard for every opportunity that presents itself. Relative to the mobile networks market, I think we're really pleased to see a little bit more opportunities in 2018. And it remains a market where, I would say, we don't yet see the real strong impact coming from things like 5G or whatever next-generation networks are going to be called. But our team has done a great job of capitalizing on the opportunities that are present. And as we look into the year, to the extent that any of these networks get accelerated, no doubt about it, we'd be present to capitalize upon that.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, I mean, I'll say two things. In the fourth quarter, we actually had really strong growth in Asia, not surprising on one -- from one perspective, which is that the mobile devices is essentially all procured in Asia, if not all procured in China. And so when you have a strong mobile devices quarter, that tends to also bring the all of Asia. But interesting what I would also say is that even if you take out mobile devices in the fourth quarter, I mean, we still grew in the kind of mid-single digits in Asia. And for us, the vast majority of our business in Asia is in China. And so I think our team, despite all the sort of press that you read, despite all the hoopla and hue and cry about the trade war and the slowdowns and all of this, I think our team's done a really good job of ferreting out opportunities. But I would also point out that in the quarter -- in the fourth quarter, in Asia, for example, we grew in markets like automotive on a year-over-year basis. And I think that that's a market where there's been a lot of wide discussions around the volumes, which are down. And no doubt about it, the volumes are down. But I think our teams have done a great job of building on a growing position there, taking more position on next-generation electronics, which has allowed the company to offset that more subdued end market demand that has been there.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. I mean, I think when we first got into the sensor market five years ago, I remember very well talking about the fact that we viewed the sensor market at that time -- and again, we were kind of neophytes, let's be honest. We viewed the sensor market as having a lot of similarities to the interconnect market of several decades before. And what we saw was a market that is pretty fragmented, let's say, very fragmented: a lot of mom-and-pops, a few companies owned by conglomerates and then a much smaller number of larger, really strong players. And we saw that, and it reminded us very much of the interconnect market and the connector market that we've been a part of for so many years in that it creates an opportunity for one to build through an acquisition strategy of portfolio of products that can be both complementary and ultimately, valuable in their totality to customers. And so as we've thought about that over the years and we've I think successfully executed here on bringing in the better part of eight companies in addition to that first one, we have really viewed that on -- from two perspectives. One is building on our market position in sensors. So really, looking at the various markets that we participate in traditionally, which are very diversified, really kind of every nook and cranny of the electronics industry and trying to sort of plug the hole, so to speak, where we don't yet today have a sensor presence. And then also looking at the types of sensors, starting with things like temperature and pressure, gas and moisture and expanding to areas like position and recently, level sensors, speed sensors and a whole array of different types of sensor technologies. And by sort of thinking on those two trajectories of both end market as well as the sensor types, we're slowly able to build out a more broad presence and -- a more complementary and broad presence to our customers that we've been dealing with for many, many years. And I think that has been a really great strategy. Are we at the end of that strategy? I would say, far from it. I think we're still -- I'd say, five years is pretty early days. We've been in this business, Amphenol, for 87 years. So five is a relatively small proportion of the history of the company. But we still -- I think we have validated, at least for ourselves, the fact that, indeed, there is some -- that opportunity to both grow organically as well as grow through a thoughtful acquisition program.  And that's what we'll continue to pursue, a real thoughtful approach to adding new types of sensors, spreading those -- all of those sensors across new geographies, new applications. And then along the way, really, the most important principle of these acquisitions has been the people side. And I can just tell you, we've brought in fabulous individuals into the company who we probably never would have gotten to know had we not, at one point, said we want to get into the sensor market and expand really what we offer to customers, broaden really the reach of what our interconnect offering is to include sensors. And I'm very thankful that we did that because we have brought a lot of great people into the company. And those -- at the end of the day, those great people create also new platforms for future performance for the company.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. I think relative to the mobile networks guidance, I mean, what I can tell you is if we look at our performance here in the fourth quarter, I would say that we had stronger performance in North America. We had maybe kind of average performance in Europe and a little bit worse in Asia. And I think when you look at kind of our full year performance for mobile networks, it was -- really, we had probably much stronger performance in North America compared to the other regions, a little bit better, actually, in sort of the rest of the world areas. So as we go into now 2019, I wouldn't -- we don't necessarily guide by region. But I wouldn't expect it to be materially different. I think we still see robust opportunities in North America. I think our team in some of the other regions around the world, places like India and other kind of what we would call sort of rest of the world areas, we see good strength there. We'll be mindful, though, I mean, to the extent that one or another region comes first with a next-generation system, that could all of a sudden drive that region to have a little bit better performance. And sometimes, we've seen that in the past when you've had a new generation system.  Sometimes, it's a little bit of a regional arms race. And again, I don't think we expect that right now. But to the extent that, that materializes over the course of the year, that could skew it. But I wouldn't say that we have necessarily appointed, by region, a sort of an outlook here. Relative to your question about M&A and with the uncertain markets and whether you're talking about the volatility in the equity markets or otherwise, in our experience, this doesn't necessarily change buyer behavior. I mean, we look to buy companies that we work with for a long time. We try to get to know them over a long time period. And sometimes, the gestation of those relationships is not really necessarily related to external factors. And so does that mean that people are more willing or less willing to sell? I think it has depended. I think if you look at our track record over many years and over many cycles, I don't know that there's been necessarily a correlation between economic cycles and our willingness certainly nor our ability to successfully execute on acquisitions. I think we bought companies in good times and bad. I mean, we made -- I remember making my first acquisition as CEO in March of 2009, which was not necessarily the greatest economic environment.  So I think it really depends on the seller. Sellers sell for a lot of reasons. And those aren't necessarily and usually aren't typically driven by the -- either the stock market or the overall macroeconomic environment. But we have a great pipeline. We continue to work that pipeline very hard, and I think we have a great story to tell. The organizational culture of Amphenol really creates such a compelling and attractive destination for the right companies. And I'd say really the right companies, because we make sure we buy companies that have a real entrepreneurial fit with our organization. We look for great people, great products and great market position. And we look to pay reasonable prices for all of that, fair prices, let me say. And I think we were successful in doing that here with SSI, a company that we had courted and dated for quite a long time. And again, we have a great pipeline going forward, and we'll look forward to more acquisitions in the future. And as always, we'll remain very unable to predict the timing specifically of when those are going to come.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. So relative to -- I'll talk about industrial and auto for a second, and then let Craig talk about the -- answer your other question. I think organically, we would expect both industrial and auto to be in the sort of low- to mid-single digits organic growth. So I think in both cases, we said they're high single digits. So a little bit more than half of the growth coming out of M&A and a little bit less than half coming out of organic growth.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. I mean, we don't look at sort of overall vehicle productions and then extrapolate our outlook. Our outlook is really a bottoms up. We've described this I think before that the way that we come to a forecast is we go out, and we talk our customers, and we make some judgment about what they tell us. And then on the basis of that, we ultimately come with an outlook for the company. And nowhere in that mix is there kind of a presumption of what the market is going to be. And I think others have maybe a better handle on that. It's not something that we necessarily base our outlook on.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, look, I think one thing, Deepa, I'll credit you for doing good math here. And I think you made a good analysis. Look, I think overall, as we said, and it's no surprise, I don't think we're the only ones to observe this, there's no doubt that there's a little bit more uncertainty in the overall world right now. And for a whole variety of reasons, which I don't mean to extemporaneously talk about here today, I think the newspapers are full to the rim with enough things written there. Are there specific markets that have had an inflection? I think we talked last quarter about the fact that automotive here in the fourth quarter as we finished the year was a little bit weaker than we expected. And then ultimately, it was even a little bit touch weaker than we thought coming into the quarter. So I'd say that, that was -- if we want to talk about an inflection, it was a little bit weaker than we expected coming into the quarter. And we had weakened our outlook going into the quarter. That's one. I would say that if we look at like the industrial market, it's mixed. We've had some markets that continue to be very strong. I think I mentioned the fact that in the quarter, I mean, we saw strong performance from things like rail mass transit, medical and oil and gas, for example, a really strong performance. And then conversely, we saw some other areas that turned a little bit more negative, areas like heavy equipment, factory automation, instrumentation. And those are areas that maybe earlier in the year, we saw a bit more strength coming out of those segments in the industrial market. So are some of those more macro impacts having a little bit of impact on a few of those segments of the industrial market, a little bit more than certainly we thought a couple of quarters ago? I think that's kind of a fair statement. But look, military market and commercial air, we talked about I think we still have a very favorable outlook there. I think I already addressed the IT datacom and mobile networks market to one of your peers' questions. And then the broadband market, I think, is just kind of in a flat situation right now. As for the full year, it was not a great performer, a little bit worse than we had expected. I think that for the quarter coming up, well, while we do expect going into the first quarter, maybe a little bit of year-over-year growth, it's still kind of flat on a sequential basis. And our anticipation is that the market will be roughly flat for the whole year of 2019.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, look, I mean, I -- the starting point I would say is that it is a concentrated market on a relative basis. So there's only a few players out there, and there's even a smaller few who have a real strong position. And if you look historically, you will see that we did, in fact, have one year, I think it was back in 2015 where we had one customer that kind of peaked over 10%. And I would tell you in 2018, we also had one customer that did peak just over 10%. And it's not inconsistent with the concentration that we've seen in years past. Our presence with each of our customers in the mobile devices market is also very diversified. So you pointed out, there's a lot of different products that are sold by each of those different customers. And our goal in a market that is concentrated like mobile devices is: number one, to make sure that we're as diversified as we can be, given the opportunities in that space; but also, number two, to make sure as a total company, we remain very diversified. And so that's why, for us, it remains very important that you look at the company for the full year and not one of our markets was more than 19% of our sales. I think mobile devices was 17% of our sales for the full year of 2018. That was a little bit more in the fourth quarter, but it was a very heavy first quarter. And I think the fact that we ended up having that one customer peak a little bit over 10% was really because of this incremental demand for our products that we got in the quarter. It was quite incremental to what we had expected as Craig and I have already described a few times here. So I wouldn't say that there's any real change. I mean, I talked earlier to the fact that this is a market that is volatile between the quarters. It's a concentrated market. It's a market where you have to be extraordinarily agile in the face of that inherent volatility in the market. And it's a market that we're very, very pleased to be a part of. And we're very proud of the success of the company over a long time period when many other companies have not been able to be successful because they just were not simply agile enough to manage the variability that comes in that market. It's a very wonderful market if you can be agile. And I think our results here in the fourth quarter and in 2018 are a great reflection of that. And as we go into first quarter, and we have to make the necessary adjustments to the business, I can tell you that our team is already well on their way without even one word from us to make whatever adjustments need to be made in the face of the changing demand environment.  So I certainly wouldn't want to be 100% mobile devices, but I wouldn't want to be 100% in any of our markets. I mean, that's the beauty of our approach to really the electronics industry in the broadest sense is that we believe that it's important for the company to be present everywhere where there are opportunities in this sort of revolution of electronics that is going on over the course of our lives here, yet we don't want to bet on one or another in one of those areas. And so we continue to find that there are opportunities everywhere, that we should be as diversified as possible. And by being diversified, we get access and awareness of the new technologies, but we don't just put all our eggs in one basket. And I think that's true across-the-board in the company, but it's also true here within mobile devices.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. Well, I think you correctly termed that it's our pipeline -- I mean, bottoms up, I would tell you we're very involved here at headquarters. So I think it's -- I wouldn't say it's a bottoms-up driven process because Craig and I, together with our very small headquarters acquisition team, are extremely involved in every potential acquisition of any size. But look, the ideas for acquisitions certainly percolate around the company. And that's the beauty of having 110-plus general managers and my seven group executives around the world. I mean, they're our greatest sensory network to find these new acquisitions. They know who their great competitors may be. They know some of the products that may be complementary to their own. And that's a great resource, which is a heck of a lot better resource than just waiting for pitch books to show up on our desks from investment bankers. Now look, are we skewing away from Internet? I would say, absolutely not as they interconnect. I mean, we continue to have a pipeline of great interconnect companies. And if you look at our acquisitions, just in the last year, I guess, two of them were sensor companies and two of them were interconnect companies.  One of them was really a value-add interconnect. The other one was a really high-technology connector products company, and then the two sensor companies of All Sensors and SSI. I think if you looked into prior years, you'd also see a blend of that. I would rather say that when -- again, over the last five years, when we got into sensors, it opened up a new avenue, a kind of a new platform of acquisitions, but not to the expense of our continued strong drive to find complementary interconnect companies, antenna companies and sensor companies. Now to your question of is there something else out there that we may further extend our portfolio of interconnect companies? There may very well be. But I can tell you this, we are not acquiring companies just to become a holding company of a bunch of unrelated components. I mean, we view this as a very, very strategic drive to be able to offer our customers a broader suite of interconnect under the broadest definition of what that is. And that, in our mind, includes connectors, value-add interconnect products, sensors, antennas and all that is associated therewith. And so we're not going to just go and acquire random companies to add incremental revenue to the company if it doesn't make really strategic sense to how our customers view us as an interconnect partner to them. But are there new areas and accessories or ancillary products that are really part of that family that we could expand into? Yes, for sure, there are. And what those would be is hard for me to tell you at this point. But we'll continue to look to, as I call it, extend really the reach of the interconnect products that we sell to our customers on a broad basis. And we do that -- by the way, it's also organically, not just through the acquisition program, but always looking organically at our own internal innovation and product development to satisfy those needs as well.
Richard Norwitt: And Jim, with respect to mobile devices, you have a good historical perspective. In 2016, our sales were down 15%. I think what I said in my prepared remarks is, we do expect in the full year 2019 sales to be down in the kind of mid to high teens. So mid to high teens could imply a little bit worse than the 15% that we had in 2016. But I think you correctly pointed that out and I think, Deepa, also, earlier did the same math, which is that with this incremental sales that we had in the fourth quarter, there is some impact -- some not insignificant impact from that on to the year-over-year comparison in mobile devices as we go forward into 2019.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. So I think in -- for the full year, organically, on a regional basis, I would say, we had strong performance both in Asia and North America and a bit weaker performance in Europe. I think we were actually in Europe down a bit. And in North America and Asia, both growing on a year-over-year basis in the kind of low double digits, sort of flat -- Europe was a little flat.
Richard Norwitt: Yes. I mean, we don't really split out orders by market. But I wouldn't tell you that we saw any sort of dramatic reductions in orders in any of those markets. I mean, you have a little seasonality that sometimes comes. I think that the overall performance of the markets that we both reported in the fourth quarter, as well as how we've guided in the first quarter, is kind of a reflection of the rough magnitude of the order trends in each of those markets. I wouldn't say that there was this sort of real shocking disparity in orders.
Richard Norwitt: Well, look, pricing at a premium in the mobile devices market is not the easiest thing in the world. So I wouldn't say that anything ever gives you the right to kind of price at a premium. It's a competitive market, and you got to be lean and mean on your cost. I think, look, a year ago, we talked about the fact that as we came into the second half of 2017, we really were coming to the rescue of our customers in a few instances where some of our peers had kind of fallen down and were not able to satisfy, both technically and capacity-wise, the needs of the customers and we were able really to step in and solve those problems. And I think if we look at our performance this year, I think the strong performance that we've had this year was less related to that dynamic and more related to the fact that our customers do reward you for bailing them out when they need to be bailed out. And I think it doesn't give you a free pass. It doesn't give you a carte blanche or anything like that, but it's part of the mix of considerations that a customer goes through when they decide to whom are they going to award business. And business is not awarded in our industry just on price. It's awarded on reliability. It's awarded on quality. It's awarded on technology. It's awarded on the ability to meet the execution requirements and the volume of the customer and the terms of the arrangement. I mean, there's a whole complex array of considerations that our customers go through before they ultimately decide to whom are they going to work with, number one. And number two, to whom are they ultimately going to award what share of their business going forward. And I think when you have demonstrated consistently as we have over many, many years that we're there for our customers when they need us, well, that is not harmful to that calculus. Is it just positive? Is it the only thing? No. Absolutely not. But it certainly gives you a little extra thumb on the scale in the whole mix of considerations. And so I think when we look at the teams' great work that they did this year, growing more than 40% on a year-over-year basis, clearly, that was not just a reflection of a transactional relationship of 2019. It was on a continuum on a buildup of sort of credibility and the reputation that we built with those customers over a long time period, together with the transactional discussion that you have on every new platform in that very volatile market.
Richard Norwitt: Well, operator, thank you very much. And I'd like to extend my thanks to all of you for your close attention. And I wish you all a great start to the New Year, and we look forward to speaking with you all again here in a short 90 days. Thanks so much.
