R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, thank you very much, Amit. I think the first quarter was not different from most first quarters, where January was a strong month, February with Chinese New Year, as you can imagine, was not as strong and the quarter finished very well in March. So nothing really abnormal in the demand trends.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Matt, for the question. I think what I meant to say in the prepared remarks is we would expect it to be slightly down in the second quarter. We expect it to sort of be at those levels throughout the course of the year. We don't expect a kind of quarter-by-quarter continual reduction in demand. I think that the market has been soft for some quarters, and all the anticipation of what has been going on in the government spending arena with sequestration and otherwise. Now you can bet that our actions at the factory level, at the organizational level, at the SG&A level are appropriate, given the amount of demand that we have seen, and that organization is extremely agile. They have taken the actions to reallocate resources to higher growth areas, to remove those resources that are not necessary, whether in the factory or otherwise, and that's something that we will continue to do always in Amphenol in real time. I mean, if you just look across the company on roughly a 6% sequential reduction in sales in the first quarter, our headcount was also down by about 6% in the quarter. So that's something that we always as a company -- we don't wait for the market to tell us otherwise. Our general managers are constantly reacting in real time to whatever changes in demand may come. If demand moves up in military, if it were to do that, then they would make appropriate adjustments on that side as well.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, Jim, thank you very much for the question. I mean, we're all very proud that the company continuous to be a great generator of cash. And as Diana said, our top priority for that cash continues to be the M&A program. Last year, we had a very successful year in the M&A program. We made 5 acquisitions in 5 totally different markets, which added tremendous, tremendous new platforms of growth for the company. And you know after having followed the company for so many years, that acquisitions are not coming regularly every quarter, every month or whatever. They come on a very regular basis. We work them through our pipeline, but at the end of the day, when you get ultimately the seller to decide to sign the paper and close the deal to us, that's something that is very hard to predict. I'm not going to tell you that we will close a deal every quarter like we were fortunate to do last year, but we still have a very, very robust pipeline of acquisitions. You mentioned the tax issue from last year, where by maybe on the margin, there may have been some sellers who if they were already destined to sell at some point, the coming tax changes of 2012 or at the year end of 2012 may have on the margin pushed them slightly over the edge. That was not though such a major driver of why we were able to do those acquisitions. We are constantly working with companies in a variety of industries across the real breadth of the markets that we serve to incubate that acquisition pipeline. And that's something that we continue to do, and where we continue to believe that there's great opportunities for further acquisitions in the coming quarters and years. Whether those will come in the second quarter, in the third quarter, that, we can't tell you right now. But certainly, at such time as we do that, you will be the first to know and we'll be very proud to have those. The company, Amphenol, remains today in this industry what I would call the acquirer of choice. Our track record of having completed more than 50 acquisitions over the last dozen years and the unique entrepreneurial way that we organize our company is extremely attractive when you talk to outside companies, and that attractiveness has not changed. So we look very much forward to continuing to deploy our cash towards acquisitions in addition to the various other levers for cash deployment that Diana has talked about. When that will come here, again, we will let you know when it happens.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, thank you very much, Amitabh, for the questions. And first, with respect to automotive, we were also very happy with the 17% growth. I mean, just remember, our automotive business has been on a great trajectory for the last 3 or so years. If we go back to the kind of the beginnings of 2009, automotive represented for 5%, 6% of sales. In this quarter, it was 12% of sales. So we have really executed on the strategy that we've been talking about, which was to drive organic new product development [indiscernible] at the same time as we complement that with some very, very nice high-technology acquisitions. [indiscernible] in addition to a little bit of normal seasonality. It was clearly the result from new programs that are ramping up, share gains that we have been able to capitalize upon with customers around the world. And that is something that we feel has the potential to continue as we look forward to an automotive business that has a lot of momentum behind it for Amphenol. The basis of all of that has been the fact, and not a new topic that I have mentioned in the past, is really the fact that we see in the car today more electronics applications that allow us to create true value in our interconnect products for our customers, and thereby to realize the profitability returns that we would expect to have. That just was not the case historically in the automotive market, and today, we just see more and more new applications that are coming out that allow us to really participate. And we're participating with components, and we're participating with real significant interconnect value-add products with customers around the world. Now relative to Wireless Infrastructure, we were again very pleased to see 2 quarters in a row of growth on a year-over-year basis. I mentioned that the growth driver this quarter was more what I would call the sell-side installation products. These include our antenna products [indiscernible] growing array of interconnect products that go into sites, sold both to operators, as well as to OEMs. And so we actually feel very good about the momentum in that part of the market. Now ultimately, will the operators on a worldwide basis continue to drive spending that we all know is necessary to support the coverage and the capacity of these overly stressed networks? That, I think, still remains to be seen, and that's why we remain cautious about that market going forward, but to the extent that the spending happens, our position in the market, both with OEMs, as well as with operators, is very, very strong. Now you also alluded to the geographical trends in that market and I think, not surprisingly, North America has been probably, as a result, North America was where smartphones and tablets and whatnot first exploded onto the scene. North America seems to still be the place that has some of the most robust growth and robust investments in these next-generation networks. We're hopeful that China will be following behind. Europe, it still remains to be seen, how the economics are going to work out there relative to when that investment schedule will happen. Ultimately, we all know it has to happen, and we will be there to participate when it does.
R. Adam Norwitt: No, thank you very much, Wamsi. It's a very interesting question. In all honesty, we don't compete a tremendous amount with a lot of companies from Japan. As you know, we traditionally don't have a huge Japanese business. That has not been historically a huge market for us, and I would tell you that I don't personally have any real anecdotal evidence about pricing behavior because we just don't -- we are not really going head-to-head so frequently with the more well-known companies in Japan.
R. Adam Norwitt: Again, I wouldn't say that there's been any noticeable change that would be at all meaningful to the company. I'd still go back to the fact that when that company was acquired, they broadly talked about that they wanted to increase the margins of the company, and we continue to look forward to them trying to do that by being disciplined on pricing, and so, no, I have not seen any dramatic changes there.
R. Adam Norwitt: No, to be honest, I'm talking about it both because you're seeing now more and more converge systems, Brian, and so the -- where servers and storage and networking equipment were traditionally very, very distinct pieces of equipment, that's not always the case anymore. And so I think that some of these next gen systems, there will be more and more conversions. We saw strength in the quarter in storage as well as in servers. We didn't see as much strength in networking in the quarter, but our ongoing design activities are really across all 3 of those areas, and I think the fact is, is video taxes all of them. You got to process the video. You got to store it somewhere, and you got to route it around the world when people want to consume it. And so what we have heard and seen with all of our customers across all those equipment verticals is that the nature of data and the volume of data that they need to be able to process in these systems is just mind boggling in many ways. I mean, the logarithmic growth in this video-based data traffic is incredible. And we see that whether one is designing a new server, a new storage system, a router, a switch, you name it. That is sort of the common story that we're hearing from all of our customers. And we're very fortunate because we have been a leader in high-speed technology in the real core of these IT systems, starting with the backplane system that came out of our acquisition with TCS and expanding throughout to I/O connectors to cable assemblies and beyond. And our continued drive to create leadership in that market with next gen systems that push the limits of copper capabilities, which is what customers truly want to have has really positioned us well. We also see that power is an area of all these equipment. Again, whether that be storage, servers or networking, where our customers are struggling with how do they deliver to their end customers a new value proposition, which is thus that operating cost will be lower and power consumption will be lower. And so we've seen a lot more innovation around the power interconnect bus bars, power management systems, whereby, if you can help them with -- drive further efficiency in that system, that creates a lot of value for the customers, and thereby, allows us to capture business at good margins.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, I think what we look forward to in the June quarter, we think there can be moderate growth overall in the market, and as has been the case for a number of quarters, we see more of that growth being driven by what I term these mobile computing devices as opposed to just simple phones.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, I like your name, Adam. I think in China, we have seen, I'd say, normal trends. I think we are very happy to see that relative to our factories that the kind of typical disruption from a manufacturing standpoint that we saw, we saw that last year, we saw it probably the year before, seems to have been a little bit more smooth this year. And that's reflected also in our customers, and so to that extent, because our customers also didn't have these big kind of tumultuous labor turnovers, that allowed our demand to be also, I'd say, more normal in the quarter. Obviously, February is low in China. March tends be a comeback and that was no different relative to the overall Chinese economy and the overall demand in China. Again, we haven't seen anything really out of the ordinary or notable beyond the fact that it's still a market that grows at 2 or 3x the rate of most of the developed economies in the West, and that creates a lot of opportunities for us in a variety of markets that we participate in there.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure, well, thank you very much, Sherri. I think maybe in order of where we would see the strength, I think I mentioned that we expect in broadband, for example, to see somewhat substantially more than typical seasonality. And that's something that we feel very good about, given all the benefits that I talked about with the recent acquisition and the product expansion. We expect industrial to have good performance sequentially. Aerospace continues to look also like a market that would have good performance, and the IT market, actually, we anticipate that market probably performing a little bit better than the average in the quarter sequentially.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean I wouldn't tell you that there's anything of note. We've given guidance here for the quarter and for the year, and I think the orders in the quarter, so far, certainly would support that guidance. And to the same -- by the same token, I would say that behavior of customers in the month of April compared to the month of March, there, we haven't seen any notable changes.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. Look, this is an ecosystem, as you termed it, that changes constantly. And so we have seen more than a decade that we've been having significant business in this market, that there's always change. There's change in form factors. There's change in functionality. There's change in what functions are integrated into those systems, and that is no different. No doubt about it, as you said, there are certain phones getting bigger. There are certain tablets getting smaller. There are new tablets coming. There are ultrabooks, which starts to behave like tablets. There are laptops start to behave like ultrabooks. I mean, you can get your head spinning when you start talking about the dynamics in that market, which is why we look at it much more simple. As we look at that market and how we have always approached that market is we will participate in a market where we can create value for our customers, where there's value in the innovations that we make through our interconnect, our antenna, our mechanism products that we sell into that market, whereby we help to make the customer's product better. And if we can do that for the customer, then, ultimately, they will pay us a reasonable price for the product, and we can have good progress with that business. That's what we have been able to do, in particular, on a lot of these new devices and as more new devices come out, mobile computing devices, to the extent that they need innovation, and I think it's a sure bet that somebody is going to need that innovation, then we will participate and have a good opportunity for growth in that market. But what it will be in the next quarter and the coming quarters, it is virtually impossible to predict with any degree of certainty very far down the road what that's going to be. But at the end of the day, I think one can rest assured that the innovation is going to be required by our customers, whoever they may be at the time, in order for them to sell the latest generation products to their customers and thereby be successful, and that's really the measure for us in terms of how we participate in that market. So obviously, it's a very important market for the company, one that is a very dynamic market and it's one where we have been extremely successful in the back of that very simple principle.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure, well, thank you very much, Steve, appreciate the questions. I mean relative to new electronics in the military aerospace market, this is something that has been ongoing, and the fact is, is without our participation in some of these new electronics, even in the first quarter, our performance would have been much worse than it was. I mean, the overall spending environment is clearly not a favorable environment. And so it really is on our shoulders and on our organization around the world to continue to drive leading innovation. We're very fortunate though, because we have such a broad position and such a reputation as the technology leader in that market that customers come to us when they need to create those innovations. And now, the military equipment manufacturers, they got to differentiate. They cannot just live on a rising tide anymore, rather, they got to create this kind of more bang for the buck new technologies for their end customers, whatever government that may be around the world. And so we have seen tremendous participation in that, the new radar systems, for example, in the U.S. and Israel, early warning and missile-defense radars, things like that, where new electronics have been incorporated and which allows us to offset what would otherwise be budgetary pressures in that market. That is going to benefit for us in the first quarter. We believe it will continue to be a benefit for us, going forward, long-term. And when does that drive growth or not, obviously, there is an overall budgetary environment, which we would fight against, but that gives us a tremendous opportunity to have success, regardless of the budget. Relative to our manufacturing footprint, we operate a lot of factories around the world because we have a very unique organizational structure and just to remind everyone, that is a structure, whereby we have individual operating units with general managers, who truly run accountable businesses around the world. Part of being accountable is being flexible, and we pride ourselves on a constant degree of flexibility in how we make things and where we make things. These aren't decisions that Diana and I are making here in Wallingford, Connecticut. These are decisions that get made on the ground in realtime, depending on the needs of our customers and the requirements of the various dynamics of costs that are coming. So to that end, yes, we continue to operate in China. I think we have today 28 factories in China. We have significant people in China. But by the same token, we continue to strengthen in Mexico, in India, in Eastern Europe, and we continue to prospect for new locations to support customers around the world. And so it is an ongoing, very fluid manufacturing footprint for Amphenol, as we seek to continue to have that very flexible approach. At the same time, I should just say relative to China, yes, the costs in China have gone up and yes, the renminbi continues to appreciate, but we also have a lot of customers and a lot of business in China. China is a tremendous market for the company. And so I cannot imagine very easily a scenario whereby one would move production, say, to Mexico to reexport back to China. That's not something that probably would make a lot of sense. At the same time, though, we are seeing some movement of production back to North America and predominately to Mexico, where that makes sense for customers in this market. So it continues to be very dynamic, and we will continue to approach that with a degree of agility that we think is really typifying the Amphenol management style.
R. Adam Norwitt: Thank you so much, Steve. And if there are no other questions, we appreciate everybody's interest in the company, and hope that you also have some of the first signs of spring that we are seeing here in Wallingford, Connecticut. Thank you all very much.
Diana G. Reardon: Yes, I think that, Amit, we don't guide to incremental share buybacks when we give guidance for the company. I think that what we said in the past would still be consistent as we look out into the future, and that is that we do try to have a balanced approach to the deployment of the company's financial strength. As you mentioned, the acquisition program clearly is the #1 priority because it provides the best both top line and bottom line growth potential for the company over the long-term, but we have over the last few years. Certainly, it's been active from a stock buyback program, and also we'll consider and continue to look at the dividends. But I think if you look back and look at the way that we deployed the stock buyback in the past few years, it wouldn't be an unreasonable assumption to think that we would probably continue that, again, borrowing whatever capacity we think we need to sustain the acquisition program in the future.
Diana G. Reardon: I think we make good money in all of our markets. And so I think there is certainly a distinction, if you look from a segment perspective, between the cable business and the interconnect business, but we're talking about -- interconnect business is what we're primarily talking about. With these markets, we -- the change in market presence historically has not had an impact on margin, and we wouldn't expect that going forward.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure. Look, I think, it seems in the last few weeks that there's been a pretty big movement down in certain commodity cost. You mentioned copper, gold, and I guess that we would be the first to applaud and be pleased if such an environment continues and these prices continue to come down and clearly, if they do come down, once you work through existing inventories that are on hand, clearly, we would -- there would be a reduction in cost for us and for the rest of those who use those materials. I think that the impact on margin is a somewhat more complicated equation that also has to do with what happens to pricing and demand in an environment like that. But what I can tell you is that if there is a margin enhancement opportunity that presents itself because we do get into a better environment from a commodity perspective, I think that the team here certainly would be the first to capitalize on it and would be thrilled to be in an environment that was different than it has been in the last few years where commodities have really been a big pressure, I think, for all manufacturers. So we certainly look forward to hopefully having the opportunity to see those costs at a lower level, but the impact on margin ultimately will depend upon also that balance with the pricing environment.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure, I think as you pointed out, it is normal for us to have a good book to bill in the first quarter. And if you would go back over the last probably 4 or 5 years, probably 50% of that time, the book to bill is probably 1.03 to kind of 1.04 kind of range. So I wouldn't say it's an abnormally high book-to-bill ratio, but I would on the other hand say that it certainly is a strong orders. I think the order level is up something like 9% on a year-over-year basis, and so it is, I think, a positive sign. That does confirm the sequential increase in sales that you see in our guidance in Q2. So I wouldn't say -- again, it's not an abnormally high book-to-bill, but it certainly is a good one and I think that supports the Q2 guidance.
Diana G. Reardon: I think that there is some contribution from both, I would say, Shawn, in those numbers. There is some diversity relative to the product mix in the traditional business prior to the contribution of the acquisition. And I think when you -- if you would look at the sequential improvement as an example between Q4 and Q1, where we did have a good improvement in margin, that primarily was a stronger mix of sort of our traditional cable products. If you would look in the back half, I think there probably is more -- at the back half of 2012 probably a little bit more contribution from the acquisition, which does have in general a higher ROS level than some of our other products.
Diana G. Reardon: I think that the communication market, in general, tend to be stronger in the second half of the year without getting into a discussion [ph]. Specifically, we just wanting to nail down the trends for each quarter for the full year by market would probably not be something we'd like to get into. But I think, in general, we would look to see a continuation of really what we're guiding to in Q2, which is a strengthening in most of the communications-related markets in the back half.
