Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Mark. Look, customers place orders to us and we can't always exactly pinpoint what the demand is, except we know that when they tell us they want the product. And I wouldn't tell you that we've seen any dramatic lengthening of lead times or longer-dated orders per se. You mentioned the widely reported discussions around semiconductor availability in a variety of markets. I think our customers are pretty smart. And while they may be chasing lots of semiconductors or trying to put orders on those kind of products, they know that our products are available for them. And we haven't disappointed them throughout this year, even with the disruptions early in the year, even with the significant increases in certain of our markets in the second half. So I wouldn't necessarily say that customers are lumping us into that kind of semiconductor category. I think that customers are looking to us, no question about it, on the basis of the fact that we were there for them when they needed us most. In particular, as many of our customers coming out of the pandemic, had certain -- some parts of their supply chain, which still had a lot of disruptions. And the excellent job that our team did in recovering from those disruptions, whether that was early on in the year, with bringing all of our factories in China back to full production, substantially earlier than many or continuing in through later part of the year with the recoveries that we saw, for example, in automotive and industrial and other markets. So, I think that our team is doing a good job of making sure that we get more than our fair share of our customers' bandwidth and orders, and we're going to keep driving for that.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, look, it's a fair question, Amit. I think we had just outstanding performance in the fourth quarter in both of those markets, as you know, 29% and 24% organic growth in industrial, 24% and 19%, respectively, in automotive. I think that we are outperforming by any measure, I would say the various markets. But does that mean that they are taking our product and putting it on the shelf? No. I mean, we don't see that whatsoever. But, at the same time, there is still uncertainty in the marketplace. We're not giving guidance for the full year. We have done an outstanding job of supporting our customers when they needed us in the ramp up after the various disruptions. And regardless of what happens in end demand, I believe that our position with customers is stronger than ever. Now, I should also mention that, whether it's in industrial or in automotive and obviously, industrial has a lot of different segments within it, we see continued content gains in both of those areas, which are greater than just the end unit demand. And that's the trend of adoption of electronics into all types of systems, all types of equipment, all types of products. And if anything, we've seen that adoption accelerate over the course of this year for a variety of reasons and much has been reported about the acceleration, for example, of electric drivetrains in cars, where we benefited greatly for that. But we've seen a lot of very similar dynamics across the multiple segments within the industrial market. So, look what does this mean for the second half of 2021, again, we're not giving guidance for the year. There is a lot of uncertainty related to the pandemic, but I think our position with our customers is stronger than ever before.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, without getting into too deep of a technical discussion here, I think you already kind of answered the question as I would answer, which is, we are agnostic. The fact is, we are a significant supplier of interconnect products, antennas and sensors into the automotive market. And to the extent that there is next-generation developments, new architectures in the car that create a kind of an open field to help enable that, that's always been a benefit for Amphenol in the long term. And so I would expect the same that to the extent that things become, how you say, more -- less wired or more wired, more wireless. The fact that we are a manufacturer of interconnect antennas and sensors positions us very well regardless of what that outcome is.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Craig. I mean, look, I think the only thing that I would say is really unique about MTS is the fact that it's a public company. It's our first public company acquisition. But, in terms of scale of the acquisition, you'll recall that we made the acquisition of FCI, I think it's been, what Craig, six years or so since that acquisition and at the time when we were a substantially smaller company. FCI was about a $1.2 billion purchase price, and this is $1.7 billion less the proceeds from the Test & Sim business. So, I wouldn't say that the size is unique. But the process is a little bit more unique with the public company process. And then with the strategic review that we did, that ultimately resulted in an outstanding outcome of us negotiating together with Illinois Tool Works, or ITW, the disposition of the Test & Simulation segment to ITW. And ITW is just an outstanding company. MTS is an outstanding company. And you know how we feel about Amphenol. So, I think this is a three really outstanding companies ending up in a real win-win-win for all parties, whether that's the shareholders of MTS, whether that's Amphenol or whether that is, in fact, ITW. From our position, the MTS Sensors business, which is what ultimately attracted us to MTS, it is just extraordinarily complementary. I mean, I'd say virtually no overlap with our own sensor offering, extremely harsh environment products used in a variety of really high technology applications. These are sensors that are used in force and vibration, pressure, position, really at the highest level of reliability with also complex interconnect systems associated there with. And so, from a -- when we talk about the complementary aspect of the MTS Sensors business, it is really just that unique -- uniquely complementary set of products across the end-markets where we very excited by. And then you add to all of that, just a wonderful, wonderful management team across the business. By the way all of MTS, we've just been so impressed with the people at MTS. But particularly with the MTS Sensors team, we're just so excited by this entrepreneurial organization and it's a team that we've known for a long time. This was not a kind of last minute thing here, far from it. We've known this organization for a very long time and we're very excited, subject to the shareholder approvals, subject to the regulatory and other closing conditions, we're very excited one day to welcome them into the Amphenol family.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean, the simple answer to -- you said it at the end, do we see it as a core part of our portfolio? For sure. And it's very different than the situation with MTS. In the case of MTS, we were drawn to MTS because of the sensor business. We were impressed, by the way, very impressed with the team and with the business of Test & Simulation, but it's a different business for us, really categorically different and that was why we talked about having a strategic review. And in the end, I think a great outcome for all parties with the agreed sale to ITW. In the case of our Cable Products, Cable Products are an integral part of an interconnect system that is used in particular for getting high-speed bandwidth to customers and to companies. And what we've said all along is, yes, the Cable Products segment may underperform from an operating margin perspective for the moment, we don't want to be in the business of picking the winners and losers of how people and companies are going to get Internet connectivity to their homes, to their businesses, to the universities, to the governments. We want to be betting really on every possible way of doing that. And thus, our position with the cable operators, with the MSOs, is a very important strategic position for Amphenol. And that importance, by the way, carries over into our interconnect segment, where the strength that we have, the reputation that we have, our ability to service these service providers as opposed to OEMs, has been a fabulous value to the rest of the Company, in particular, as we've seen other markets move more towards the service provider market. And let me just give you an example of that. You take the IT datacom market, which traditionally we were selling products that go just directly to equipment manufacturers. Well, as I think everybody on the call knows, over the recent five or more years, maybe even a little bit more than half a decade, we've seen increasing strength and increasing demand from web service providers. How you work with a service provider is very, very different than how you work with an OEM, who ultimately is making a piece of equipment in a factory. And our experience in the Cable Products has been invaluable to our team in making sure that we can react to the demand and the volatility of the demand that is really endemic in any service provider business. When I look at our results this year, in particular in IT datacom, where we did see extremely strong demand from service providers, our ability to react on a moment's notice, the mindset of that is a mindset that we developed, that we incubated originally in our Cable business. And I think that that's just a great reflection of the broad value that we see in that business, beyond just the fact that it does have today a little bit lower margins, to much smaller piece of our business that it once was, but it's still an important part of Amphenol's strategy.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks very much, Nick. I think this is not an abnormal guidance that we see. Look, we had very, very strong performance in mobile devices this year. We came into the year with an expectation of the market being flat. I will tell you, I mean, we didn't give guidance at the time, but had you asked me at the end of Q1, what would mobile devices be for the year? I probably would have thought it would be even down given the disruptions that we saw in the first quarter to our China facilities. And the vast majority, if not all, of our mobile device production is really in China and all of those factories were shut down, as you know, for the better part of three weeks, due to the early stage of the coronavirus. And then our team just did an unbelievable job of reacting to the strength in the market. And the strength this year, well, there was, on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter, strength in smartphones, where we really saw a lot of strength this year, was maybe not surprisingly in devices that are needed by people when they are working, when they're learning, when they're being entertained at home. So, things like laptops; things like tablets; we saw a lot of strength in wearables, I know, a lot of people got on health kicks and maybe these wearables can be very useful there; a lot of strength in things that go in your ears, hearable devices as we call them, and probably because you have a lot of people doing work and school from home and they might have other people in the same house and they want to have some privacy. Whatever the reason is, there was just a great amount of strength and our team was able to react to quite unexpected demand. And so, as you go into the first quarter, I think that we would expect normally some relaxation of that demand. I mean, look, anecdotally, I tried to buy Christmas presents for my wife and my daughter of a computer, because they both have really old computers and I totally failed as a father and a husband and they each got their present, one got it about a month late, and the other one still hasn't gotten hers. So, there was a real demand back in the fourth quarter, in particular for these devices. And I think we wouldn't expect such a continuation here in the first quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, actually Luke, it's a great question. The simple answer is, yes. Our team work in industrial, our team work in automotive and there's a lot of crossover, by the way, in those teams. There is an enormous amount of interaction from a technology, from a customer perspective, to ensure that we're maximizing our position with customers, whether they are making an electric bus or an electric sports car. And so, that interaction, as you call it cross-pollination, we call it inside Amphenol collaboration, is something that we're doing all the time. And that's collaboration from a product development, making sure that we're bringing a full suite of products to customers, in each of those markets and really capitalizing on that trend of electrification that we're seeing, again not just in automotive, but we're seeing that trend very significantly in the industrial market as well. And I'd say that when you look at our performance in both of those end markets, which we talked about with one of the earlier questions, it's not totally coincident that we're seeing those strong content growth in both of those markets, some of which is being driven by this trend of electrification.
Adam Norwitt: Wamsi, thanks for the question. Yes, I think if you look back the first quarter of 2019, we were certainly operating at very strong profitability at that point. Honestly and we finished the fourth quarter at very strong profitability levels. So I guess I wouldn't necessarily just kind of look back into '19 to kind of just to see a time where we are operating at strong profitability levels. If you look at the fourth quarter, we already reached 20.6% here in the quarter. We certainly still see some disruption related to the pandemic and that's certainly embedded in those numbers, maybe slightly offset by some other benefits we have and things like T&E. So I think I said last quarter that we kind of see a relatively neutral impact in the second half of the year. As we kind of go into the first quarter, our guidance really reflects, I would say, a sequential seasonal decline and we talked about approximately 10% kind of seasonal decline in sale. And that does, as you mentioned, kind of imply a conversion rate may be slightly higher than our normal 30% downside, which would maybe get to the profitability level in the 19% -- kind of a little above 19% range. So I think that's probably the basis of your question. I mean, I wouldn't say this conversion is isn't -- certainly isn't so significant, given the level of sequential decline we are seeing kind of going into the first quarter. In addition, combined with a continued challenging kind of cost environment, we are seeing still COVID-related inefficiencies. And I think that the Company has really done a great job thus far, as you saw in 2020, of dealing with those inefficiencies and really snapping back in a profitability level, but we are seeing a little bit of a decline going into the first quarter from a sales perspective, which is going to have some impact. And I think the team has done a great job dealing with that and we'll continue to deal with that. And so, I'm real proud of kind of where we ended up in 2020 and -- and I have no doubt that we'll get back to those levels. The other thing that's happening in the first quarter, certainly, is the acquisitions we just closed on here in January, are having some small effect on the conversion, if you look sequentially into the first quarter. And the ones we did in 2019 certainly wouldn't -- haven't made necessarily the progress that maybe we would have expected in 2020 for very understandable reasons, I think, we're dealing with the pandemic during 2020. So I think there's a few reasons. But, all in all, we're real happy with where we are at profitability, certainly in the second half year of 2020, and be quite honest, even in the first half given the challenges we had. And certainly, we are really confident that as we go into 2021, you'll see those levels snap back to normal levels once COVID is behind us.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, you said it David, we're not giving an outlook for the year. And I couldn't actually quote for you exactly how much of our business is related to EV versus traditional. I don't have the numbers close at hand. But what I can tell you is that, we are seeing higher growth from EV applications over the last several years and so EVs definitely represent a higher proportion today than they did a year ago, two years ago and three years ago, and we would expect in the coming year or two for that trend to continue. EVs not only do they tend to have potentially a little more content, but the nature of the content can be more attractive and more interesting for a company because of the high reliability, the harsh environment, the high power aspects of those vehicles. So, look, we'll see how the year progresses. We're not giving again guidance, but we have seen good strength in EV, and we would expect to see that going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean, look, I don't know specific share shifts. What I do know is we're outperforming the market. And so just I guess, by definition, we're taking some share. And part of the reason for that is EVs and part of the reason is other applications. Are there different competitors in an EV versus an internal combustion engine? There may be. I mean, there's different competitors for all different systems in the car. You have to remember in our industry, there is not a monolithic competitive landscape. There are obviously some companies that are publicly traded and well-known, which are excellent companies, but there is a whole diaspora of competition in the interconnect industry. And each application may have a different landscape of competitors than the application before it. So I guess, by definition, yes, you're going to have some different competitors. I think our strength in EV in part stretches back to the fact that we've been making high-power, high-voltage connectors for really the entire history of Amphenol. That is a legacy, you would call it even a birthright of Amphenol with our military, our industrial business and our ability to collaboratively share some of those underlying core technologies across our team, a little bit like we discussed just a few moments ago, has really positioned the Company well to be an enabler of those next-generation systems, which are really mission critical. So I think we're very happy to have a whole diaspora of competition across all our markets and that includes within automotive.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thanks so much, Steve. Look, these are both outstanding companies. We've known them both for a long time. I mean the family who founded and still until we just closed recently, Positronic, I've known that family for, I don't know, a decade and a half. I mean it's an outstanding company, Positronics. Just a real marquee brand in the interconnect industry, known for harsh environment, in particular, board level power connectors and some data connectors. These are IO connectors, these go on the board. They are used in a wide variety of systems in the military, as well as in datacom for power and industrial applications, and it's very complementary actually. A lot of the products that they have, Positronics, they have just a real proprietary position across their customer base, and sometimes, you look in admiration at the strength of a company's position, because of the uniqueness of their technology and that's something that we have done for many years with Positronics. El-Cab is a little bit of a different story. El-Cab, first of all, is our first company that's really fully based in Poland. Poland is an outstanding location for low-cost manufacturing with proximity to all of Europe and they have an excellent position in cable assemblies for industrial applications, and in particular, next-generation electric-powered industrial vehicles and whether that's buses, whether that's trucks, delivery vehicles, they're also involved in marine-related cable assemblies. But what really attracted us to them is their just leading position in this sort of EV revolution, industrial EV revolution, and that's something we've done a great job of in Asia, we've done a great job of it in North America and we've done a really -- a good job in Europe. But this accelerates our position in those -- in that electrification of industrial vehicles in Europe. And again, a fabulous team, family-owned company, great management, great products, great position, those are the factors that we always look for in acquisitions. And I think both Positronics and El-Cab deliver wholeheartedly in all those areas.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think, maybe, it might have contemplated a little bit, Joe. I think what I talked about was battery and EV and factory automation, but not necessarily together. But the fact is, you raised a very good point, which is for sure, whenever you have a massive build out of factories, be that for batteries where there is a lot of automation, next-generation vehicles, whatever and we've seen a lot of build-out of factories, by the way, semiconductor factories as well, you've seen the strength that we've had in instrumentation. Our position in factory automation and instrumentation, test equipment and otherwise, interconnect for all of those, puts us in a very strong position to benefit from the expansion of these facilities. But when we talk about our sales of industrial products into battery applications, it's really actual interconnect sensors that get integrated into these high-technology high-voltage battery systems, both to allow the signal of the battery, the power to come in and out of the battery, and also the control systems for these batteries, which is a wonderful opportunity where there is a lot of kind of interconnect and sensor applications where you're selling to customers just a complete solution to allow them to manage these batteries and thereby get more efficiency and safety out of them, once they're integrated into vehicles.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean look, we're agnostic Will, to whatever that may be, if it's traditional oil and gas versus renewables versus all that's related to renewables, the battery storage that Joe just asked about and otherwise, we're really agnostic. I mean, if you look as an example, last quarter, we had last quarter a strong growth in alternative energy. And that was offset by relatively strong decline in oil and gas. And I think that's a good indication of the value and the strength of the diversified position that we have really across all areas of whether that be power generation, power consumption, power storage, we've made sure to not place a bet on kind of one trend or another, but rather to be present supporting customers across the board and we are still supporting our oil and gas customers for sure. I mean, that's an important market and I don't think the world is totally detaching from fossil fuels. But if the trend is away from them, we're well positioned either way.
Adam Norwitt: Jim, thank you very much. I think you listed a lot of them. I mean the fact is, if I look over the long term and you've followed us for a very long time and so you have a great sense of the arc of the progress of our automotive business over these many years. We started out in automotive many, many years ago as the innovator of airbag connectors and that was kind of our first thing we did and we're talking a long time ago. I think the first airbag was like in 1990 or something like that. So, we're talking a 30-year time period. And over time, we developed into interconnect products for satellite radio and GPS and other infotainment. We built through acquisitions and other -- and organic means presence in emissions control and engine control, other electronics and essentially as the car adopted new electronic systems, we were positioning ourselves either organically or through acquisition, to participate in those next-generation systems. Our growth in automotive was never a question of, kind of, taking someone else's business, that was a legacy business. Rather, it was positioning ourselves, as these new systems were developed, to be there for customers for Tier 1s, for Tier 2s, whomever. And I think that's been very successful over all these years. We believe there is still a lot more potential left in our automotive business. The growth in content in the car is really outstanding and we're not the only one to talk about that. In many ways, to me, a car is becoming kind of a datacenter on wheels. It's becoming an electric powertrain on wheels. I mean, you name it. And each of those new systems, many of which you mentioned, are contributors to the growth of the Company. But I -- what I wouldn't say is, if any of them are disproportionate to our long-term success in that market. I think, it's been actually a relatively balanced contribution to that long-term success, that in particular we've seen over really the last decade.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean look, again, we're not giving guidance for 2021. But, when I look at the breadth of our performance here at the end of the year, as we closed out the year, and also throughout the course of the year, it's just there is no single story to the strength. I mean, yes, great performance in battery EV, great performance in instrumentation, great performance in medical. Again, I could give you a long list of the positive contributors to our industrial market. Will there be some areas where there will be a little bit of a tougher comparison? Obviously, the second quarter was a particularly acute quarter for medical, where our team, I mean I just cannot emphasize enough how proud we were to be a contributor to the fight against COVID through our reactivity to the demand for new medical equipment, whether that be respiratory therapy devices and the sensors interconnect products that are contained therein, whether that be hospital equipment to outfit ICUs and other patient care devices. I mean, that is something that we at Amphenol will forever be proud of, the contributions that our team made to the fight against COVID to protect lives and to enable countries around the world to have a fighting chance against this virus. And so, yes, will there be a little bit less maybe of some of those more acute care things? There could be, but who knows. There was also, as many have talked about, reductions in elective procedures, which actually reduced demand for certain medical equipment in some areas too, and so maybe that has the chance to come back. I think there is not the visibility today and thus, why we are not giving the guidance for the year. For me to say, which of those segments, as we go through the course of the year, are going to have the stronger or the weaker performance. But for sure, we have positioned ourselves with our customers by being there for them when they needed us most in their -- in really the most critical of time periods, such that, to the extent that they have business to give, I would expect that they will give at least, if not more than, our fair share to Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Well, this will be Mr. Norwitt for one last remark here. And listen, thank you all for all of your great interest in the Company. We really appreciate everybody's support through this 2020. We know this was not an easy year for all of you, working from home and cooked up and not being able to come visit us, for example. And we for sure, Craig and I, the two of us, no doubt about it, look forward to the day where we get to meet you in person again, host you here in our modest headquarters in Wallingford, Connecticut, where we are today. And we look forward to great success and wish you all good health as we continue into 2021. Thank you so much.
