Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thank you very much, Wamsi. I think with respect to, the first part of your question, as it relates to the bill of materials, I don't know whether you mean the bill of materials in terms of our product range or what do we represent on the bill of materials of our customers. So, maybe I'll answer both. On one, I would just tell you that connectors represent a small percentage of the overall bill of materials, but we're the largest connector manufacturer in the defense industry. So, we have a very, very broad presence across essentially every equipment that there is. As it relates to our products, I think I mentioned that the products that issued here; number one, they come from one facility; and number two, they represent less than 10% of our overall military sales. So, from that perspective, it is a relatively minor impact to the overall military business that we have even if one or two of those products can end up on lots of different systems around the world. We do believe this will be a transitory issue. Let me just say that very clearly. We're working very rapidly to address the demands of the DLA. And our team is well, well along in that process. And as I mentioned, we expect this at most to be a two-quarter disruption at the extent that it is. Will it mean that we will have to source certain things in certain different places? Absolutely, because ultimately part of the issue arose from sourcing of components in a place that they now have decided is not appropriate to source from. So, we have already resourced those products. And I can tell you today that the vast majority of what we need to resource has already been resourced. And ultimately, I can tell you that our company is very good at managing through any cost impact that would come from that. We don't expect any material changes to our profitability in that business long-term.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, no, I appreciate that. Look, I think the first quarter, we view that as a normal quarter. I mean the reality is, if you look at our results over many years, the first quarter is usually down somewhere between, I don't know, 20%, 35%. So, was this slightly the high end of that? Maybe, but it was not out of the ordinary as far as we're concerned. That is what it is usually in the first quarter. I can't comment on what others are seeing in the second quarter. I can only comment on the fact that our team continues to do a wonderful job to take advantage of every opportunities that is present in the market, whether that is on new programs, taking share on other programs, developing new products, expanding the range of products that we sell, expanding the range of customers to whom we sell those products, and the different types of platforms that are there, because you're dealing with platforms everything within mobile computing devices that can be tablet, computers, that can be laptops, that can be phones, that can be accessories, wearables, all those kind of things. And I think our team does a fabulous job of continuing to diversify their business, expand and deepen their presence with customers and ultimately that's what we see going to the second quarter with the robust sequential outlook that we have.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I'll let Craig talk first about the capital structure in the company, and then I'll maybe make a few more comments.
Adam Norwitt: And I think that's a very important backdrop, which is, we continued to be a very aggressive acquirer in the industry. We have a lot of capacity. We made just, at the beginning of the year, closed the largest acquisition in our history. Last year, we completed three other acquisitions and we continue to have a strong pipeline. At the same time, we will always be a disciplined acquirer. So, we look for companies that have great people that have great technology, that have a strongly complementary market position. And then we look to pay fair prices for those companies. And the fact that interest rates are low or not low, doesn't necessarily enter into our calculus so much in terms of the price we're willing to pay on things and how much of our capital we're willing to put to work. We view acquisitions as a very, very long-term initiative. This is not a short-term approach to say, well, that can be accretive in the year and thus we will do the acquisition. We're very, very thoughtful about that. And thus, we spend a lot of time. We date many, many, many companies over time. And then eventually, the select few of those that we date ultimately become strong acquisitions for the company. And we will continue to follow that same approach regardless of what short-term interest rates do or what the overall market multiples will do.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Well, thank you very much, Sherri. I think we don't have a different view about our organic growth this year than we did when we came into the year. And I think at the time we talked about the organic growth being kind of at the midpoint just a hair above flat. And I think at the high point it was somewhere between flat, I think, down to the up 1% or something in that range. And we don't have a different view about the – or down 1% to up 2% I guess it was. We don't have a different view about the organic growth of the company this year. Now, when you look at the different markets, it's not that every market has that somber outlook. And I think this really speaks to the value of the diversification in the company. We have one market, mobile devices, which is not a small market for us. Last year in particular, it was a significant 18%, 19% of sales market and we do expect that that market will be down in the coming year, and that's all organic. On the other side, we have a positive organic outlook for markets like automotive, industrial. We have a positive outlook for aeros for commercial aviation and others are more flat. So, I think the value of the diversification in a time like this where there is no question that the overall growth environment is more muted is really coming through in 2016. What does that mean in terms of the overall growth of the Interconnect industry? There are many studies about that. I think when you compare us to others, you see still a more favorable outlook and a more favorable ultimately results in terms of the organic growth compared to the overall industry. And our goal, as a company, continues to be to outgrow the industry in every environment and through every cycle. And if you look over the course of the last 10 years, 15 years, we have outgrown the industry by a significant margin and we still have a long-term conviction to continue to do that going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Well, Shawn, as you know, one swallow does not make a summer. And I think this is a market which had a very challenging year last year. There is still volatility in the market, there's still a lot going on from a corporate perspective in that space. We had a great quarter in the first quarter, and it was better than we had expected. There's no question about that. But I think it's a little too early to say that that is going to be then a trend of growth in the year. Should the opportunity present itself to have that growth in the year, our organization is so well positioned. And the one thing that we felt very good about in the first quarter is that the growth, that did not just come out of one place. We saw strength in North America. We saw strength in some places even like in India. We saw some strength in Europe. We didn't see so much strength in Asia in the quarter. And I would say that we probably saw more strength coming out of our sales of our product direct to service providers as opposed to the equipment manufacturers. And you know that there have been many widely reported corporate combinations among the OEMs in that space. So, there's still a lot going on in the industry that makes one take maybe a more prudent outlook for such a market, but to the extent that there is spending that is going to be there, there's no question in my mind that we will capture more than our fair share of it.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. No, look, I think, we still have an outlook for second half to be much stronger than the first half, but you're correct in your calculation that it would be a lower ramp. Last year, our second half sales in mobile devices were, I think, 40%, 45% compared to the first half. And I think our guidance here would imply something more into the mid to high 20%s. So, no doubt about it. Now, in a given year, is there some years where it's more like this year and some years more like last year, I think we've seen all those different scenarios over time. I think that the growth that we're seeing in the second quarter, maybe that's a little more than we would normally see in the second quarter and maybe the second half is a hair less than we would see in other years. And so maybe that's a little bit more in balance from that perspective. But I can tell you that we do always take a prudent approach to our outlook in this market. These are products that sometimes have lifecycles of less than a quarter. And so, we want to be very careful in terms of representing what our customers tell us while also taking some of our past experience in terms of how those ramp ups ultimately go and that's how we craft the guidance. I think what everybody knows, who's followed the company for a long time, is to the extent that opportunities do arise either a competitor falls down on the job or a customer sells more of their products, our team has always been impeccably able to capitalize on those opportunities. And we'll, no doubt, be in that same position this year should those opportunities arise.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Amit. I think that I would not anticipate any material snap back in the fourth quarter. I think the thing is still playing out. We are just over 30 days or so into this wonderful experience with the DLA. But no doubt about it, our team will be poised as soon as we are off that stop ship to satisfy every one of our customers as much as they need to be, but I wouldn't necessarily assume some massive snap back. Look, relative to share, in the next two quarters are some people going to take some orders that otherwise we would have taken, I guess by definition that's the case. But I can tell you, as a company who has been through two floods and this is the same facility, which was having a flood in the past, and by the way, I could tell you that these issues relate back even to the time of the flood, but that's not for regulators to sympathize with. I can tell you that this is an organization who does not accept to lose a position, period. And with our breadth of technologies, with our program presence, a two quarter stop shipment is not going to hurt Amphenol in the medium-term or long-term in our market position. In fact, I can tell you, we're going to come back so much stronger after this, that I would expect over the long-term, we will further build our leadership position in the military market.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Well, first, I would just make one clarification which is, we don't classify heavy truck as part of our automotive business, that's part of our industrial business.
Adam Norwitt: I certainly wouldn't assume that our margins are different on a heavy truck than it would be on overall automotive. So automotive is for us really automotive, as it is called. No, we're so happy with the automotive business. And you've followed us long enough to have seen the trajectory of that business over the last six years, seven years going from I think at its low 0.56% of sales to today 19% of sales, and we've done that both through some wonderful acquisitions together with some just outstanding technology program wins that we've had over those many years. And where we used to be a safety device company with a little bit of telematics, today, we have a very broad high-technology automotive offering, ranging everything from engine control to antilock braking, to electronic transmission, to high-voltage products, into sensors, starting even to make penetration and things like antennas along with the RF products that we've sold for so many years, and together with hybrid and electric vehicles. And so that breadth that we have into the high-growth content opportunities in the car that has really been for us what has differentiated in terms of our performance. And geographically, our automotive business has also really transformed from a predominant kind of two-thirds European business to today, a less than half of the business in Europe and really equally spread on the rest between North America and Asia. And when we look at our results in the last quarter, actually, we had really strong performance. For example, in the first quarter coming out of in Asia where there was some talk last year at least in terms of some warning signs in that space. But our team in Asia has just done a fantastic job and we've made a nice acquisition as well last year that positioned us with some of the local manufacturers in Asia. So I'd just tell you, we continue to grow in our satisfaction with the breadth and the depth of our automotive business. We're still small on any relative and comparable basis, but we certainly are getting more and more than our fair share as things go on.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. I would just tell you that FCI didn't necessarily see a meaningful inventory – maybe at the time that everybody else was talking about it. And not surprisingly, they don't see necessarily a correction or a refresh that comes sometimes on the tail of that. So we don't see anything meaningful plus or minus relative to changes in the distribution channel. What we do see and that's for sure is now having owned FCI for just over three months, the relationships, the presence, the discussions that we're having with the distributors have really gone to a next level. And I think that that is just the testament to the strength that FCI had. You correctly point out, roughly 40% of their sales was on distribution, but what's more important is not that 40%, but rather where that 40% resides with the distributors. We have traditionally been more in the industrial, the aerospace, the harsh environment products with those distributors and FCI takes us much more into the more commercial products, a lot of which end up in embedded computing applications in the industrial space. And I think that's an area really of excitement among all of our distributors. And so we go from maybe a more traditional position with them to a position that is really right in the wheelhouse of many of their strategies. And I think we really see already the benefits of that in terms of the dialogs that we have had with our distributors and that we continue to have with them. So we thought all along that FCI would be a great asset as it relates to our distribution channel and I can just tell you three months in that that has been clearly confirmed for me.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. No. Thank you very much, Mark. Look, I mean, we are not too wedded to all of these micro indicators in the industrial market. I mean, I read the same papers and see some of these things. I think there is no question. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that that is a relative somber overall industrial market. That being said, I can tell you our industrial team is far from somber. And I think the reason is, is we continue to plum for those opportunities that are there. We are not just stuck to things that aren't growing. But as soon as we see that the opportunity is not there, our team is quickly pivoting towards those areas where there are opportunities. And so we talked about last quarter, one example where we've seen a really great growth out of something like a hybrid bus and truck. We've seen also great growth coming out of alternative energy in areas like new lighting applications. We saw strength in instrumentation in the quarter. Conversely, a market like an oil and gas continues to not be a great place to be and that is what it is. And our team who is involved in oil and gas is doing all the things that you would expect and Amphenol management team to do at a time when sales are down very significantly. It is just a kind of a microcosm of how we view our business overall within industrial that we drive every day to make sure that we are properly diversified and agile such that we can pivot towards the opportunities that are there in the industrial market. And I think, our team has shown consistently the ability to really fair it out those growth opportunities, wherever they may be.
Adam Norwitt: Well, good afternoon, Mike. I think I mentioned earlier that we have really broadened our automotive business and we broadened it both from an application, we've broadened it geographically, we've broadened it by customer. I wouldn't point to just one or another application. I mentioned earlier that we've seen solid growth coming out of hybrid electric vehicles. Look, hybrid electric vehicles has been something that people have been talking about for pretty close to a decade now and I would tell you that today that seems to be a bit more of a reality than it was earlier just the prognosis for hybrid electric vehicles. So we're happy to see that, we're happy to see that we continue to win and gain new content. We've seen a lot of great content in other areas like electronic transmissions for example, that's something I've talked about in the past. It's an area where customers have one of the harshest environment electronic systems in the car, and where there is a unique interconnect requirement, in a very inhospitable part of the car, which is ultimately transmission. And it's part of a category of applications that I would almost refer to as halfway to hybrid because that's one area, whether that's electronic transmissions, whether that's start-stop motors, whether that's engine management control. These are all areas which allow automakers to improve the fuel efficiency of the car without having to stick a heavy battery and add all of the cost of a hybrid drive into the car. And so I think in general that is one area that's sort of hybrid-ish or half-hybrid area that we have seen good growth and we continue to see good progress with our customers.
Adam Norwitt: Look, we believe that the diversity of the company is a great asset for Amphenol and I think we see it here in the first quarter. We've seen it over recent years, and I think this is really a strategy that is from my perspective really without reproach. Today, we have an outstanding balance across our – across the various markets with two markets representing 19% of sales, one representing 18%, and a few others in the double-digits. And I think that balance is really a great asset for the company. But we have had in the past in a given quarter, even in given year, markets be higher than 20% even up in to the mid-20%s, even flirting maybe close to 30%. Is there a bright line that we would have? I wouldn't tell you that there is a bright line, but I would tell you that there are areas – there are levels where we would not be comfortable and I think that would really mean that one market would have a disproportionate impact on the company. Is that 35%, is that 40%, is that 30%? I mean I think it's hard to pin a number on to it. But I would definitely know it when I saw it.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Steve. Look, we are just owning the company now for one quarter. We're very, very pleased with the results here in the first quarter, and I can tell you that there is a lot of activities ongoing across the company. Some of those activities and Craig alluded to them are to get the cost structure in order, and we had significant actions here in the first quarter to do so. But there is other activities, which is to really identify collaborative opportunities for growth. And those collaborative opportunities fall into a few different categories. One is from a market standpoint, working with customers where we may have a strength with a certain customer in a certain geography and FCI may not or vice-versa. Another may be just into a new market. For example, taking FCI's embedded computing products and seeking to proliferate those into an area like an aerospace, for example, where they didn't have so much presence in the past. And a third and equally important area is that technology collaboration. And what I can just tell you is here in the first 90-100 days, we have really attacked all of those areas in a very thoughtful way, because at the same time, as you want to be impatient, as you want to get all that stuff done, you have an organization of 7,000 people who have a new family and they need to adjust to that new family. And we're very thoughtful about how we do that, how we bring the people in, what we ask of them, what we drive them. I mean this is not an easy process for someone coming into a company. But the initiatives that we have already, we start to already see the prospect of value creating between us on those incremental initiatives. When are they going to result in extra sales per se, I think it's too early to pin that on to a day, to a quarter or an outlook. But there is no doubt in my mind that long-term, we will have significant opportunities to realize incremental growth because of those very strong initiatives that are really being embraced across the company.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Brian. Relative to IT-datacom, I think when I talked about our guidance both at the beginning of the year, as well as just now, we did talk about the fact that while we expect a very strong growth because of FCI, we do expect the market overall on an organic basis to be roughly at the same levels of last year. Now, that does incorporate in the second half some growth compared to the first half. And that's not abnormal in the IT-datacom market and that is really organically growing from the first half to the second half of the year. And we look forward to that and we feel that that is not only normal, but it is something that should happen, given our real strength with customers. I think the overall IT datacom market is a market that is going through a lot of transition right now; and you see that in some of the public releases that already come out. But you see that really in terms of the shift of power in the industry and, something that I've talked about in the past, that shift of power towards the operators, the service providers and a little bit away from some of the traditional OEMs. I can tell you that our team and, in particular, our team as it relates to the acquisition of FCI and the breadth of products that we have from FCI has done an outstanding job of ensuring that we take advantage of that shift, as opposed to get injured by that shift; and we're doing a great job to pivot towards some of those new customers. And so, while our overall outlook for the year for IT datacom is a more muted outlook organically, the strength that we have in that space is going to pay great dividends for us. I mean the reality is, we have a lot of confidence in the importance of that market relative to the interconnect market long-term. This is a market where they're pushing the limits of performance to enable data delivery, whether that be video, voice, or other data forms around the world. The challenges that customers are facing in that space are significant, and many of those bottlenecks reside in interconnect. I can tell you that's a good recipe to have a good business behind it. When we see customers who struggle with performance and when we can go in and solve those performance problems, that's a great long-term place to be; and we believe very strongly in the importance of the IT datacom market. Relative to the communications infrastructure market, specifically in China as you discussed, I think I mentioned that in the first quarter we saw good strength in the mobile infrastructure market, in particular from North America and Europe and we didn't yet see that sort of strength building in Asia. It doesn't mean that it's not going to come. I think it's too early to call this year is Asia going to be a helper or a hurter in the mobile infrastructure market. Right now, we continue to have, what I would call, a more prudent outlook. But there is no doubt about it that the growth of mobile data is happening as well in Asia. And I mentioned in one place in particular, which is India, where we have seen really some beginnings of a build-out and we're capitalizing very well on that. And it won't surprise me if that ultimately spreads to other parts of the region.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think – I mentioned that in the first quarter actually we saw our strongest growth coming out of Asia in the automotive space; and we were really pleased to see that. We saw some growth coming out of North America and some maybe a more muted performance coming out of Europe at least in that quarter. I think one quarter is not always perfectly reflective. I think for the year we continue to see opportunities in all of the geographies in automotive. And it's really great for us, given that we are now a much broader geographical presence in the automotive market; and that is a big change from where we were six years, seven years ago, and we're very pleased to have that position.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Look, we've now been in the sensor market for just over two years. I think it’s two years and a quarter now since we made our first acquisition of GE's Advanced Sensor business. I think originally when we made that acquisition, there was always the question, is sensors naturally a higher growth area than interconnect; and we always said, we certainly don't think it's a lower growth than interconnect. And I haven't changed my opinion. Is it necessarily higher growth than interconnect? I don't think by definition it is. But is it at least as good of an opportunity as the interconnect market? We think, no doubt about it, which makes some sense when you get down to it. Because every time you have a new application for a sensor, and that's whether it's in automotive, or industrial, or in aerospace, ultimately that sensor has got to connect into the system. And so, you may have so many new applications in a plane, or a car, or a train, or a bus. Each time you have that new application, that's going to require then some way to get that signal back into the overall system; and that usually is happening through an interconnect product. And so, the reality is the two are not necessarily disconnected in terms of their trends; and we feel very good about that market. I think as we've now gotten a little bit more mature in our experience in the sensor market, and as we've gotten out with more customers, and as we've learned more about the space, we are really excited to be a part of the sensor industry and to have our presence in the sensor industry. Now, we're still small. There is no question about that. Bigger than we used to be, but smaller than we will be in the future. And I think that we see so many potential growth opportunities in the long-term, either organically or through acquisitions over time. And it is just a really exciting technology space. And it's one that really gets to a lot of the underlying technology trends in the various markets that we serve, whether that's emissions control, or whether that's performance, or autonomous driving, or whether that's more control and more analytics that goes on in industrial equipment. You name it, there is no question about it, sensors have a great future there.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Well, thank you very much, Will. Look, if we takeaway this issue that we already talked extensively about and you look at our outlook for the market, which is still to have a positive growth in the military market despite that DLA issue, I think you'll get the answer right there to the question, which is that we do have a positive outlook. And I think that positive outlook speaks to the breadth of presence that we have across the military market, whereby we are really participating on essentially every program in those geographies where we're allowed as a U.S. company to participate. And I think whether that is new airplane platforms, whether that's upgrade communication systems, whether that is new avionics and radars, there is definitely growth opportunity that we see starting in this year and long-term. Now, is this a snap back or kind of a spike in growth, I would not advocate taking that view of it. But is there really a kind of maybe a more solid footing under the trends of the military market today than there was a couple of years ago? I feel like there is. And you look at our performance even last year in the military market, where we had relatively flat performance in a market where I think you would have thought was overall down, there's no doubt about it that we continue to grow our position in the military market; and that's despite any of the sort of mild regulatory hiccups that may come our way. So long-term, I think that's a great market to be in. It's a market where we have tremendous presence; and it's a market where there's a lot of innovation around the technologies and around the electronics that are there. We see also in the military market that there is a subtle shift that appears to be happening just more geopolitically; and that subtle shift is that subtle shift away from a more tactical focus, getting a little bit back towards a more strategic focus. And that's a geopolitical topic that you could spend hours to review. But the net-net of that is that when you get to a more strategic priority in military, the answer very often comes down to new technologies and new systems, and what can be done with radars, with surveillance, with new fighter jets, with new avionic systems, with new communication systems. And so, long-term I think that that will be a great place to be. And our position remains very, very strong there, and we look forward to capitalizing on those trends going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Will. Well, I think if I understand correctly this was our last question. And I'd like to take the opportunity to wish all of you a very warm and pleasant spring here; and we look forward to speaking to all of you again here in just around 90 days. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Craig Lampo: Sure. So, Jim, at the end of the quarter, we had about $1.8 billion of capacity under our revolver and cash from availability perspective after we did the new revolving credit facility that we entered in the first quarter that I mentioned in my comments, which certainly we believe is very strong capacity and certainly does even take into account the strong operating cash flow that the company continues to generate. From a pro forma leverage perspective, we're approximately 1.5 times at the end of the quarter, which is certainly well within our comfort level, certainly giving full on the appropriate consideration to the importance of our investment grade rating. So, I would say that we're very comfortable and certainly have sufficient flexibility from a leverage standpoint, and believe that we have plenty of capacity for future acquisitions as well as any stock repurchases that may be warranted.
Craig Lampo: Yeah. I think, Sherri, what I would say on that is that we've taken some great actions I think in the first quarter that provide a real solid foundation for future performance for FCI. I mean, as a management team, we continue to be committed to improving that overall profitability of FCI. And I'm confident over time that we will be successful on bringing up to that pre-acquisition average for the company. I would say in regards to our full year guidance, it's only been three months since we acquired the company. And certainly it takes some time to see the impact of these actions. So, I would say that our current guidance really isn't so different than what we guided to in January of the top line and bottom line perspective. But I think, over time, we are committed to getting them. I wouldn't necessarily give you a specific timeframe for doing that, but I think if you look at our history and our success at prior acquisitions, I think you can feel confident as we do that we will be successful in doing that over some period of time.
Craig Lampo: Sure. I think I'll take that one, Amit. I think the reasoning for that is really just more based on the size of the company today. We thought it was very prudent to increase the capacity of the company. We're a much bigger company than we were when we initially entered into the credit facility at the $1.5 billion size. We want to – we use most of our cash from a domestic perspective. We use for our share repurchase and dividend programs so domestically, we generally use our facilities for that in addition to any M&A that may come along. So there wasn't any other reason other than just to increase our capacity, and given the size of the company, so to put us in a better position long-term, but I wouldn't read so much into that. In regards to our overall capacity, again, this $1.8 billion that I mentioned before, which includes the $1.1 billion of availability at the end of the quarter under our credit facility and then the additional $700 million of cash that we had on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter.
Craig Lampo: Yeah, I mean, I'll take that. Thanks. Yeah, a good question. I think that as we've said before, there is certainly many contributors to margin. And in terms of the rebound of gold or copper or the other commodities, we've always said that you kind of have to look at the top-line growth opportunities in terms of the marketplace versus the bottom-line from the commodities and other things. And we haven't seen really a significant – although certainly a positive commodity environment is helpful, but we haven't seen that significant improvement other than in the cable segment, which I talked about a little bit. I wouldn't say that we would – I would say that there is a – we would also see a negative trend right now, based on where the prices are. Certainly if the markets then overall, become more robust in the future and like in 2011 when the commodities had some significant increase, there could be some impact at that point, but we don't see that at this point in time.
