Adam Norwitt: Well, Luke, thank you very much. Yeah. Look, without putting specific numbers on to sub-segments of our end markets, I will just tell you that as we came into the second quarter, we had a certain expectation to be flat. And I would tell you that kind of the underlying IT business was maybe even a touch weaker as customers continue to manage through inventory that had built up over the last couple of years. Yet we ended up growing sequentially by 6%. And really, all of that upside -- more than just that upside came really from the near-term demand that we are seeing from a variety of customers who are building out their AI-related systems. In addition, we had a book-to-bill overall for the company of 1:1, but we had a very strong book-to-bill in our IT datacom market. I would tell you, it was about 1.1:1 in IT datacom, where we saw just really strong bookings, which gives us confidence as we guided in the third quarter to be sequentially up. And so I’d say that it’s -- while it’s not the dominant thing in our IT datacom market far from it, because it’s really -- as you say, the early innings. We see the investments in AI as being a real significant dynamic for our company in the future -- in the near-term and in the future and to think about why that is you really have to get to the architecture of these AI systems. In particular, as customers build out these very intensive systems with these GPUs and otherwise, they built them out in a structure that requires just an enormous amount of interconnect. They call it kind of a fabric, if you will, of interconnect, where you have -- you are creating effectively a neural network. And in the neural network, everything has to connect to everything else and it has to do that with high speed and low latency, while using as little power as possible and that just puts an enormous premium on the highest of technology, high speed products, on the most efficient interconnect -- power interconnect and these are all things where Amphenol has a strong leadership position in the industry. Look, long-term, I think, we are in the early euphoria of AI right now and I don’t want to kind of try to prognosticate what AI will mean, let alone what it will mean sort of ethically and more -- metaphysically and all of those things, but what we know for sure is it requires a lot of interconnect today. And as our customers are building on these networks, we stand ready to react to them in real time to make sure that they can stay competitive in a world that has become a real -- a significant dynamic for our customers. Many of them see this kind of existentially and when they need us the most is when we step up to the plate always as Amphenol and are there for our customers. And I think that means that as they continue those investments long term, they will continue to turn to us as really their first phone call.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thank you very much, Samik. I think we talked at least last quarter about the fact that we started to see some signs of a little bit of -- some early signs of a little bit of inventory in the industrial market including with our distributors. And no doubt about it, when we look at our results here in the second quarter, where we weren’t in U.S. dollars flat, but organically, we were down by 7%. There is some element of that which comes from distributors managing a bit more of their inventory across the industrial market. And then there are a few segments of the industrial market where I think it’s been well reported that there’s a bit of softness in area like factory automation, on a year-over-year basis, something like instrumentation, where even if there’s been this euphoria around semiconductor capital equipment, for example, there have also been pockets of that market where you have seen real pullbacks in CapEx. I think it’s a market where long-term, there’s a great degree of optimism about the long-term in semiconductor equipment, but there are some short-term vacillations that have been going on in the last quarter or two. Those are areas that maybe I would highlight. I think that our position in industrial remains very broad. We continue to have parts of the industrial market that are performing extremely well. In fact, we saw great growth in areas like rail mass transit, alternative energy, even oil and gas, believe it or not, medical continues to be a very strong area for us. And a credit to our team for never going kind of all in on any one segment of the industrial market, but rather continuing that long-term drive to be as present as possible with the broadest range of products as possible. And to the extent that -- to your question about how long that cycle, may be hard for me to guess. I mean I think we have had similar questions about IT datacom in the past. Here, I think, you have certainly some correction that is happening with distributors, whether that is a one quarter, two quarter, three quarter, hard for me to guess and we will certainly let you know as soon as we have a better view of that.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thank you very much, Abdullah. Honestly, we don’t have a good read on the auto OEM inventory, whether that’s overbuilt or whether they are taking it down. I think what we know is that what our customers are taking from us and what we are able to support them with, and in the quarter, we were able to have a very strong -- yet another very strong quarter in automotive, growing by 9% in U.S. dollars and 11% organically. And I think that’s just a testament to our team’s continued success in developing new products that go on new applications in the car. And so, to the extent that there is some vacillation that should come, if automakers decide to take more inventory or less inventory if they sell more cars or less cars, I mean, these are kind of things that are what they are. But what we can control is our position on these new applications on things like electrified drivetrains, on things like advanced safety, on things like advanced communication and so many other new applications going into cars. I mean I just got a new car recently and I still after a couple of weeks haven’t figured out half of what the darn thing can do. And it just reminds me how many new systems are put into these cars, how many new applications and how much content for new products that weren’t previously in a car. And we are seeing products being sold into cars that in the past, we were selling things that went into computers or to other advanced systems and all of a sudden they are being repackaged and repurposed to go into these cars where the continued growth in content is really explosive. And so I don’t know, was inventory going down a little bit this quarter when we were going up 11% organically, maybe others have a better read on that than we do. But for sure, we continue to see strong momentum in automotive, and I think next quarter, we have once again a strong outlook in this market, and that’s after several years of real outperformance to any comparable measure.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Wamsi, thanks so much. I mean, look, I will put this maybe in a couple of contexts. One is that we came into the second quarter with an expectation for the market to be actually down in the mid-teens and we ultimately achieved on a sequential basis, close to 20 points better than that, growing by 3% sequentially. Yes, still down on a year-over-year basis, but very strong compared to our expectations and that strength really did come out of smartphones, in particular. And as we look at our guidance here for the third quarter, I think, you are arithmetically correct, that 17% sequential in the third quarter is maybe a touch lower than what we have seen in years past, maybe 2016 to the contrary notwithstanding. But if we break that down a little bit, I can just tell you this, that our expectation for our sales into smartphones is actually very robust, actually, I would say, even a little bit above our normal seasonality and that’s offset by a more modest expectation in areas like tablets and laptops and other computing devices. And look, I don’t know what the PC forecasts are, how those relate to, to the various devices that we are selling into. But one dynamic is, for sure, is that with COVID happening over the recent three years, there was a surge in demand for those products that were really used for home by people who are studying and working and otherwise communicating from home. And that kind of put a little bit of a hitch in the typical replacement cycle of a lot of these devices and I think we are still seeing a bit of a hangover from that right now in terms of the overall demand for those devices. Meanwhile, the smartphone products, our position on smartphones remains very robust and we see strong growth potential in smartphones going forward into the third quarter and that ultimately comes all together with this mid-teens expectation that we have on a sequential basis for the third quarter. Look, I mean, you can get pretty grey hair pretty quickly by trying to guess all the ins and outs of where the mobile device market is headed and we do our best job as we can in giving an outlook for that. But then once we give that outlook, as you know, our team is not resting on their laurels. They are ready at any time to capitalize on any upside that may come along or to manage through a downside that make it along as well and it remains our hardest market to forecast and guide to and it remains our team that is the most agile of any that I have ever seen in the industry. So I am confident going forward, that our team will continue to create great success and that our robust position in this market will continue to create great value for Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much, Matt. No doubt about it, our team working in the military aerospace market or defense market, as I actually call it a lit bit often these days, is doing a great job. And it’s interesting, we track, I don’t know, kind of 10 or a dozen different sub-segments of that market. And about three quarters or even closer to like eight out of 10 of those markets grew in very strong double digits on a year-over-year basis last quarter, with just a couple of them a little bit lower performance. And it just reflects the real breadth of our position and the breadth of investments that countries around the world are making in new defense technologies. I mean, look, I look every day at what’s happening with the tragedy in Ukraine. I looked with some anxiety at some of the other geopolitical tensions that are around the world. At the same time, I think, we at Amphenol look in the mirror and we feel very positive about the role that our team is directly playing in ensuring that the free people of the world get to remain free. And that reactivity of our team to grow by 19% organically on a year-over-year basis in a market with a product set that is not an easy product set to scale. I mean, these are products that are very complex to manufacture. They require an immense amount of qualifications and adherence to standards. They are very vertically integrated. And so to flex one’s capacity in this market as we have done is really an extraordinary and one that is not lost on our customers in terms of our ability to really do what it takes and our willingness to invest when need be and to flex whenever possible to satisfy this really kind of existential demand that we are seeing in many cases. As I look forward in the defense market, I think, for better or for worse, I think, we are in an era today of more anxiety, more dynamics where more and more the nations that are allied with our country, with the Europeans and others are having to invest more significantly than ever before in next-generation defense technologies. And is the broadest manufacturer of those products, both having the broadest product line in the deepest technologies, we are ready and able to support that as much as possible. We will see, I mean, we are guiding here in the third quarter to a kind of similar levels in what is traditionally a softer third quarter from a seasonality perspective and our team stands ready to react whenever needed. And every day we watch the pictures coming from Ukraine and while we have a tear in one eye, we also have a pride in our belly of the part that we are doing to help those people stay free.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Steve. Look, I think, we talked a little bit about factory automation as one area that I highlighted that we did see on a year-over-year basis, some downturn and also on the sequential basis. And I think it’s been broadly reported that there’s some moderation in demand around that area. How long that’s going to last? It’s really hard, Steve, for me to give a prognosis on. I think that we have a very strong position here. I think that the adoption of electronics in factories. The underlying trend of that, I think, is a very positive trend in the short-, medium- and in particular, the long-term. As countries and companies around the world deal with labor shortages, and I mean, gosh, you can’t pick up a newspaper these days without seeing something about some either labor shortage or labor strike that is happening in the world over, there’s no doubt that the adoption of electronic be it automation, robotics, next-generation factory management systems, I mean, these are really accelerating broadly. And the fact that we go through right now, let’s call it, a kind of temporary pause in that for a variety of reasons, it does not take away from the very long-term prognosis for factory automation, which I think is quite a positive over the long-term.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks so much, Chris. I mean, look, these are really hard products to make, let’s start from that. To have a high speed interconnect product, be it a cable assembly, an IO connector, a backplane connector, a cable backplane system, whatever it may be, these are extraordinarily complicated products to make where the underlying technology to make them take years to develop, the manufacturing processes are extremely challenging to make these things. And so you are correct, there is a very small universe of companies and we have strong competitors, there’s no doubt about it, who we respect, no question. But it is a relatively confined universe of companies who ultimately have put in the decades. And I call it really decades of investments in the engineering competency, the test and the validation of those products and all of those things, which ultimately allow one to make a reliable product that can support these next-generation complicated AI learning systems. Our position, look, we are the world leader in high speed interconnect technology. That’s something that we are very proud of and that we continue to be very carefully building upon over the years and that position, I think, is a robust one for as AI investments continue.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much, Joe. Look, I think, if you look over a very long time period, the mix of our auto business has changed quite dramatically. I remember, gosh, when I first became CEO and that’s 15 years ago, not to mention when I which was 25 years ago yesterday, our auto business was a predominantly European business. And even in my first quarter as CEO, I think, it was roughly two-thirds was European and the rest was sort of split evenly between Asia and North America and today I would tell you that the three regions are relatively balanced with maybe a touch more in Asia, followed by Europe and North America. So that has changed a lot. And I think part of that change has been really this revolution electrification where our team has done a fabulous job in taking advantage of that revolution electrification and where the largest markets for that, at least so far, have been in Asia and we have done an excellent job of positioning ourselves on a broad basis with companies who are really driving electrified and hybrid electrified vehicles. And so if I look at last quarter, we grew organically really in all three regions. I would say Europe actually grew the strongest last quarter, but we did realize growth in all three regions and I think we have a very robust position across all regions for the automotive market. And to the extent that those dynamics change, there’s new companies, accelerating their performance in other regions, I am confident that our team is going to do a good job of positioning ourselves there to benefit from that.
Adam Norwitt: Yeah. Thanks very much, Will. Look, I think, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, while we do see a temporary pause. I mean, we have had really strong growth in broadband over the last year. I mean, last year alone, we grew by 62% in U.S. dollars and 38% organically, and yes, I mean, in the second quarter, we were flat and we guided it to be a little bit down sequentially in the third quarter. But no doubt about it, we are benefiting not just from the demand for customers around the world for higher speed connectivity to their homes and businesses, but also from the government funding that is going into this. And in particular, you mentioned RDOF, there’s also BID [ph]. Both of these initiatives in North America are very significant, and by the way, long overdue from my perspective. I mean we live in a world where connectivity to the Internet becomes not just a nice thing to have, but it is really -- it is a kind of thing that you must have, it’s like electricity and access to water and indoor plumbing, having the plumbing to the Internet is critical. You try to look for a job if you don’t have the Internet. Try to apply for a government benefit if you don’t have access to the Internet. It’s essentially impossible these days. And so I think it’s a really noble cause that is there to build access some of the remotest areas of our country, so that all people can have equal access to high speed, low latency Internet and all what comes along with that. And we are very happy to play our part in that, and to benefit from that over the long-term and this temporary pause that is going on right now, I think, is just that. And we look forward over -- in the coming years as that money does necessarily get spent by governments, as well as by the private sector that will be a strong participant and enabler of the broadband revolution.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you all so much for your time today. We appreciate everybody’s time on this hot summer day and I hope it’s not too late to wish all of you a nice summer. And I hope that you will have a little bit of chance to get some downtime as we get into the end of July and August, and we look forward to speaking to all of you in the fall in just 90 days. Thanks so much.
