Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks very much, Amit. And for sure, I mean, our team working in the communications market has been wrestling with quite some vacillations in demand. And if you just look back over the prior couple of years, we had just fabulous, fabulous growth in all the communications market, in particular in IT datacom, but we also had strong growth in mobile networks and decent growth in the mobile devices. And I think what we’ve seen as we came into the end of last year and certainly coming into this quarter that in particular in the IT datacom market, there is a significant – there was a significant degree of overbuying of components. Not because we had disappointed our customers, quite the contrary. We were constantly coming to the rescue of our customers over the course of their boom and demand with the agility that they’ve come to expect from Amphenol. But regardless, they seem to have opened their aperture of procurement across virtually everything that they buy in light of the supply chain crisis. And that included building up inventory of our products certainly, which we saw with hindsight. Relative to the mobile networks market, I’d say this is not as much an inventory issue as it is the dynamics of service provider spending. And I think it’s kind of well reported the ups and downs of the various service providers and their capital plans. And I think what we’ve seen in particular in mobile networks as we’ve seen the early stages of operators building out their 5G networks and we benefited no doubt about it from that build-out with the long-term efforts that we put in to build our position across those next generation systems. And sometimes what you see is initial build-outs and then they digest it and they figure out the economics and then they come once again to build-out a next phase. And I would tell you that in most of the places where we operate places like North America, Europe, and otherwise, these 5G networks are certainly not fully built-out quite the contrary, but they’ve built out the rough framework of them. It allows them to get a certain amount of coverage, start to realize a certain amount of economic return for their investments, and then as typically happens, they would at a certain point start to do further investments to build up more capacity in those networks. And when that happens, we’ll be well equipped to deal with that. I mean, the other communications market mobile devices, this is one that is very volatile. We saw in particular last quarter still really robust strength in smartphones, but that was offset or more than offset by fairly dramatic declines in the overall demand for computing devices like laptops and tablets. And I think that’s also a well reported dynamic with the kind of pull forward of demand of those kind of devices as everybody went to work from home. And if our office is any indication, work from home is a distant memory because as Craig and I come into the office, the parking lot is full, the cubicles and the offices are quite full here. And so I think that mad rush to equip people for working from home with those various devices, has a little bit change the cycle of replacement of them and maybe bunched a bit more into the prior two years. And then last I’ll talk about is broadband, which is our kind of fourth of the communications markets. We had just outstanding performance in broadband last year and that continued here into the first quarter. And that was really supporting our customers with a really broad array of products. We’ve dramatically expanded the range of products that we sell into the broadband market. And that resulted in us taking significant position with our customers. I mean, we grew, as you’ll recall, very well last year by 38% organically in 62% in U.S. dollars with the variety of acquisitions that we’ve made in recent times and still robust double-digit organic growth here in the first quarter. And I think now we see a little bit of digestion of those customers as we look into the second quarter. But no doubt about it, the position that we’ve built over the last couple of years in broadband is something that we think long-term is going to create great value for the company.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Wamsi. Look, I don’t think that the communications markets and the dynamics that I just discussed, which are quite unique in each of them. We’re talking about one dynamic in IT datacom and different in mobile networks, a different again in devices, and yet again in broadband. I wouldn’t say that that is an indicative or leading indicator for a broad economic situation. Quite contrary, we’ve given guidance for next quarter for all of our markets. And I don’t think that that guidance reflects a kind of a broad economic slowdown, quite the contrary. Relative to China, I mean, I’m glad you asked the question. It was just early last month when China changed its visa policies and as soon as the news came out that visas were reenacted literally that day we booked our flights and Craig and I were in China at the very first day of April, and what a pleasure it was. I can’t tell you to be three years away from our team in China who just did such a phenomenal, phenomenal job over these three very challenging years. In particular, over last year, which was particularly challenging in certain places, including in Shanghai. I tell you, I had the opportunity to meet some of our factory workers who went into a bubble in Shanghai for more than six weeks in one case. And just to be able to see them and to be honest, to like hug them and thank them for all what they did on behalf of the company during that time period was just a tremendous, tremendous satisfaction for me. Not to mention Craig and I, somehow we didn’t gain weight with all the food that we ate over that week of visiting 21 of our operations in China. But the trends in China, I tell you being there on the ground, this does not seem like a place that is going into deep recessions. Infrastructure investments continue apace. You see new rails for high speed trains next to virtually every highway you go on. And what I was most impressed by was our own operations and what they have done during this time period when nobody was visiting them. And it’s a credit to how we are organized as a company that we don’t have just subsidiary factories that are relying on a whole infrastructure outside of China to function, but rather we have standalone entrepreneurial organizations like we do around the world run by general managers and their teams and what amazing work they did over this time, driving growth in technology, developing new products for the China market, not relying on Western countries or engineers who may be subject to government restrictions that can be applied from anywhere that you think of, but rather developing native capabilities inside of Amphenol. Also, many of our Chinese operations had during that time for a variety of reasons, the incentive to set up operations outside of China, and doing that while still not being able to travel, going to a place like Vietnam or to India or to Thailand or even Mexico and setting up satellite factories on behalf of their customers who wanted to have China Plus One or something like that. It was just really exceptional to see that. And another reminder of what really makes this company special. Are there trends in China? Are there macro issues, long-term things like population growth or lack thereof? Sure. Are there geopolitics that are sitting kind of at the highest levels between Beijing and Washington? Sure they are. But I can tell you, when you go on the ground, you meet with the people there, you get really encouraged as I do everywhere that I go around Amphenol, from the U.S. to Mexico to India, to Western Europe, and now finally being able to go back to China, and I look forward to going back again soon.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thank you very much, Samik. Look, I mean, we’re not giving full year guidance because it does remain a very volatile environment. And so as much as I would love to sort of get out ahead of my skis and tell you that the second half is going to give growth or not give growth, I’m going to refrain from doing that here today. But I can tell you this that the company remains strong. The base of our strength with customers, the financial condition of the company, I mean just look at the margins that we were able to secure in the first quarter despite real volatility that we saw in our communications market. And Craig mentioned that very specifically. I mean it’s just another testament to the underlying strength of the company. So to the extent that in the second half, customers want more product from us, for sure, we’re going to support them with that. But I think today, sitting here just on the 26th of April, it’s premature given how dynamic it is for me to give a sense of what Q3 and Q4 and, ultimately, the full year is going to bring. You can bet our team has high aspirations, but we’re also realistic to the environment that’s in front of us, and we’re going to manage through whatever comes our way.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks so much, Steve. I mean, look, we’ll see how the year goes. As I just said to Samik, I have no idea, and certainly, I’m not going to talk about what the full year earnings will be. But what I did say just now, I think really resonates when you bring up 2009. Because -- whether it was 2009 or even 2001, and you’re probably one of the few people on the call who’s been closely associated and following us since that time, and I certainly have been in the company for that time or longer, the way that Amphenolians manage through dynamics is to just face it up. We don’t kind of punt it. We don’t say, "Well, the good times are going to come," or, "let’s wait another quarter, let’s wait a third quarter and then we have to play catch-up and get behind kind of the curve of the cost." Rather, we see what orders we have, we see what our customers want. And if we have too few or too many resources, we make adjustments rapidly. And that gets reflected then in the profitability of the company. And as you know very well, what distinguished our company, whether it was in 2009, 2001 or in that sort of COVID environment of early in 2020 was from peak to trough, our margins declined just 300 basis points during very, very significant downturns in demand. Now we are certainly not with our guidance in the second quarter, guiding to such kind of cataclysm as we all saw in 2009. But at the same time, it’s a dynamic world. And so our playbook hasn’t changed whatsoever. Even if the size of the company is significantly bigger than it was in 2009 and categorically bigger than it was in 2001, our sort of modus operandi is the same that culture of entrepreneurship, which is, today, represented across 130 general managers, and maybe in 2009, it was like 50 and in 2001, it was like 20, it’s still the same way to deal with it. These GMs are out with customers every day. They’re listening to them. They’re immediately coming back, reacting in real time to adjust resources accordingly. And then once -- if you have less orders, less demand, you take out cost, but then you go out and you take market share. And that’s the approach of Amphenol. It has been my entire 25 years in this company, and it will be for as long as I can secure that. So who knows what it’s going to be this year. We certainly don’t aspire to have a reduction in our EPS. But if demand is softer than it was last year, we’ll manage through it.
Adam Norwitt: Luke, well, thank you very much. I’m glad you emphasize this. I mean, this 27% downside conversion margin for an organization that is already making pretty robust margins is really phenomenal. And by any measure, it’s a reflection of that quick reactivity that I was discussing earlier. Luke, I would be lying if I told you our folks working in that market are happy to have a little bit of a downturn to kind of to use your phrase, catch their breath. Nobody likes dealing with this. But we do it. It is what it is. Like it’s – we don’t sort of punt reality. It just is what it is. At the same time though, what’s interesting is while we’re making sure that the financial strength of the company is stays as robust as it did, and again, the 27% convergent margin that you mentioned is a great indicator of that. We are working on an extraordinary array of next generation technologies. Just because customers have some extra inventory doesn’t mean they don’t have an enormous amount of next generation things that they’re trying to achieve. And you mentioned, and I think I alluded to, AI as one of those, I mean, these are the kind of revolutions that drive kind of quantum leaps in the demands of our customers for processor power, for speed as it relates to data transmission and networking, all of which creates demands on the equipment for next generation high speed interconnect for the fiber optics and for the high efficiency power interconnect that’s so important to sustaining the operating expenses and let alone the carbon footprint of these massive processors that are going into these enormous data centers. And so we haven’t slowed down at all as it relates to developing and designing next generation products together with our customers. And you could actually argue that in certain cases we’ve had to accelerate those efforts as customers have gotten into competitive situations with others on things like AI, machine learning and alike. And that’s the kind of carrying water on both shoulders that is an Amphenol in trait as well. It’s not something necessarily. I emphasize so much. But we talk a lot in the company about driving with one foot on the gas, one on the brake, carrying water on both shoulders. Sometimes you got to go out and cut costs at the very same time as you’re ramping up engineering support for next generation systems. And being able to do that, having the mindset and the agility to do that is I think a very unique trait that is resident inside our organization. And that includes within all of those working across IT datacom.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks. Thanks, Chris. Look, I’ve talked a lot about IT datacom, but to the specific of your question, I mean, I don’t know what the second half is going to bring. I certainly hope that Q2 and the fact that we see sales to be flat is an indication that we've kind of reached a kind of a little bit more of an equilibrium. 90 days from now, I hope to be able to give you a better sense of that as it relates to the second half. But it's certainly a better indication than if we had seen another leg down on a sequential basis. So we'll see what the second half brings. Again, the fact that it's flat in the second quarter gives me some hope, but 90 days from now we'll try to give you a little more certainty about that.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Will. I wouldn't point out any significant geographical distinction across the communications markets. I mean remember that a lot of these communications products they do get that – a lot of them still get made in Asia, especially on the device side and a good portion of the – at least the OEM products of the IT datacom. So you can imagine that in Asia, that's having a worse situation overall for the company. And sure enough in Asia, our – we did not have as robust performance in the quarter as we did in North America and Europe overall and that's driven a lot by that. But otherwise, I wouldn't say that there's any sort of end customer geographic changes here. Relative to hyperscale versus the equipment manufacturers, again, I don't think there's a real distinction because ultimately the hyperscale people are also customers for the equipment manufacturers in many cases. And I think that that overall inventory position is fairly broad across both areas of that market.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks very much, Guy. I mean the fact is as industrial is at least this quarter our largest segment, it was 28% of our sales. At the same time, industrial is far and away our most diversified market. I mean there's really not a correlation amongst the various segments within Industrial, except that they all represent harsh environments where our customers are trying to push new electronics deeper and deeper into some of the harshest of environments to an offshore wind mill, into a semiconductor factory, into an operating theater, onto a train going 400 kilometers an hour and everything in between. In terms of the segments, I wouldn't say that necessarily factory automation is the largest. It's a significant segment, but we have strong sales in the areas like heavy equipment and medical, instrumentation, which includes things like semiconductor manufacturing into electric vehicles, heavy electric vehicles and battery. All times of – types of energy generation and that includes both alternative energy, but also traditional energy extraction and generation, rail mass, transit, things like marine and entertainment? I mean, and you can tell these are not markets that correlate with one another. So if we're going to have one of our markets be a little bit bigger than the others, and in this case, still just 28% of sales, this would be the one that you'd want to have that. And we're just really excited by the progress that we've made in our industrial market over a very long time period. If I go back to 20 years ago, I mean this was a relatively small business that we didn't really have a close touch with where it went. It all went through distribution. And we had just fabulous leadership in our industrial business over that time who really drove a very much an application and segment-based approach to developing new products, application-specific, technology-specific products. At the same time, as we made a number of great acquisitions over many years, and we continue to make great acquisitions across the industrial market that have ultimately positioned us for this just multitude of revolutions going on as electronics gets pushed deeper and deeper into harsher and harsher environments. And so it's not just one or another piece of that, and we're just really excited about the ongoing strength of our industrial market, which has just been a fabulous asset for the company for many years, and I believe will remain so for many years to come.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Michael. Well, CMR, as we announced, we closed earlier in the year, and that's a fabulous company making harsh environment, value-add interconnect products that go into the industrial market, in particular, in heavy equipment. RFS, we announced that we signed the acquisition, but we have not yet closed it. We – as we said last quarter, we expect to close by the end of the second quarter, and we don't change what we say about that. And RFS really expands our position in the mobile networks market with really high-technology antennas and fiber optic solutions that go into next-generation mobile networks. And we're, again, very excited about that company, and our team continues to work closely with the RFS team as we get closer to bring them into the Amphenol family. In terms of our pipeline of acquisitions and where we see the future, we don't pick and choose our markets and say, well, that's the market where we want to make acquisitions or, that's the market where we don't want to make acquisitions. And the reason for that is when we make an acquisition, we're getting married forever. We're not a trader where we buy companies and sell them and buy and sell and kind of do this portfolio management. We look for companies with great people, with outstanding enabling technologies and robust and complementary market positions across all of our end markets. And in our experience, which stretches over, in my career, more than 75 acquisitions, and I think more than 50 since I've been CEO in these 15 years nearly, that – having that very simple approach leads to really outstanding long-term success and a great return on our capital that we deploy towards the M&A program. Our acquisition pipeline remains very robust today. I remain wholly incapable of predicting when we will close and if we will close certain deals. But I know that long-term, the program is going to continue to support really great growth for the company and a great use of the capital and the cash that we generate so much of. And so we look very much forward to continuing our M&A program, and it really complements the culture of the company as well because every time we bring in one of these new entrepreneurs, it actually strengthens the entrepreneurial culture of Amphenol. And that's something that I look very much forward to as well.
Adam Norwitt: Well, very good. I think we have no further questions, operator. And so if that's the case, I would like to take this opportunity to wish all of you a wonderful continuation of your spring and we look forward to talking to you all just 90 days from now. Thank you so much, and best wishes to you all.
Craig Lampo: Hey, Steve, this is Craig. And I think I just would add just one thing to that. I think that if you look in the first quarter results, and we’ve said this a couple times. But if you look at the first quarter results and you take into account that we have three or four markets that are reducing sequentially by double digits. You really just see that resiliency from a margin perspective and the ability for the company to kind of react to those kind of reductions. I mean, the mobile devices market is certainly normally used to having kind of reductions like that. But places like IT, data, mobile networks, broadband, these are not markets that typically have that type of volatility from a quarter-to-quarter basis. And I think that you really as that kind of shows through just in the results for the first quarter. And as Adam said, I don’t think that would be any different in the future. But the bottom line is we’re driving for continued growth and we will react to demand reductions where that may be.
Craig Lampo: Yes. Thanks Mark. Yes, I mean, in Q1 we actually had good cash flow, I mean 100% essentially of our yield on for the first quarter, which for the first quarter actually is probably better than average. But given that, I do recognize that our inventory was even a little bit higher than we would typically wanted to see here in the first quarter from a day's perspective. And the team is – there's many reasons for that. I mean we had certainly a very strong 2022. We had supply chain issues throughout the majority of the year of 2022. And I think that as we came into the first quarter, where days typically get higher. Normally, there certainly is kind of a lag effect or a hangover effect from a supply chain perspective as well. And I do believe that the team certainly will have some impact on that over the coming quarters, and we should see some improvement from a day's perspective on inventory, which just naturally will help from a cash flow. But I think our target cash flow continues to be 100%, or 90% to 100% kind of from a free cash flow perspective. And I think that certainly, that should be achievable here and for the full year, and there may be a quarter or two where we're actually a little higher than that as we kind of bring inventory a bit down.
Craig Lampo: And Michael, just to clarify, just to avoid any confusion, RFS, since we have not closed on it yet, is not included in our guidance and it wouldn't be included in guidance until we close.
