Adam Norwitt: Well, I think to answer a little bit in reverse. I mean market growth for smartphones is not always a great predictor of our performance, as you know there are lots of different factors that go into that market growth. But in terms of our position with our customers, I think we really confirmed to our customers that Amphenol is a very important partner to have and customers are not going to forget that very easily. So I believe that we have really created for ourselves a very resilient position but resilient with the caveat that you are in a market where everything can change all the time. And so I think we've done ourselves a great service. Our customers have recognized that. I believe that we'll continue to have a very strong position but what volumes ultimately will be and how new platforms ultimately gets designed that's always very difficult to predict in this market. 
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean I think dour is maybe a little strong word for the guidance. I think we expect it to be for the year kind of flattish for the year which is not quite dour but certainly our performance in 2017 was not what we would have want to come into the year. I wouldn't say that there is in particular one or another geography that sticks out, I think what we see in the mobile networks market is that -- is the dynamic that we have seen many times before when you have both generational changes as well as various corporate goings and coming across the industry which is that -- there is a little bit of a pause and that is the pause that we saw this year. And you'll recall 2016 was a very strong year for us in mobile network, Shawn. And I think this year we saw a pull back in that and we expect that kind of a pause to continue into 2018 in particular as the 5G network as the planning goes on for those. If there is ever an acceleration overall in the plans about various operators or pulling forward in the plans of when to ultimately install next generation network. Well, I can assure you is our team has just done fabulous job of making sure that we are broadly positioned in all geographies. And that's how we've always dealt with this. We've always think about this market as a market where you get sometimes this kind of pent-up demand that materializes over a certain time period, obviously data traffic is not changing, it continues to grow unabated but ultimately when operators choose to make the investments in those next generation network, number one depends on the availability of the actual hardware to enable those networks. Number two, it depends on what's happening with the various corporate ownership of those operators. And number three, it depends on their ability to monetize the increase in the data traffic. I think over the years the operators have gotten better at that last piece which is the monetization of the data traffic but still there is much work still to be done on finalizing these next generation network. Regardless of how it comes out, we've always been there and been ready as to waiting to capitalize on that pent-up demand when it eventually does get satisfied. And I believe long term it will. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, I think if you with Shawn's question I think there is something related to that which is we clearly had a very significant over achievement here in the second half. When we think about our mobile devices business, in the mobile devices market for us second half to first half was up by nearly 90%, I mean that was very, very strong performance by our team and I cannot just emphasize enough how much hard work goes in for that. And through that demonstration of being there for our customers and really supporting them when they needed that support, I think that does create some little bit more favorable view going into the year in terms of where we will be with those customers going forward. Again, with the caveat that I always make that you never know in the mobile devices market. We just felt that coming into this year on the basis of all that we know from our customers that it's a little bit obviously a little bit more favorable outlook than what we've seen over the prior three years. Now, I am not going to tell you I am any more dependable on our outlook on mobile devices. I have been for three years running very undependable in those same three years that you correctly point out, we guided it flat. I was wrong all three years. Fortunately, I was wrong to the upside two out of the three years. And I was wrong to the downside one or other. But-- and we've always tried to guide on the basis of what we see at the beginning of the year, that's the best that we can do here. And I think just this time what we see today sitting here in January is a little bit more favorable than what we've seen in the prior three January.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean it's hard for us to guide for the full year and to guide for our first quarter let alone to give any kind of intelligent and helpful guidance in terms of cadence over the course of those quarters. As you know, we are not very good at that. It's a very difficult market to forecast. I wouldn't say that there is anything terribly abnormal from what we see today but I would be hard pressed to try to paint for you a good picture of what each quarter is going to be sitting where we sit today. 
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean I think it's really important to have a government that operate effectively and has budget, that's the time that those governments need budget. I remember there was lot of pain that everybody in the military industry went through a time when we were dealing with this bad word, sequestration which you all remember very well. I wouldn’t' say that the current environment is anything like that sequestration. We've been very favorable overall demand in the military market. I think we've done even a little bit better than that when you look at our performance. I think for a full year performance growing 13% organically and not forgetting that the prior year we grew 4% organically and that was including the DLA issue which is year and half ago. Does not having a budget is jumping from CR to CR to CR in the budgeting process; put a damper on the demand for our products. I don't know that we have seen that. I have certainly heard some of our customers in the media talking about how for them it is concerning that there is not a real permanent budget and we would applaud any effort to get a budget done and little back as the military -- military certainly does not like to operate in time of uncertainty. So what is very clear and I think if we look at the change over the recent several years is there is clearly the shift towards the strategic posturing of the military which has more of -- towards building of next generation electronic system to enable our military hardware, both in the US and around the world. And we've seen that just very broadly next generation system new product, a lot of new innovation, upgrades to existing products. I mentioned that we've seen growth in the military market this year really very broadly. If I look at all the little segment that we track in the military market essentially all but maybe one or two of them are up and are up in double digit on a full year basis. And that's everything from communication to ordinance application to vehicles to airframe to naval to space. So we are really pleased that it appears that sort of tilting of the balance maybe away from supporting day to day operating expenses in military and more towards the advanced electronics and advance capabilities that ultimately can be enabled by electronics. I think that's the real favorable environment that our team has been able to capitalize upon. And we are able to capitalize upon that because we've got such a breadth of product and a depth of technologies across the company and across the region in which we operate. So regardless of whether the US kind of hopscotches between these continue resolution, I think we have a good outlook and I don't think that our outlook for the military market is anyway really based on those political soap opera in Washington.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. So I think just on your -- reverse the question a little bit, both markets we would expect to be kind of high single digit organic growth for the year. And it's very, very strong outlook. I would separate the two in terms of the dynamic in the industrial and the automotive market. I think the industrial market certainly does not have some broad economic tailwind behind it. Even if some of our performance in areas of that market are clearly are outperforming any trends that you see overall. Our strength in areas like heavy equipment and oil and gas, we are happy to have kind of rebounding at this point and things like instrumentation and medical, factory automation. I think not all of those trends are just pure rising tide of GOP lift all the industrial boats kind of trend and if you look at something like factory automation I think here you have a trend that is beyond GDP which is really a shift in places like China and other low cost countries towards automation in order to deal with either lack of availability of labor which we see in many places or increasing cost of that same laboring. Our products are used on a wide array of everything from robots to automation machine that go into this new factories and that's been a real favorable segment for us. I would say that automotive is much more a content growth story of electronics applications continuing to expand in the car. And not necessarily so much just an overall economic trend of automotive. I mean you all know better than I do the general automotive number whether that flat or low single digit or whatever forecast would come. I think for us is less important than the fact that we continue to see just a great proliferation of electronics across car line .And the includes everything from hybrids and electric drive train to next generation emission control to onboard electronics to even kind of autonomous liked application that are going into cars and again creating just great new functionality into demand for new electronic systems which ultimately create a really nice opportunity for our team to work with customers to design in our next generation product. So I'd say that less of a broad GDP economy trend and maybe industrial has a bit more of component of that. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you, Sherri. No, I think we've just established ourselves in the IT market as really the leader in the high technology product for this market and so I think our team with their combination of truly advanced technologies whether that's in high speed and power and fiber optics or the other relevant technologies, together with the dynamics that I have described now here for several years of that quick ability to pivot towards where the new opportunities will be, I think that has given us a really great platform from which we can have this favorable view for the future. It's more of that growth coming from servers or storage or networking or cloud service, I don't know that I would break it down so specifically but I think the trends that we've seen over the recent two years, and we don't see a big change in those trends. Whether is a bit more growth coming out of some of these next generation cloud companies and maybe a little bit less coming out of the more traditional OEMs that building the boxes.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean I don't know that we would necessarily have dramatically better visibility than what get publicly announced about who is going to build what network when. I think you've started to hear some prognosis about when certain networks are going to be built. Some of them around Olympic Games, some of them around other events and timing. The question is not when the first network gets build. The real question is when they really start to get build in true volume. And I mean you will remember certainly Craig when 3G, there were plenty of 3G trial network built or certain cities that were built, before you really started to see material levels of demand that were representing significant network build out for that equipment. And so when-- sometime you will see announcement, you will see announcements about certain things being built but that won't necessarily be the real volume increases that could ultimately satisfy this pent-up demand that I spoke off earlier. With respect to the content on 5G, every generation has different architectures, has different content, every vendor who makes this equipment has slightly different approaches to how they design things. I wouldn't characterize 5G is having necessarily different content and what we've seen in 4G or 3G. what I would characterize though very clearly is that the performance requirement of what goes into 5G cell site whatever that is either in the base station or across the site, those performance requirements are clearly going to be higher than what we've seen in 4G. Whether that's the speed or late fee or power consumption and those all areas where we have a really great track record of helping our customers to tackle the thorny problems that come as they are trying to break beyond prior levels of performance. And so does it end up having more or less connectors on one or more or less cable or bigger or smaller antennas that is for us a little bit less important than the degree of technology that's getting embedded into next generation system. And we have no reason to believe that won't be a very advanced technology going into these side pieces. 
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, I think relative to supply chain, number one is our team just done a fabulous job and are there certain constraint, we certainly hear about the passes and discrete and some ICs, I wouldn't say that in our company and our universe and our industry we have seen those broad based constraints. There have been some discussions about certain materials like copper and other things like that but obviously our team was able to drive just outstanding results here regardless of any minor constraints that maybe there. Craig mentioned that we have seen some increased cost of certain commodities, and that was reflected most prominently in the margin that we saw in our cable business this quarter. But broadly I would not point to any supply chain constraints and I think certainly none that we are causing and again go back to the ramp up that we were able to drive in our mobile devices market. You look at some of the sequential growth that we are able to achieve also in over the course of this year in our industrial market in mil-aero. So no question that our team was able to deal in that environment regardless whether there were constraints or not. And so I don't think it's impacting Amphenol and it's certainly not impacting our outlook for 2018.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Jim and thanks for your kind word. I mean relative to the outlook and I think specifically you are getting to the organic outlook for the year. I mean we are coming -- our outlook here represents organic growth of 2% to 4% for the year and an overall growth of 6% to 8% for the year. If I just go back in time last January, I think our outlook was 0% to 2% organic growth for the year. And if I look at our organic over last three years and in fact in 2017 we accelerated our organic growth. We had 8% organic growth and in the prior two years our organic growth was a bit more muted but we complimented that with outstanding acquisitions in the year. So I would actually say that our guidance here for 2018 is a very, very robust guidance and it's a great blend in fact of both organic and acquisition contributions and represents a more favorable outlook than we've had really organically for the last three years. So I think that's -- we feel very good about the guidance and about how we are looking into 2018. And relative to mobile, I think, you know that mobile some years Q4 is very strong relative to Q3, other years it's more balanced across the quarter. And so we've seen reductions sometimes of more than 30% in the first quarter for mobile and we've seen other quarter's growth more like this 20%. Is this 20% a little bit on the lower end? It's certainly lower than the 30% we've seen in some other years but it's not uniquely low. I think we've had other years where mobile is down roughly about 20%. But we talked earlier with one of your peer's questions I think we do have a slightly more favorable view of the mobile market sitting where we sit today and maybe part of that is associated with that little bit lower sequentially we find the first quarter. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Deepa for the question. I mean relative to the overall M&A landscape and the cash that is maybe available to some companies, I personally would not expect that would have a significant change. And for one reason. It's not that we are now that we have availability and a flexibility that the Craig talked about so eloquently here from the tax reform, it's not that we are going just go change how we think about pricing on acquisition. I believe very much that one should pay reasonable prices for acquisition regardless of what the cost of capital of the moment is because when we make these acquisitions, we are acquiring them for life. At an Amphenol we are not -- we don't view ourselves as a portfolio or manager per se where we buy things and then some day we sell them and we try to market time to buying and the selling of them. We are buying companies on a permanent basis and we know that we are going to be living with the earnings of that company on a permanent basis when the rate environment or the various cost of capital may have changed. And so we are going to remain very disciplined on price. We are very happy to pay good prices for great companies and we are going to continue to take that same approach. And I think as really the acquire of choice in our industry we would maybe set a little bit the trend there as it were. As it relates to our overall M&A pipeline, we continue to have a very robust pipeline. And we are very pleased to have closed on the two deals that we announced yesterday. We have still many more companies that we pursue and follow and stay in touch with and have it various stages of the life of an acquisition if you will. It is there another FCI kind of near and on the horizon that is not something that I would necessarily comment on today. Except to say that we have never had as criteria for our acquisition program size. And so if the right company does come along and clearly there are companies that are of certain sizes in our industry, and if that opportunity were to present itself, we would not be scared away by size. I think that what we look for an acquisition is people number one. We look for great management teams and we've been so successful in accomplishing that goal. We look for fantastic, innovative and enabling technology. And we look for companies with complimentary market position to Amphenol. And if we can fit -- if we can check those three boxes very importantly, whether that is a big company or small company we are going to put our best effort forward in terms of bringing that into the Amphenol family. So we'll continue to work hard at our acquisition program. I think the balance of capital deployment at fragmented acquisition remain really a very high priority if not our highest priority together with investing in our organic growth. And we are going to continue to deploy that capital which as we said has a more flexible availability to it than it had in the past and I am very confident long term we will have great success. We remain unable to predict when those acquisitions will close and when we will get them but I am confident long term there will be good ones ahead. 
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think with the two acquisitions, they are obviously very different. One is value add interconnect assembly company, cable assemblies is the CTI and we obviously know how to do cable assemblies. We have plenty of them across Amphenol. And often times with the cable assembly business you are really looking for different customer channels, different markets, and different presence but at the same time they have fantastic manufacturing technology and really great high value component. And so that's with CTI. I think with Sunpool, we are just really pleased that we get here not only in automotive antenna company, it's very, very important arguably the most important automotive market where the most cars are sold, sold and made. But also a truly vertically integrated automotive antenna capability and that is additive to what we have had in the past. You know that we've been developing organically our own automotive antenna business and we've been very successful with that. But I'd say this really give us a turbo boost in terms of our overall capabilities on automotive antennas from a design perspective of validation, assessing and all the kind of component of making those products, some of which we were able to do before and some of which we are only now able to do with the additional of Sunpool.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean the way that we build our guidance is really through our internal forecasting process which is based ultimately and what we hear from our customers talking to our sales people. And what we don't do is we don't read the paper and say, well, we think there is a certain trends that maybe coming and we should adjust our guidance accordingly. And if the overall market changes then we would be very happy to be there to enable that higher level of spending. It's not something that we've seen from customers and so our guide in corporate executive what we hear from the customers. We are as helpful as anybody and things like US tax reform or stimuli or overall economic growth around the world can ultimately drive things like infrastructure spending or investments in network or whatever that maybe that can ultimately have a favorable effect on demand for our product. But today what we see and what we hear from our customers is embedded here and what we guided to. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, I am not going to quantify it but what I said consistently is we've seen just outstanding performance from that. And I think ultimately if you think about the driver of why this demand is increasing. I mean you see just so many opportunities coming the demand for video and the internet, the demand for consumers consuming things in the mobility that they won't otherwise consuming, I mean crazy things I mean now that it appears that there is video game league that are popular than natural sports leagues and people are watching these on their mobile devices, they are streaming them, they are doing all of these. These are all the kinds of drivers that are ultimately create, putting, forcing the data through the network. And as we've seen that shift towards these new web service providers, a lot of the backbone for these new consumption of video is happening through this web service providers, and so we've just -- that has been a real driver of growth and we would anticipate it to continue to be. I will say that as you migrate towards a service provider in terms of their proportion of the market, service providers buy in a very different cadence than do equipment manufacture. And so ultimately that can lead sometime to more volatility. And we saw this quarter in our IT datacom market where in fact in the fourth quarter our sales were slightly down and that's despite having an excellent year going 9% for the full year. But we had had a year before an outstanding finish to the year where we've seen really significant investment in particular in web service providers. So I wouldn't be surprised if there is a little bit more of that kind of operator type service provider type volatility in the IT market for some portion of it. Is it today the dominant part of our IT datacom market? No, it's not. But has it been a real significant driver of growth for that? Yes, no question about it, it has and we would anticipate that going forward. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, I mean ultimately you are talking about someone who is worrying about running a factory versus someone who is just building thing, building datacenters, getting work crews in the field. And anybody who is involved in actually building network, so whether that's mobile service providers, whether that's broadband service providers, whether that's a internet service providers, the cadence of when you build things is very different than if you are operating factories and you are paying for factory overhead and you want to kind of level low those factories over a certain time period. I mean workers and construction project happen at a very different type of timing than do just factory consumption. Very good. Well, I think that is our final question and again we very much appreciate everybody's attention to us here. And look forward to talking to you all here in three months and again Happy New Year and great continuation here in the first quarter. Thank you very much. 
Craig Lampo: Sure. Thanks, Amit. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks Amit and with the current information and guidance available to us, create our best estimate and kind of what we have today. There is a lot of moving part as it relate to the Tax Act. It was just passed 30 days ago, a little over 30 days ago. So there is still a significant amount of interpretations and guidance coming out. I mean there is guidance that came out just Friday of last week that we had to process. So that's kind of what we are referring to in terms of we are still evaluating. I wouldn't point out any one particular thing. There are certain provisions in that that are certainly have some impact on us and other multinational companies. But the one point that's kind of our best guess today based on what we know and we did say at least one point I wouldn't expect less than that. So let's see what happens in going forward as we have more clarity on all of these things that we are expecting hopefully will come out from guidance interpretation perspective. So I'd tell you that I think 25.5% is the right rate to use as kind of we look forward here and I am certainly not going to guess in 2019 and beyond with what might happen there. 
Craig Lampo: Yes, sure. Thanks, Craig. I think that's right in regard to the full year 2018 in the first quarter. I think that certainly commodities do have some level of impact specifically regarding to the cable segment. We've talked about this when I talked about the reason for the reduction in the profitability in that segment. I mean another thing that actually does have a little bit of impact in the short term but over time we would expect to improve upon it is the impact of our acquisitions that have been done recently over the course of the year. And the acquisitions while they are accretive from an EPS perspective do sometimes have some operating profitability level that are a little bit less than or in some cases some significantly less than our corporate average. And one this is usually happens before we've been able to have them adopt kind of Amphenol operating principle and then get them up to a level. And we saw this in 2016 in a magnified effect when we looked at the full year piece of FCI which we were able to get much quicker than we expected. And that's a little bit what you are seeing in 2018 as you compared to 2017. And over time we would expect to get those acquisitions up to the average of the company and but from a long-term perspective at this 25% conversion margin that we talked about consistently I think that some years could be a little up, sometimes little bit down from that but I think that's still a long -term target that we believe is very achievable. 
Craig Lampo: Sure. Thanks for the question. As it relate to the buyback, I mean every quarter is a little different in terms of how we allocate capital and I wouldn't say that. I think we actually had a lot of buybacks happening in the first half of the year and first three quarters of the year. And but every single -- 8.4 million shares for the year so I think that and if you look at the whole year I think that's kind of the context I would put it in. I don't think any one particular quarter. I would really focus on from a buyback perspective or nor I would focus on from an M&A perspective piece. That also has certainly its puts and takes from a quarter perspectives. So overall from a capital allocation perspective I wouldn't take that I guess used amount in the first quarter as any change. I think as it relates to the new Tax Act, we really truly believe that the new territorial regime that is now in place under the new Tax Act really provides us with or further enhances our flexibility that we really think is a cornerstone, one of the cornerstones of our capital deployment strategy. We really think balance flexibility and consistency are really the cornerstone of our strategy and we do think the Tax Act really helps with that and supporting that and the ability to more freely move cash as myself and Adam mentioned in our prepared remarks really additionally supports that as well. So in the short term from a capital deployment perspective I think that the flexibility introduced by act will ultimately help us in the long term. It really isn’t going to have so much of an impact I think on our overall deployment strategy giving 50% of our return of capital for M&A with the other 50% going to return of capital to shareholders and any one quarter maybe different. 
Craig Lampo: Yes. So, Deepa, I think it is fair to assume that we don't have that included in our guidance. We haven't guided to any of this excess tax benefit on our stock based compensation. And the reason for that I mentioned in my prepared remarks and we do really believe that the availability to be able to compare our results especially since the tax benefit is going to be significantly reduced under this new Tax Act is important. There will certainly be some benefit in 2018 based on some level of stock option exercises but the same level of stock option exercise will create significantly reduced benefit because of the new tax regime. So we are certainly not guiding to that and we are not included that in our adjusted guidance, adjusted EPS guidance for specifically that reason. 
Craig Lampo: Sure, thanks. As I mentioned before I mean 2018 is certainly there is some impact from commodities and the cable segment as I mentioned. There is certainly an impact as it relates to the acquisitions that we've done 2017 and we don't project in 2018 for them to be quite up to the level of Amphenol yet. But over time I don't think there is anything that's holding us back since we are at 20% that wasn't holding us back or helping us before we are at 20% level. There is nothing from a leverage perspective that changes anything right now. I think we continue to have a great management team that does a really great job of making sure that their cost in the business are as low as possible given and as flexible as possible in regard to their everyday operation. And these general managers do a fantastic job as they have done before the company was overall at 20% in regards to maximizing the profitability and whether or not they do it out of SG&A or whether or not they do it in the factory or whatever else. We are not really so concerned about that. I think this is an area that we believe that long term we should be able to continue to have that leverage. But in any one year there will be things that will impact it such as the commodities that have had some impact in 2017 in the cable segment and into 2019. And in the shorter term the acquisition that are having some impact which we would expect as we acquire companies that are at lower profitability will have some impact in the future and until we are able to get them up to the Amphenol operating level which we do believe as the management team is clearly possible and certainly targeted. 
