Adam Norwitt: Yes, Amit, I didn't perfectly hear the second part of your question. There's a little bit of a connection issue. But I think relative to your question, which was, is industrial stable versus 90 days ago. I mean, look, I think we came into the quarter with an expectation of kind of a modest reduction in sales, our sales -- we're essentially in the line with that. So I think it was kind of what we expected it to be. I would say that the book-to-bill in industrial was a bit weaker. I mean, if we think about why our book-to-bill was 0.95:1. I mean, the real driver for that was industrial on 1 side. And we did see in the IT Datacom market a little bit of a softer book-to-bill. But that that is really just a little bit more of an equalization from very high books to build that we've seen over the prior couple of quarters. So I don't think the IT data come book-to-bill is at all representative of the demand environment. But I think -- in the industrial market, we did see bookings a little softer than we had anticipated. I'm going to assume that your second question is how do we see that going forward? And where do we see that kind of cycle in industrial. And I think it's early to tell. I mean the beauty of our industrial business is it so broad. And so we're not levered on to one or another of the individual segments. And you know there are so many segments across the industrial market that we participate in. And we don't have any of those that are really disproportionate to our overall business. And we continue to see some of those segments areas like marine and oil and gas, rail mass transit, medical during the course of this year. They still had very robust demand. But no doubt about it, areas like factory automation, instrumentation, those are areas where we've seen more market reductions in demand and also more impact from the distribution channel. When is that going to be worked out in the distribution channel, the inventory, when does some of that demand return in some of those segments. I think it's a little too early to tell. And as we go through the course of this year, we'll try to give you a really good read on that. I mean as we look into here now in the first quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do anticipate in the first quarter, a kind of a modest level, but really supported by the acquisitions that we've made. And on an organic basis, we see the first quarter, again, modestly down from our current levels. 
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thank you very much, and welcome to our call. I look forward to getting to meet you in person. We're really excited about the progress that the company has made in AI. And I just want to reflect on one aspect, which is that AI is not new to us. While the world over the course of the last year has sort of woken up to AI with the advent a year ago, November of ChatGPT and the sort of revolution of generative AI. Our team has been working on the interconnect architecture surrounding AI for a long, long time. And so it is only now that maybe there is this acceleration almost, you could call it even a kind of revolution or a goldrush around AI, but we've been building the capability, building the product capability, building the manufacturing capability and capacity to support that for a long time. And I think this year, one of the ways that we were able to maybe even get a disproportionate share of some of the more urgent demand was that we were very quick to flex our capacity in favor of customers who needed products and when they needed it. And I think our team has always showed the ability to have that agility in reacting to upticks of demand. And I think that this AI is no different. I'm really proud of our team and how they've done that. Looking forward, it's still too early to say, what does that, look like over the long-term. But there's no question in my mind that AI seems like something that is not such a small deal. It seems like something where there are real economics behind it, where large companies are making significant investments into AI and where ultimately our architecture, our interconnect architecture is a very critical component together with the chips that you alluded to. Now relative to shortages of chips, that's -- I mean, we hope that there are significant investments in chip manufacturing, because in our industrial business, we do supply a lot of interconnect products that go into the industry for semiconductor manufacturing. I don't think that we've necessarily seen that as a governor on our output or on our customers' demand right now. But we'll see. It's not something that would directly impact except that maybe customers, if they couldn't get enough chips, they would moderate their overall construction. But we haven't seen that yet. And I think our team is just doing a fabulous job dealing with the surge in demand that we saw this year. And it came at a time when overall IT demand was down. But in fact, some of the products were very different products. So it wasn't just that we were able to reallocate capacity from IT products that were not being consumed as much into these. There was a lot of new stuff that we had to do. And I think we did a really great job executing on that.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Wamsi. Well, you're asking me to do a tough thing, which is to talk about the next two years, in a very volatile space, which is communication. I think that's hard to say what will be the overall growth across communications. I would tell you, we see great opportunities across each of those areas with different things going on because remember, communications, not just IT datacom, it includes mobile networks. It includes mobile devices and obviously, broadband and I think there's different stuff going on in each of those areas. If you talk just about IT datacom, which is the biggest part of our communications business, I mean there is no doubt that, as I mentioned earlier, these investments in AI, I think we're in early days on this. I think that there are going to be more and more developments around the real kind of creation of new economic models around AI and then the investments to support that. That's already been broadly talked about. You've heard folks talking about pretty significant investments in these next-generation systems. And again, the interconnect products are a really integral part of those systems. So, I think on that front, I'm not getting out too ahead of my skis to say that I think at least specific to AI in IT datacom, I would expect over the coming couple of years. to see some great opportunities. I don't know about the base of IT Datacom over the next two years. I couldn't -- I can barely give you a 90-day kind of a very inaccurate guidance for mobile devices. I think that on wireless, we're going through a cycle, which is a typical cycle where they invest in a new type of a standard they wait to see and by day, I mean the service providers, the operators, they wait to see how does that settle out, how do customers take it? Are customers willing to pay more for the functionality that's delivered by that? And then there starts usually another round of the investments around that. And I think we're in that low period right now. I couldn't tell you when that low period will inflect and become more investment. But I can tell you, for sure, that in the coming years, there will need to be more investments around 5G and ultimately 6G and all the wireless networks because the vast majority of people connecting to the Internet are doing it not on a connection like a Cat 5 cable or in an office, they're doing it on a wireless basis, while they're moving around the world. And so that network is going to have to keep up with the data traffic that continues to expand kind of on an unabated basis. And then finally, broadband. Broadband is an area where I think there is a lot of push in countries like ours and others to ensure that there is both the capacity and the coverage for broadband access because it's viewed not as a luxury, but rather as a necessity that folks can have broadband access. And so I think long term, there's good opportunities there as well. Relative to China, I think I'm very happy to see that the sort of geopolitics of China and the U.S. seems to be the pendulum is swinging towards a more moderate phase. There's more people talking and all of that. And we're encouraged by that. I think the world is a better place when countries are talking rather than arguing, and I think that's a good thing. I think there's a lot written about the Chinese macro environment, and I'm not the expert to sort of go off on that. But what I will say is that in those areas of the electronics industries, where we support in China, places like the automotive industry, places like the industrial market, we continue to see great opportunities, and our team continues to do a fabulous job of capitalizing on those opportunities for the domestic market. And we feel really good about the position that we have as a company who is, of course, a global company but who operates through our unique organizational approach as a local company in that environment. And being the best of both worlds at a time like this when the world is somewhat uncertain, is a really good advantage for Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thank you very much. Again, there seems to be a little bit of a cut out of the sound there. But I think your question is, how do I see the organic growth prospects as opposed to just the acquisitions. And I think we feel good about the organic prospects of the company, given all what I talked about each of our individual markets, and I'm not going to go through each of them once again. But I will just tell you that the investments that we've made in next-generation technologies, the work that we've done to support customers when they need us the most over the last two, three, four years, has positioned us very, very strongly organically to have a strong, robust performance in the years to come. And the other thing I would say as well is we think about acquisitions and obviously, in the first year that you own a company that's considered acquired growth. But we're focused much more on what happens thereafter. And are we acquiring companies that become platforms of future organic growth for the company. And I would tell you, all these 10 companies that we acquired this year, the nearly 30 companies that we've acquired since 2019. To me, these companies all represent expanded platforms for future organic growth for the company which makes me feel confident that over time, we will have subject to all of the market dynamics that, for sure, we are not immune to that the company is positioned to have really great organic growth potential.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Andrew. Yes, I think what I said in my remarks is that we saw growth in AI, and we saw also growth in the underlying business. So I think over the last couple of quarters, I've described that are all of our upside, all of our sequential growth really did come from AI. I think that this quarter, it's some of each, which is actually really encouraging for us that we've seen maybe what 1 could call a bottoming of the underlying IT demand. Are we continuing to make progress in AI? Do we see continued acceleration opportunities? Yes, I wouldn't say that every quarter, it's going to accelerate in lockstep like it did over the course of Q2 and Q3 but for sure, we see opportunities long-term to be generating sales related to AI that are greater than we are today.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Mark, and Happy New Year to you as well. Look, we read all the same papers, and we hear about the sort of discussions about slowdowns in EV sales. And I think we shouldn't forget that this is a fairly western dynamic. I don't think we hear, for example, in Asia and specifically in the largest car market in the world, China, about folks turning their back on EVs and going back to internal combustion engine. But we do hear a little bit about that, I think, here and in Europe. And as I've described, I mean, we don't care if a car has an EV drivetrain or not. What we care about, does a car have a lot of electronics in it and new electronic systems. Among those systems are certainly electrified drivetrains or hybrid electric drivetrains. And I think that what we've seen in Asia, what we've seen in Europe, what we've seen in North America is that there is a real acceleration of the adoption of electronics in cars period. And some of that may actually be related to the fact that EVs tend to be a little more fancy electronically. And I think car companies are seeing that and upgrading their standard companies to incorporate more electronic functionality. And whenever you have electronic functionality in a car, regardless of the drivetrain, you're going to have new interconnect solutions. You're going to have new sensor solutions. You're going to have new antenna solutions. And those are the three areas of our participation in the automotive market. For sure, if I go to like the largest EV market, China, for example, I mean, there continues to be unabated a real adoption. And I would almost say that EVs in that market have kind of reached a sort of escape velocity, where they're just really normal. I mean you see them all over the place. And I think our team there just did a fabulous job of getting a breadth of penetration across both domestic and international EV manufacturers, whereby we really are able to enjoy the benefits of that. And I think in Europe and in North America, we've done a great job, but we've also done a really great job on capitalizing upon some of these new electronics. And so, I wouldn't put any dynamic here in the category of something that we view as a real near or medium-term challenge. I think quite the contrary, as car companies struggle to figure out how they can sell their products and make more money from doing it, they're always going to fall back on electronics as the way to do that. And that's a good thing for Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you so much. I think what you're alluding to is PCTEL and the fact that they have a very small test and measurement business and really wonderful people, wonderful products, but that's not why we bought PCTEL. And just -- you'll recall, we've acquired companies in the past, some of which are not purely the things that we were looking to acquire. And we're always very sensitive that we're never going to put ourselves in a competitive situation with our customers. And really PCTEL is known for their antenna technologies, which are fabulous. Not to say a bad word about their team that works in test and measurement, but we're not adopting a strategy to go after system-level products. In terms of our aperture for M&A, I mean we just see fabulous opportunities. I mentioned it in my prepared remarks. I think we have demonstrated an ability to acquire companies really across the board from a size perspective. We've demonstrated the ability to acquire a lot of companies and to process those effectively. And our small little headquarters team here, they may have been a little bit busier than normal over the last year with these 10 acquisitions. But the beauty is because of our organizational structure now having 14 groups across three global divisions, we have the wherewithal to make sure that those acquisitions get really their due attention when they become part of Amphenol. And I think the near-term pipeline remains a very robust pipeline, and we look forward to taking advantage of that. We will always remain a very disciplined buyer as we have forever. I am willing to walk away at the very last moment, if I have to, if something we find is not to our liking. We'll always pay a reasonable price, a fair price for great companies. We may not always be the highest priced buyer, but I think we are often the best buyer because of our effectiveness, our willingness to work aggressively to get things done. And the fact is our organizational structure allows those newly acquired companies to become part of Amphenol in a very unobtrusive fashion. They joined seamlessly. They come in and on day one. They just keep operating like they were doing on all the days before. And that is a relatively low-risk approach to acquisition, because we're not going in and just over -- just sort of having these kind of convulsive restructurings of the company, where you run the risk of destroying what you didn't even know you had. So we look forward to continuing to have great acquisitions in the future, but we're not going to be a kind of a system-level company. We know what we are. We're an interconnect company. There are wonderful opportunities for interconnect products to be expanded, both organically and through acquisition going forward, lots of really attractive companies out there, and we'll continue to position ourselves so the ones that match with us, the ones that go through our really rigorous kind of Rubicon of deciding whether or not to buy them, we'll be in a good position to execute on those over the near, medium and long term.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Chris. Yes. I mean, look, I don't usually talk about book-to-bill by submarkets. But I will tell you that, for sure, I mean, we had very strong bookings in AI-related applications in Q2 and Q3. And so it's not surprising that here in Q4, our IT Datacom book-to-bill was a bit below zero and -- sorry, a bit below one and because of those significant orders that we received, which customers wanted to place because they need the product and then we're executing upon those orders. And yes, I think that our IT Datacom business is in a good position looking forward. I mean our guidance for the first quarter is to have a little moderation, which is not abnormal this time of year, actually quite normal. Let me say that. And layered on top of that, I think the AI is a good thing to have. So no, I think you characterized it quite well. 
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks very much, Steve. Yes. I mean, look, in the quarter, we acquired companies who make sensors, antennas, cable and cable assemblies and really high-technology cable actually that has really great value for its customers. And we continue to see acquisition opportunities across really all of our interconnect products from discrete connectors to cable assembly, value-add, complex value-add interconnect products sensors, complex sensor interconnect assemblies, antennas and the like. And we're really pleased to continue to find companies across all of those products. I wouldn't tell you that we think so much about gross margin by product. We see great margin opportunities as you know. And Craig has said it so many times, we're very much focused on operating margins. And yes, I mean, some of these companies do operate below our corporate average, not all of them, by the way, but some of them do. And I think we -- that doesn't relate at all to their product type. We don't believe that there is a correlation between whether someone makes a connector, a sensor and antenna a cable or a cable assembly that, that is necessarily going to put them in a certain bucket of profit potential. We actually see great profit potential for all companies. And that's one of the ways we screen for acquisitions. I mean we're not going to buy a company if we don't see the long-term potential for that company to elevate its profitability to at or above our corporate average. Now, we do have industry-leading margins and so most of the companies that we do acquire tend to be lower than we are. And then it's our job and their job becoming part of the Amphenol family to bring those margins up over time. But it's really not at all correlated to the type of products that they sell.
Adam Norwitt: Great. Thanks so much, Matt. Look, I hope what you say is the case. We certainly hope that there is a refresh. Look, I think we've talked about this year and even a little bit last year, that the strength that we've seen in phones this year, which was more than offset, in particular, by things like laptops and tablets. It had to do with the clear fact that during the pandemic and when everybody went to work from home and study from home, there was an enormous rush to buy new devices, which caused a surge and really kind of upset the normal replacement cycle of those products. And so I guess that one could expect that if everybody bought a bunch of stuff in 2020 and 2021 and if those things tend to last three, four, five years, that eventually you would hope to see a little bit of a refresh. I don't know -- I can't tell you I have any information to support that. I'm sure you're getting your information from even wiser sources than I would have. Relative to the content, we do see great content opportunities in these devices as they get more complex, as they get more different wireless standards that they have to support as they have higher speeds, as they have more fine pitch and more precision inside of them, all of these create opportunities for Amphenol long term. We've always said about the mobile device market, and that includes tablets and laptops and the like, that to the extent that there is a premium on the hardware of the product, that can create opportunities for Amphenol over the long-term. And I think that will. Whether that's related to AI or not, that I can't necessarily connect those dots, but for sure, people are going to need new devices in the future, and we'll be happy to enable the interconnect products across those devices. Well, operator, if that was our last question, I guess I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everybody here today for spending a little bit of your time with us. I wish that you all have a good continuation of your winter wherever you may be. And we look forward to talking to all of you just 90 days from now. Thanks so much.
