Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks so much, Guy. And I think what you're referring to is, kind of, Moore's Law, which says that over time, whether it's every 18-months or some approximation thereof, that electronics tend to get a doubling of the performance for the given price. And I think that, that is true in electronics that if you look at what we -- the devices that we use today, the networks that we use today, we get so much more out of those things given the increase or even in certain cases, not increase of what we pay for those things today. And so it comes down then to innovation. And are we, as a company, innovating, developing products that are enabling our customers' applications and allowing our customers to sell value. And so you mentioned commodity. And we don't view our products as a commodity. Actually, we view them as a very precious piece of jewelry almost that the Interconnect products that we make from connectors to value-add Interconnect, Sensors, Antennas, these are highly critical components that go into very complex systems, everything from mobile devices all the way up to fighter jets and everything in between. And they represent also a very high risk and relatively low value as a percentage of the total bill of materials. And thus, if you can embed technology, if you can embed value, if you can be there for your customers, well, then your customers will be willing to share with you some of the value that they're able to realize on the sale of the end product. And so the difference between, kind of, a standard commodity is something that you see the price trading on an exchange somewhere, and ours is just a chasm of distance between them, because our products are enabling technology. They're very much application specific. We're selling hundreds of thousands and millions of different products to tens of thousands of customers and millions of different applications around the world. And if our product doesn't work, that small little thing in the system, then ultimately, the system itself doesn't perform for its customers. And so it's up to us to develop innovative new technologies on a consistent basis to be able to execute on behalf of our customers to do that with high quality, high reliability with a breadth of products so customers can come to us all at once. And if we can do that consistently, then we're able to realize good margins while also controlling the cost on our side. And that's another piece of this, which is that at the end of the day, margin is price minus cost. And so we have to control the price by selling value to our customers. We have to control the cost by ensuring that every element of cost is controlled and treated as it was coming out of our own pockets. And that comes really from the entrepreneurial organization, the 130 general managers around the world, who all treat the company's money as if it were their own. And the fact that we don't have cost centers in the company, we have a tiny little headquarters. And so that control on cost together with selling value through technology ultimately allows us to realize robust margins on a consistent basis.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Amit. There's a little bit of static on the line, but I think I heard the question well. Look, our guidance that we've given here, and I think I talked a lot about by each segment, but let me just put a finer point on this. If you just take two of our end markets and the guidance that I discussed and that's mobile devices and IT datacom, which are two of our largest communications markets, those represent about two-thirds collectively of the implied sequential reduction in sales from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. And I think we talked about in IT datacom that we clearly see a, sort of, reduction in orders from customers, because of elevated inventory levels. And there may be some demand layered into that, as well as our customer -- as the end customers, kind of, pause their build-outs, but we shouldn't forget one thing about IT datacom. We shouldn't forget that this is a market, first of all, that since 2019, we've grown that market by more than 70% during that time period that our customers have had to increase their output and their construction of their networks in order to satisfy a true explosion of demand for the Internet. And I think the underlying drivers of that, whether that be a video over the Internet or the use of certain tools that we didn't ever use before, the data traffic on the Internet is not dropping. I think what we are seeing is maybe a pause and a kind of realignment because these companies went real gangbusters for a number of years. But the structural increase of data traffic over the Internet in the broadest sense, that's something that we believe, and I think we're in good company believing that we'll continue for a long time to come. On mobile devices, I think we talked about the fact that during the course of the pandemic, there was a real surge in mobile device demand, as people had to detach from their offices and go home, things like tablets, things like computers, upgrades of phones and the like. Let alone the fact that everybody had a lot of disposable income to buy new things in their ears and on their wrists and otherwise. And I think there's been some relaxation of demand that's well reported, and you yourself have talked a lot about that in a variety of reports here in 2022. And regardless of that, our team did a fabulous job this year, driving 5% organic growth in 2022. But we're reacting to the demand that we hear from our customers. We're not losing share. Quite the contrary. But the demand expectations of our customers here in the first quarter really result in the guidance that we've given. So I would maybe point to those two markets, most particularly, which represent just roughly two-thirds of the sequential decline in our outlook.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks so much, Matt, and Happy New Year back to you. No, look, our industrial market has a real bright spot for us over these three years. And I just mentioned how IT datacom since 2019 has grown by 70%. Our industrial business has actually grown by more than 90% during that time period. And we've added some amazing acquisitions across Interconnect and Sensors, but we've also driven really strong organic growth. And I think, last year, we grew by 13% organically. In ‘21, we grew by 27% organically and really on a wide swatch of the industrial market, which is very, very diversified inside it. This industrial lag consumer and datacom, I don't have a really good opinion about that, I think they're quite different markets. You have a lot of very different demand drivers. And if you think about what are the underlying drivers of demand in industrial, well, think about the things that are in the headlines today. Things like investments in infrastructure, things like electrification, things like decarbonization, which includes everything from infrastructure to support electrification, which includes things like alternative energy generation, which includes things like natural gas conversion and pipelines. And we've actually seen funny enough, like strong performance in both our alternative energy business, but also our oil and gas business. Both of those are really showing really strong momentum right now. And I wouldn't think that any of those correlate necessarily to a consumer or a datacom world. Is there inventory in the supply chain of industrial? I don't have good evidence to say, yes or no to that. I'm sure if you looked at a variety of publicly traded balance sheets, you may see some evidence of and some evidence of not. We do look in our distribution channel in there. I think inventories are healthy. They're not crazy. I mean, they may be up a touch or two, but not out of whack to the overall demand environment. Look, industrial is going through a true revolution. And when you think about everything from electrification, electronification, all the underlying drivers that I talked about, I think we've done a fabulous job, and our team in that area has done a fabulous job, both organically, as well as identifying and bringing to the Amphenol family great companies like CMR this quarter and many others over the last three, four years that put the company in a strong position going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Mark. And look, I'm glad you bring off China, because I want to just give a real shout out to our team in China. Q4 in China was a funky quarter. You came in with zero COVID and you left with 100% COVID. And that created a lot of challenges operationally. And the fact that we were able not only to deliver on our commitments in the quarter, but to actually exceed our guidance in the quarter was just a real testament to our entire global organization, but in particular, to our team in China, who just manage through this well while protecting our people as best you can in a country where basically everybody got COVID, it was really phenomenal And I'm just so proud of what they were able to do during that time period. Look, our business in China, we have a great business in China. Our China business is very much a business for the local region, for the customers, who want to buy in those regions. And we've done such a great job over the years despite geopolitics and all of that of being a truly local company, and this gets to kind of our organization, which I think, I've used the term before that we have an organization that's really purpose-built for whatever the world order is going to be. And that's an organization of people who are made up of local nationals all over the world, people from India in India, people from China in China, people from France in France. And that allows us to really tailor our operations to the requirements of that region and of that country. And we've certainly done that in China over these last several very dynamic years. In terms of whether we expect a kind of a demand rebound in China, I don't know, I think it's a little early to say that. But whatever comes will come. And I think we're poised and positioned that if there is some rebound, if there is an increase in consumer spending or whatever on whatever kind of products, there's no doubt in my mind that our team will be there to capture more than our fair share if that should so occur. I mean, they demonstrated here in the fourth quarter that nothing can stop them. And I'm very confident that whatever comes along, we'll take full advantage. And if risks materialize, if some impediments should come along, I mean, this is a team that's pretty battle hardened. So I'm pretty confident they'll do a great job.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thanks so much, Steven. Happy New Year to you as well. Look, we're really excited about this business. I mean, we have a business in fiber optics, we have a business in hybrid cable, we have a business in antennas. But no doubt about it, RFS brings us a much, much stronger position from a technology perspective, from a capacity perspective and from a channel into certain markets. And we've always been really excited about the mobile networks market. And one of the unique things about Amphenol is, I think I've said this many times, is that we sell to the OEMs. We're one of the leading interconnect suppliers to the world's leading OEMs who make mobile networks equipment, but we also sell to the service providers and to the operators. And that actually is an evolution of our long-term position with the broadband service providers where we know how to work with service providers. And today, we work with service providers in broadband, we work with them in the IT datacom market, we work with them in broadband -- I mean, in mobile networks. And anywhere where now providers are our customers and not just OEMs making equipment. And I think RFS really allows us to take a step function growth in the strength of our position there with service providers. And doing that at a time where we're still, I believe, in the early innings of the 5G investments in the network, let alone what happens when 5G exists for all of our other markets. And we're big believers on the kind of structural potential of both the build-out of the 5G networks that are happening around the world, as well as what it means to have low latency, ultra-high bandwidth ubiquitous data traffic for all of our end markets. And after 5G will come, 6G and then there will come 7G, and you and I will probably still be floating around when we're talking about 10G one day, Steve. But now, we're really excited about RFS and look forward to them. I look forward to getting to the regulatory process. And again, we expect to close it at the end of the second quarter. And thus, it's not in our guide here in the first quarter, but it is certainly in our long-term strategy.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Jim. I would love to be able to extrapolate from sort of past experience to today. But I would tell you that I don't know that at least in my history, which is, by the way, 25-years this year in the company, to live through a time period like we've just gone through in the last three years and what that has done to the dynamics of the market from a pandemic to a supply chain crisis, to an explosion of data traffic that came out of the pandemic and shutdowns and work-from-home and all those various things, the transformation of how people consume, entertainment and media and information. So I don't know that there is a good template for kind of the -- what has happened in the IT datacom market over the last three years. And thus, it would be hard for me to say, do I expect this to be a one quarter, two quarter or whatever kind of an adjustment? And thus, we don't run our business that way. The fact is it is what it is right now, and we adjust in real time our resources to accommodate the level of demand that we see from each of our operations. We have 131 operations around the world right now, roughly. And each of them have their own set of customers. Some of whom have demand that is growing and others of whom and that includes those who work in this market, where maybe demand is moderating somewhat. They don't make a guess and say, well, is that going to be a one, two, three quarter thing, and thus, what should I do? They just say, my customer needs this much, and I'm going to go out and adjust my resources in real time. And that real-time reactivity and agility that Craig mentioned earlier, which, by the way, was reflected in our margins in the fourth quarter and is also reflected in our margins in the first quarter, that's how we run the business. We'll react to whatever the demand environment is, and we're not going to try to trip over ourselves trying to guess how long it is. But what I know is this, long-term, the demand for data, the demand for our products, leading edge, high-speed fiber optic power products, that's going to be a very robust demand long-term. And so we will come through this adjustment that our customers are going through, and we will come out of it a stronger company than ever, and we will continue to have a very robust technology position in the future.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks to you and Happy New Year as well. Look, you said it, I mean, we have definitely outperformed in the automotive market for a pretty long time period here, quite a number of quarters, and I'm just really proud of our team. There weren't always easy years, I mean, clearly, 2020 was a tough year. Even 2019 was a challenging year. But we never kind of threw in the towel during that time period. We never said let's go cut back on new product investment or let's retrench, let's reorganize, quite the contrary. In fact, we continue to work with customers around the world on next-generation applications. And those next-generation applications, everything from passenger connectivity and power applications to high-voltage applications in the car to communications around Antennas and the like. we are now really realizing the benefits of that over the last couple of years. And in terms of the channel, we don't really see the channel and the inventory in the channel as being a big driver of the demand. I think the driver of the demand has been the rapid adoption of new electronic systems, in particular, electrification of cars, but not exclusively electrification. And so when I think about the key factors that can be plus or minus in the future, well, sure, at some level, the number of cars being sold matters. But more importantly is the content of electronics and the content of new systems in those cars in the future. And if that content continues to move up and to the right and if we continue to do a pretty decent job of getting some or more than our fair share of that, then I think there's good potential for our automotive business in the long-term. I would not get out in front of my skis here and tell you that 29% organic growth is going to be our perpetuity or 41% that we achieved in 2021. But we're very confident in our -- in the strength of our position.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Will. I mean, look, we obviously had in the fourth quarter a lower book-to-bill of 0.89. But I would just point out that over the course of this year, we still have a positive book-to-bill of 1.02. And if you look over the last two years, we've actually booked in the last two years, $25 billion in orders and we've shipped $23.5 billion in sales. So we've added $1.5 billion to our backlog during that time. And we have, today, still a very robust backlog. I think we talked about last quarter that we probably saw about a three-week expansion of our backlog. And I think we're probably still roughly in that ballpark right now, somewhere around a three-week or so beyond what maybe it was in the past. And when I say the past like 2020 and maybe year-end. And that's a really strong position. At the same time, there's no doubt about it that the kind of acute phase of the supply chain crisis and the kind of multiplicity of pressures that was put on our customers across really all of our markets, I think we're beyond the acute phase of that supply chain crisis. I'm not going to tell you like it's totally in the rearview mirror, like there's still little things that people have to deal with. But I would not be surprised if our customers, kind of, normalize a little bit more their lead times across the board. And one of the things that happened during the course of the pandemic and the supply chain crisis that came thereafter, is we were doing a great job. I mean, we supported our customers through the time. We did not meaningfully have to extend our lead times, but customers were sort of taking a one-size-fits-all approach in several of the markets. And that led, I think, them to certainly in the communications market, to maybe end up ordering a little bit more than they were going to do. I would also point out one other thing out here just in the fourth quarter, with our relatively low book-to-bill, compared to historical levels, actually, that was really concentrated in our communications markets. And we saw a book-to-bill outside of the communications market, which was basically 1:1 in the fourth quarter, which also gives us some confidence that there's still a robust demand for our products. But I don't think in terms of the normalization, I would expect some normalization. That whole cliche of just in time versus just in case, maybe customers long term will have a little bit more order windows. But I think we sit in a really good position here.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Chris. I mean, look, resiliency connectivity, I think there's been a lot of things that have shifted. We've just been through a once in a several-generation pandemic. Hopefully, we are sort of at the tail end of it. I know our team in China certainly hopes that in the fourth quarter. But I think it has changed everything. It's touched everything. Let me say that, whether it's dramatically changed everything. But no doubt, resiliency and ability of a company to be there for its customers regardless of what comes along. That is definitely more in the consideration of our customers than ever before, and that plays very well into our approach. Our approach has never been to put all our eggs in one basket to build these massive campuses. We have 250 facilities around the world. Some people think we're crazy to have that many factories, but part of it is risk. Part of it is making sure that we're close to our customers, and we're not putting all of our eggs in one basket. And we have a pretty fragmented manufacturing footprint all over the world with low-cost operations in all three of the major regions in continents. And I'll tell you that, that enabled us during this time period to take share from maybe some of our competitors, who are either smaller or more concentrated and thus, we're stricken by these kind of unpredictable impediments that came along during the pandemic and the supply chain crisis. And relative to connectivity, and I'm going to sort of put a little stab on what your implication is there, I mean, communications, the Internet, the ability to stay in touch with people, that has clearly been a dramatic shift in this pandemic. And we look at our position in our communications markets and the phenomenal growth that we've had, and I mentioned the IT datacom market for us growing 70% during that time period. But also, mobile devices grew by nearly 25% over those same three years. And that's just a reflection of this kind of now demand for people to have a multitude of ways of communicating and connecting with each other. And that's something as we seek to sort of enable the electronics revolution, that's the phrase I always use, there's no doubt about it that we're living in revolutionary times. And that creates a real structural and long-term opportunity for Amphenol.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks very much, Wamsi. I am not going to get out in front of my skis on trying to give an estimate of what mobile device demand is going to look like this year. You know, well, I'm bad at guiding it even for the 70 or so days that we try to give guidance in a quarter let alone to make some estimate of what it's going to look like in the course of the year. It's hard for me to do that. What I do know is there's a lot of new devices, they're wonderful. I'm addicted to mine, and we have a strong position. And so I don't take a position otherwise on whether mobile devices is going to have a worse or better performance seasonally going through the rest of this year. I mean, we tried to give some guidance here in the first quarter. We'll see what happens there, and then we'll try to give some guidance on the second quarter 90 days from now. Relative to visibility in general, look, it's still a fairly uncertain world. And so I don't know that there's a dramatic improvement in visibility. I mean, we're not giving full-year guidance. We don't think it's prudent at this time, because there is still a lot of dynamism, a lot of uncertainty in the world today. And so we'll see. I mean, I certainly hope that as we passed the three-year mark on the anniversary, I think -- it's actually three years from day after tomorrow that Wuhan was shut down. I remembered it very, very well. And you hope that after three years, it renormalizes. There's a saying in Chinese that a pandemic doesn't last more than three years. It's a famous old saying that, I think, a very old saying in Chinese. And hopefully, that is really the case, and there can be a little bit more normalization. But I think there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world today.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you so much. And again, we'd like -- Craig and I would like to, on behalf of our entire team around the world, express our gratitude to each of you for the confidence you put in us. And we wish you all the best and look forward to speaking with you just a short 90-days from now. Thank you, everybody. Happy New Year again, and stay safe.
