Adam Norwitt: Yes. Well, thank you very much, Wamsi. First, on your question on pricing, I wouldn’t say that there is a new world order on pricing. I mean, this continues to be a very, very competitive market, a very competitive industry that’s natural in an environment where you see commodity prices relatively lower and you see overall economic growth being relatively muted. And that’s typically not an environment where you see a truly favorable pricing environment. So, no doubt about it, our teams continue to do battle with competition. At the same time, as we have always said, if we can create value for our customers through technology, through service, through quality, through appropriate reactivity to their requirements for delivery and otherwise, well then, our customers will always pay us a reasonable and a fair price. And I think that’s something that when we look across the company, our team is just doing an outstanding job of executing on all of those fronts. So, it doesn’t mean that there is some new pricing dynamic. I think what it means is that we are executing our way to those new higher levels of margins and we are really proud of those margins. I mean, ultimately, margins is just a very simple calculation, as I always say, of price minus cost and embedded in that is all those things that we talk about. Now ultimately, what is the natural profitability of the business? I mean, we know what the profitability of the business was here in the third quarter. We achieved 20.3% operating margin. Is the natural profitability higher or lower than that? I don’t know that that’s something we have ever talked about. We always do talk about the fact though that as the company grows, we seek to drive conversion margins at a level that will allow us to achieve margin expansion, and we have continued to have a focus on those 25% conversion margins. And when you couple that with the strong execution with our acquisitions and in particular, with FCI, you get ultimately the performance that we saw this quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much, Jim. Maybe I will let Craig address the cable margins and I will come back to the strategy question.
Adam Norwitt: Absolutely and just with respect to your question on strategy and specifically, our appetite for bigger acquisitions, if we just recall back and those like you Jim, who followed the company for a long time will know, our criteria for acquisitions has actually been very consistent for a long time. First and foremost, we think about the people and we look for people who are strong entrepreneurs, who have great management talent because we don’t have an organization necessarily that has lots of people sitting on the bench waiting to go run these acquisitions. So number one is the people. Number two is always the technology. We look for companies with really leading edge, valuable technology that can find – that can allow their customers to drive better products ultimately and then thereby allow us to make better returns. We also look for complementary market positions. And I think in the case of FCI, we had all three of those. What has never been our criteria for acquisitions and continues not to be is size. Now, I will say it’s no doubt about it, FCI was in fact the biggest acquisition that we have made in the history of the company and we are very pleased so far with the results of that. Does that drive in us a greater level of confidence about making bigger acquisitions I don’t know that it changes our level of confidence. We had already a pretty good confidence in the model. But I would say that it reconfirms that we believe that the acquisition strength of Amphenol, the program of Amphenol and the competency that we have is really a wonderful strength for the company and it’s a real pillar of the value that we create in addition to all the other things that we do to drive organic growth in the company. And so it certainly does not take away from the confidence. And if the right company came along at whatever size, we would be willing to look at that as long as it fit with those other criteria that we cling so importantly to.
Adam Norwitt: Thank you very much, Sherri. I mean look, I am not an expert on the overall macro environment. I will tell you that I don’t believe that the macro environment has largely changed this year. It remains relatively muted and uncertain, both geopolitically and economically. I think that if you look at just the various companies in the world that at least are public and the various markets that we serve, there is clearly not an overall trend of improvement. If you look at our company though in the third quarter and you pointed it out very astutely here, Sherri. If you would take the mobile devices, which is no doubt about it, a significant decline on a year-over-year basis, if you exclude that we grew by more than 7% organically in the quarter and that is really a testament to the diversification of the company. Now, you go back to last year, our mobile devices business was up 13% and other parts of the business were not growing at that rate. And I think what you see is the consistency of the performance in light of the diversification of the business. It’s true. This quarter, we had just fabulous performance from IT datacom, up 19% organically, 55% growth with the benefits of FCI and Custom Cable. And I think that that’s just a fabulous performance. But also let’s not forget that IT datacom has had a few tough years. We have done may be a bit better than the market. But if you look last year, we grew just 2% in IT datacom while may be the overall market was down. Our team, despite that 2%, continued to drive aggressively with customers to expand our position, to develop the new and appropriate products, to pivot towards where the growth opportunities and the potential growth opportunities could be. And we are able to realize the benefits of that here in the third quarter and we expect to be able to do so for the total year 2016. But is that a reflection of an improving IT datacom market or rather a reflection of our team really ferreting out where the growth is in an otherwise muted environment, I personally believe it’s more of the latter than the former.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. So on your first question, I don’t think there was a real meaningful pull forward. We did maybe just a hair better in the third quarter than we had anticipated. I think we have guided to a bit more than 10%. We ended up with 17%. It was plus or minus. But for the full year, we continue to see it as expected. So was there a slight pull forward, I mean really ever so slight. The strength that we saw in the third quarter was really predominantly from IT datacom and then followed by mobile networks and broadband. We continue to have a similar view of the mobile devices market this year. We have talked about that quite a bit over the last – in particular, at the last call and we continued to have our team poised in case there are opportunities that come about. And sometimes those opportunities do come about. But you never know. It’s an incredibly difficult market to forecast and an incredibly dynamic market, but we remain with a very, very strong position with customers across the board. Relative to your question on FCI just very simply, the revenue has been really at the expectations that we came into the year with. The improvement in the performance of FCI from an accretion perspective has really improved operating performance and the team has just done an outstanding job really beyond our expectations, maybe not beyond our best wishes but certainly, beyond our expectations coming into the year. And they continue to drive the company to a level of performance that I think none of them really thought would have seen in such a great fashion. And so we really commend them just on a fabulous, fabulous job.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I think – I don’t know, Amit, whether you are referring to full year or the quarter. I mean FCI has gotten pretty darn close right now in the course of these and now our third quarter. And so they are operating – they have gotten there faster than we would have expected to our corporate average. But I don’t know if you are referring the 15% to the full year. We – as I said, we now see $0.18 of accretion with FCI. That compares to the $0.15 that we saw before. And we are very pleased with where they are today. And I think from now, we have a really strong business and a platform to go forward with.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean the sustainability, I think all of the markets that we are in are very dynamic. And IT datacom is clearly one of those, so are there going to be ups and downs in that market over the coming years, I would bet that there would be ups and downs. But I think what’s clear in this quarter is that we have positioned ourselves with the acquisition of FCI as well as with our organic initiatives to broaden our product offering and to deepen the technology that we offer to customers. We have positioned ourselves as the clear leader in this space. There is no doubt about it. And so as we go to customers who are all struggling to deal with these increases in data rates, demanding customers, the new dynamics that come with the web scale players and cloud computing and everything that is entailed with that, we become really the first phone call. And I think that that’s a wonderful place to be in. So, regardless of the ups and downs that may come in overall IT spending, we want to be the leader and we want to be the first phone call and we want to be the partner for next generation designs and that’s what we have really become here. In terms of the web scale providers, I couldn’t quote for you a number which tells you how much it is as a percent of the total, but I will tell you it’s a really big part of why we are growing in such a fast pace. Is it all the growth? No, certainly not. There are also some really interesting companies that are growing around the world in that space, but it’s clearly growing at a much faster pace than our overall IT market and it’s starting to be a meaningful part of our business. And our team has just done an outstanding job to accommodate and to pivot towards these new web scale companies, which are not always the easiest companies to do business with.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I wouldn’t point to anything with 2017. This is a hard market to forecast in one quarter, and to start to talk about what 2017 would be for mobile devices, I would be pretty far out ahead of my skis on that one. What I do know is that we have a very broad position. We have continued to broaden that position this year despite being down and I think that we go into next year from a position of strength. So, what does that end up being? We will hopefully be able to tell you with some degree of certainty coming into January.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Look, I mean I am not the expert on why certain companies are doing better or worse. I know that why we did better in the quarter, in particular, as we saw really stronger growth in our business and support directly of service providers. And we have talked about for a number of years the changing nature of the mobile networks market, where our business used to be really an OEM focused business and really everything that we sold into the mobile networks market was really via those OEMs. And I think the dynamics in the market, the architecture of the system, the real makeup of the market has changed to a pretty big extent, whereby service providers are now directly interacting with companies like us, where we are providing a broader range of products, including everything from antennas to a broad range of interconnect products, and whereby we are not just rising and falling with the fate of necessarily the OEMs. We continue to have a very strong position with the OEMs and we continue to support them really very closely and as partners that they are, but we have as well transitioned to having that direct interface with certain operators around the world. When you work directly with the operators, it’s also not necessarily for the faint of heart, because this is a much more volatile business. I think that we have had to and our team has very successfully made that transition. We have really had to become more agile and more reactive because of the much quicker dynamics that come when you are putting crews out in the field and putting towers up on relatively moment’s notice. We saw particularly strength in mobile networks in Europe and in the service provider this last quarter. Is that going to continue? We had a similar picture, I guess, in the second quarter. What’s that going to be in the fourth quarter going forward? I would expect it would change, but how is it going to change, what’s the nature of that going to – change going to be? I think it’s a little too early to tell at this point.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. I think you are correct. IT is in part at least a CapEx-driven market. I guess, as it transitions more and more towards cloud and service provider, it becomes even more of a CapEx-driven market. I think there is no question that the demand on the network has never faltered whatsoever and that’s even over a few years of much more challenging market environments. But what has not changed is the end user demand, the data traffic, the video traffic going over IP networks, you name it. That is all expanding really, continuing at an accelerating pace. And so you do develop in certain points the pent-up demand. Pent-up demand is similar to what we have seen in years past in the mobile networks market, and I think we have even alluded to the fact that we believe in the IT market, there is some pent-up demand. But then the question comes and that’s the company-specific question. Have you positioned yourself or repositioned yourself to take advantage of where that pent-up demand is going to come from? And I think that had one remained with just traditional customers, that pent-up demand would not be satisfied through those same channels and you could find yourself really continuing to have a business that was in a more stable, almost languishing environment. And I think our team to their credit has truly pivoted, has truly pivoted towards where the demand and where the pent-up demand was building and where the real demand was coming and thereby, we see that as a relative strength of Amphenol in that market. I haven’t seen and I don’t think we have all seen yet all of the results that are coming in this area. There have been a few results that have been announced. And I think those are some ups and some downs. When all is said and done, maybe we will see that this is a more broad market environment. But is that going to be a 19% organic growth? That, I would be – I would guess we would not see on a broad basis.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks very much. No, I think the automotive business for us did really well this quarter. We are very pleased with the broad basis of that. As I mentioned, we grew 9% organically. We saw particular strength in Asia. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks and we have both made acquisitions and put a lot of focus in Asia on working with global and local companies in Asia in particular, in places like China to make sure that we are positioned in what is really the world’s now largest car market and I think we are seeing some of the fruits of those labors. That was a very strong performance for us there. And if you look at our overall business today, it is roughly almost even across the various regions. Europe is maybe a bit more and then Asia and North America are roughly the same size, but that’s a big change for the company. If we go back 7, 8 years, Europe would have been two-thirds of our business and then the rest would have been North America and just a smidgen in Asia. And today, you see a real balanced automotive business and I think that’s both a representation of the market opportunity having changed, but also of our organization having embraced that market opportunity. Specifically, what applications, what types of products? I can tell you that we have seen in our organic growth really across the board, across many applications. When we think about the automotive market, we don’t think of that in terms of a unit of car market. We think of that more in terms of a unit of systems in the car market. And so while you may have in the world 90 million, 92 million, 93 million cars being built, we think of that as some multiple of that in terms of how many electronic systems are being built in those cars and the total number of electronic systems, which ultimately leads to the opportunity for Amphenol, has been growing at a wonderful pace. And then it rests on us to say, what can we capture through technologies such that we can get even a little bit more than our fair share of that. And that’s the building blocks, ultimately of this 9% organic growth. And by the way, a continued positive outlook into next quarter, the fourth quarter, we still believe that there is a little bit of growth on a sequential basis, which is not always the case in the fourth quarter. So I think we have good momentum in our auto business sitting here where we are.
Adam Norwitt: Sure, Steve. I honestly wouldn’t be able to quote you what’s the tax incentive base and what’s the market base. We are still small in China and in Asia in general. The huge market, our position in overall automotive is still relatively small and our position in Asian automotive is relatively even smaller. And so I think we are able to grow and I think we have grown not necessarily because of certain tax incentives or otherwise, but I think we are expanding our position with customers. And in terms of what specific applications, we have done really well in hybrid electric vehicles, we have done really well in lighting applications, where we made a fabulous acquisition early last year and that company is doing really well, made really great progress in emissions related system, transmissions, you name it. There is a whole kind of list of a wide range of applications where we are participating and seeing still growth opportunities in Asia.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I mean it’s a bit of a tough question. We have seen a lot of volatility across the segments in the industrial market. And it’s a great credit to the diversification that we are still able to drive performance because when you look at something like oil and gas, which continues to be a negative for us, albeit at a much smaller level, is that going to turn around, I am not going to be the first one to predict the turnaround of oil and gas. I think we have had really strong momentum in battery applications and really heavy vehicles and we – I think we would expect that to have still some legs to it. We have done really well in places like in heavy equipment, which is maybe a little bit contrary to the broader market environment. We have seen great progress in areas in heavy equipment, things like diesel engines, things like the transition of mechanical and hydraulic to electronics. So I think those, we have done very well in. And we feel good about our medical business. Even if the medical business didn’t necessarily grow so substantially in the quarter, we have made just great progress in medical over the course of the year and we feel really good about that. I think the others, there is big segments here like factor automation, instrumentation. Our team has just done a fabulous job of positioning a broader set of products in those areas such that we can get more involved in things like robots and more involved in things like factory control systems. And I think that those have good opportunities for the future as well.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. I don’t know that I would point to any specifics, either by geography or type of customer. I think our team is really focused on taking orders off the street and that’s – there is an aggressiveness with the company, where we know that you can’t ship anything if you don’t have an order. And getting those orders requires you to develop the new products, to get the design in with customers. And ultimately then, that leads finally to the sales. I think we had a very strong book to bill, which is encouraging. Some of our business is on a very short book to bill cycle. You take like the mobile business, that’s not a – that’s a business where you book and ship really almost at the same time and we have other businesses like military, where you have a little bit longer cycle. And I think we had some – we had here good bookings. We had actually pretty good bookings in the IT datacom market, not surprisingly given our performance there. And I think that the trend from bookings to me, the fact that we had that strong book to bill is encouraging for the very long-term. And it’s encouraging for the fact that our customers are willing to commit to us on the new products and with the new technologies that we give them. But I wouldn’t – I don’t read a macro inflection point necessarily because of those bookings if that’s what your question is.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Look, we have across the company always had a focus on selling. In addition to components value add solutions. And that is not a new strategy for the company. This is actually a strategy that we have had as a bedrock of Amphenol for a long, long time. It’s really selling application specific, value add interconnect solutions to customers, where the underlying basis of that may very well be a very highly designed component, but where in fact, the value add solutions becomes the highly integrated and designed in component for the customer. When we acquired the sensor business of GE and that’s now almost 3 years ago, we talked a lot about the fact that we felt that long-term, that would create an opportunity for having integrated sensor and interconnect solutions for customers. And I can tell you that we have seen that and we have started to see that and we have started to see some positive momentum coming out of that. But it’s not a new thing for us to go to a customer in automotive or industrial or any of our markets and work with them to propose a comprehensive interconnect solution for their product. On one hand, the customers really want it because they are all under pressure to accelerate their design process, to do more with less, in many ways reducing their own R&D spending such that they don’t have to spec each of those little products. And in addition, it gives them a sense that they have ultimately, what I would call before that one throat to choke, where rather than patch working together something, a solution, they can come to a company like Amphenol and we can sell them really a complete interconnect solution. And they can feel the comfort that one company stands behind that whole solution from a quality perspective, from a cost reduction perspective, from a delivery perspective, all the things that matter to those customers that gives them essentially the single throat to choke. And I think that the customers like that. It makes their life a lot easier. It makes it easier for them to design the products and ultimately, it makes it easier for them to sleep well at night knowing that they are going to be able to ship their products on a timely basis with the right quality. So I think that it’s not a new strategy, but it continues to be a core part of our strategy in automotive and in our other markets.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. We are really pleased with the sensor market. I would tell you that organically, sensors are probably growing a bit better than our overall organic growth rate. And I think that’s a real good thing. We came into the sensor market never with the statement that it will be a faster growing space or more profitable space, but we think it’s always has the potential to be at least as good as the rest of Amphenol. And I would say that we were right about that sense. We see the sensor market as a truly diversified space. And so there are pockets in the sensors which are in some areas which aren’t doing as well and there are pockets in areas that are doing better and that’s a little bit of microcosm of all of Amphenol. You will remember, Brian, at the time we acquired the GE Advanced Sensors business. For us, one of the most compelling things for that company was its diversification, the fact that it operated in industrial and within industrial, it operated across a number of different sub-segments of the industrial market as well as operating in the automotive market. And we are really pleased that we have that diversified company, because it’s getting us also a picture of what the sensor demands are in those markets, so that we can then think about ourselves, our sensor strategy. And when we talk about the acquisition that we made the quarter, it’s a small acquisition, SGX, but there is no question that we saw in our activities in sensors, a real trend towards this requirement for air quality sensing applications both in automotive and in industrial applications. And so when we found the right company, we were very eager to bring them into the Amphenol family to round out and to strengthen our technology position in sensors. So, I think in a nutshell, we feel really good about it. I think it’s performing better than the average across the company and continues to have great potential for us long-term.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, China did okay. I think that the – in China and Asia in general, we don’t in our numbers necessarily split those out. As I mentioned earlier, mobile networks, we saw the strongest growth in Europe. And in fact, I will say that the vast majority of our growth in mobile networks organically came in Europe, especially in our service provider, direct to service provider business. And I would say in Asia, it was relatively flattish on a year-over-year basis and in addition on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Obviously, our total mobile networks market grew very strongly in the quarter, in particular with the contributions from FCI. We have a lot of strength in Asia that FCI has brought us and so we have just an outstanding position in Asia. And Asia is a really large part of our mobile networks market, but it was not necessarily the growth driver organically in the third quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Again, industrial is a really big market. I think Steve Fox said earlier, do I love all of my children equally, and I do, indeed. The industrial market for Amphenol, as I mentioned earlier with Steve’s question, it’s a really broad market. We have a lot of position in a lot of different sub-segments. I don’t know that we are always the best canary in the coal mine for whether that is a positive or a negative trend in the overall industrial market. What I know is that our team is pretty good at ferreting out these opportunities as they may come. You don’t think of an industrial team as being agile. It’s almost by definition the opposite. You think of industrial as being the sort of staid, stable kind of an organization, slow lifecycles, long design cycles, all of that. But I will tell you, our industrial team is a pretty dynamic group of people. And so when they see things like oil and gas being done for now and it’s running on the end of its second year a really tough performance, they don’t just sit back and take their medicine. They go out and they look for new opportunities to find growth wherever they maybe. And I think the overall industrial market if you think about just the biggest trend that is existing in broad industrial, it is this electronification of systems that previously would have been hydraulic and/or mechanic or nonexistent in their functionality. And I think that we see that really across all of the segments that we are in and that is a question of just making sure that you have the right solutions, whether that be a discrete connector, a discrete sensor, an antenna, an integrated interconnect solution, an integrated sensor and connector solution, whatever it maybe, you have to really make sure that you are tailoring your approach to that customer and you really knowing the customer, knowing the market. It’s a very marketing intensive business actually the industrial space, because there is just so many potential customers across these dozens and dozens of sub-segments and staying on top of that and pivoting towards where the right segments are, that’s really important. I know there are big industrial kind of giants in the industry and they may have certain trends at one time or another, but I don’t believe that we are necessarily a proxy for those trends.
Adam Norwitt: That’s great. Well, listen, we really appreciate everybody’s time this afternoon and we wish you all a pleasant conclusion here to 2016 and I can’t believe to say it, but we will see you all in 2017. Thanks very much for all your time today. Thank you.
