Adam Norwitt: Look, I am not going to be the one to guess, which way political winds are blowing. I would be surprised if we’re the number one story of today, though. Currently, there is lots of other announcements to come out. With respect to military aerospace, I have been talking as you know very well Wamsi for quite some time about a trend that we have been seeing in the military market; and I think in the geopolitical environment, overall, which is that we believe that there is a transition from a more technical military stance to a more strategic military stance. Whereby the spending priorities of the U.S., which have been much more towards dealing with unseen enemies and unseen priorities which is very technical responsive thing, I have seen to migrate more and more towards a more strategic imperative. And as we said all along, as this more strategic imperative takes over in the military market, whether that’d be with new enemies or resurgent enemies that our country or our allies may have that that ultimately, we believe, leads to more investments and technology. And at the end of the day, the technological developments in the military are some of the things that can truly have an impact on the strategic priorities. And we just remain very, very well positioned for that. We are -- we continue to be the leader in military interconnect product. We continue to be a true partner for our customers as they seek to develop new enabling technologies. And I think the results that we saw this quarter and frankly even last year, despite having had the DLA issue a year ago, we remain having last year’s strong organic growth in the military market and we expect the same this year. What the long-term opportunity will be, that’s very hard for me to predict here now. But what I can tell you is, regardless of what it will be, Amphenol will be there is support of the technological requirements of militaries around the world. As it relates to industrial market and whether there is a restocking that is occurring there, I wouldn’t tell you that we have necessarily seen tangible evidence of restocking per se. I think we’re pleased with the performance in our distribution channel. But as you know, distribution represents for us somewhat less than 15% of our overall sales. So we may not be necessarily the best bellwether to determine whether or not there is in fact such a restocking. The industrial market for us performed very well in the quarter. And I think I called out in my remarks that some of those areas have strength that we saw, in particular, areas like factory automation, have equipment, instrumentation; we saw also strength in places like medical, even in the area like the marine market. And one thing I would point out in industrial, even if we had for a couple of years a down turn in oil and gas, which has put significant pressure on overall industrial sales; we were very pleased this quarter for the first quarter in many to see a sequential increase in our oil and gas sales. And I don’t know that that’s a restocking at a distribution level, but at least it’s a sign that may be one can smell a bottom there.
Adam Norwitt: I'm not going to comment in specific programs or product launches. I’ll tell you that we work in a broad array of different products in the mobile devices market. And as we look into the second quarter, I think we see also a broad array of different products which -- where we start to see the launch cycles happening. In terms of flagship products, again I'm not going to comment specifically on that, but we have good position across customers in the mobile devices market. At the same time, we've embedded into the guidance that we see and we continue to see this year to be a flat year in mobile devices. All what we know about the product launches that we’re involved in at this stage, it’s a very volatile market. I just would reemphasize that that predicting ultimately what products gets released at what times and what consume and which product sale to which consumer at which volume. This remains a task that is far beyond our expertise. And what we continue to do with that business in the way that we continue to manage that business is to be ready regardless. And the readiness that our team exhibit is both on the downside and the up side, and I think we've seen that this quarter the ability to flex the organization to not sacrifice the work that we're doing with customers to design in our products, regardless of the fact that we saw significant sequential and a year-over-year reduction in our sales. And all along the way, clearly, to preserve operating performance, else we wouldn’t be having the overall margins that we have in the Company. And similarly, should there be an opportunity for upside, if it comes in a typically very unpredictable fashion, I can tell you that our team will be ready to capitalize on that to the full extent at the level of the opportunity.
Adam Norwitt: We’re very pleased with the performance over the course of the last two quarters in the IT datacom market. I mean in fact if you look at what we did last year, we grew 11% organically for the year. You’re correct we grew I think it was close to 29% organically in the fourth quarter, and we just grew 21% organically in this quarter. Are we going to keep growing at that rate, well I don’t think I’ve necessarily guided to that level. I think I mentioned that we expect for the IT datacom market to grow this year in the mid to high single digits, which is actually a little bit higher than we had expected coming into the year. We remained very attentive and ready to capitalize on whatever opportunities will come our way. Ultimately, our outperformance has come really from two aspects. One is just a breadth of high technology leading edge products and that was enhanced so much through the FCI acquisition; a breadth of products that become really a one stop shop for customers when they need their equipment to perform better. And I think that that technology that we offer in the IT datacom market is really second to none; when you think about the range of products in high speed, the power products and the whole array of things that are used in IT datacom, also they go into servers and store system to networking appliances and data centers and all the equipment associated with ultimately powering the internet, is where our products are ending up. So I think that’s very important aspect. And I think the second has been just the ability of our team in working the IT datacom market to quickly pivot to where the opportunities are. And this is not a new concept that I have spoken about it many times. So when we see these results, I think that really is a great testament to our people following the opportunity. And not just resting on your one field going to the same customer that you’ve been going for decades and decades, but rather quickly steering and pivoting toward those customers where the real opportunity is. And that is not an easy task. It is something that we demand of our people and that our people demand of themselves. But it's certainly not easy going to change what you have been doing and to say; I am going to start knocking on the door of someone new; I am going to understand the whole new market; I am going to understand the whole new way of doing business with those customers, which is entirely different from maybe what you are doing in the past. And I just give a lot of credit to our for the flexibility and agility. Words that I used frequently, proud of Amphenol, Amphenolean, really reacting to where that opportunity is. And then taking advantage of that very first thing I mentioned, which is the breath of the technologies. And ultimately, if you can get the right product, the people who want to get it at the right time, it's not a bad way to win in business.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I think we’re actually very proud certainly of our operating performance in the first quarter at 20.1%, 40 basis points reduction on the 6% decrease in sales, is something that we’re certainly proud of. But I wouldn’t say it’s out of the normal range of our conversion on down decline in sales, we think further around 27% on a decline. We’ve talked about over the long-term that 25% conversion margin is our targeted conversion margin from an organic perspective. And I think if you look sequentially in our guidance what you find it that we’re guiding to a little bit higher than that, but not so dramatically higher than that. But I will tell you that there is any change in terms of our long-term strategy that 25% conversion margin, it does vary from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter. But I think that is still something that we target long-term. And more recently, we’ve done a good job I think of executing operationally to do just a little bit better than that; so certainly, we’re very proud of that. And I would say that there would be higher ROF in the second half just due to those increased sales levels that would essentially convert as that higher conversion margin.
Adam Norwitt: So the first – so when we gave guidance in January, I think the biggest two currencies that changed, euro change a bit. But not dramatically since we gave guidance in January, and actually the renminbi came down a bit. So I would tell you that from a full year perspective versus our prior guidance, there really wasn’t so much of a benefit. There was a slight benefit but we’re talking negligible amount at this. So I wouldn’t necessarily -- we didn’t call out and I wouldn’t call out as anything of significance for the year. I’m not sure what other people guided to in terms of what rates they were using. But for us that’s what I would talk about.
Adam Norwitt: Look, the other market has brought a really great driver over a number of years and that’s no different here in the first quarter. We’re just really pleased to see this double-digit organic growth, the continuation of the trend that we’ve seen for number of years. I think your math is right that if we’re going 11% organically and then I guide to mid to high single digit that would arithmetically imply that there is some slightly lower growth in the second half. And as usual, we're guiding really to what we see today. We don’t -- may be a little bit differently than other companies; we don’t necessarily look at overall vehicle unit volumes and extrapolate from that in our own business. We think about the opportunities that we're pursuing with our customers and what our customers are telling us about those opportunities. And often times that really is, not tide to vehicle volumes, but more by the implantation of new systems and cars. And I can just tell you that as Craig and I travel around the world and we visit with our operations, working in automotive markets as I visit customers who are participating in that market. Just the unbelievable array of new functionalities that are being adopted into cars and that’s a lot of people talk about electric cars or hybrid cars, diesel, there is always parsing of different categories of cars. But I think about it a little bit differently, just all cars are getting more electronics no matter what. And that’s just seeming one way ratchet upwards. And so the job of our teams that’s working in the automotive market is to make sure that they can harness our technological capabilities, which have broaden very significantly over the recent really half decade. And ensure that we are participating and gaining more than our fair share of those new electronic systems that are being put into cars. That’s easy for me to say, there is a lot of hard work behind that from our people really in the field, designing the products and executing on those new systems. But there is just no doubt about it that the number of systems being put into cars is expanding regardless of the category of the car and regardless of the overall unit volumes in the car. I think we did talk last year at the end of the year about some strength that we had seen in particular at year end in Asia and I think we weren’t the only company to talk about that. We’re very pleased actually this quarter that our growth was quite balanced. I think we saw little bit stronger performance in Europe, but I would say just a little bit strong in the other two regions we’re also growing in a very robust fashion. And I think as we look out over the course of the year, we would expect to see may be that same balance and that does compare to end of last year where it was little more levered towards Asia growth towards the end of the year. And again is that because of subsidies or because of whatever, I can’t tell you that we’re close enough to the various government policies to know whether those subsidies are going to continue or not continue. But at the end of day, it is about us gaining more position on a broader array of electronic systems that are being implemented on a broader array of cars. It is just amazing, I mean I went car shopping not so long ago and I feel like I need to take my teenage son with me to car shop, because he knows how to work the computers now better than I do. I guess it’s a sign of me getting old. So that is what it is but these cars are just unbelievable data centers on wheels now where that didn’t used to be the case. And I think that’s a great opportunity for Amphenol and it’s a great opportunity for our industry and one that we fully expect to take full advantage of, going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Jim thanks for the question. And to clarify, it is a one-time step up that stays consistent, going forward. And with respect to the organic growth question Jim, I think we talked a lot about this at our last quarter's call that we see what we see at the beginning of the year, we work in a very volatile -- we are working in a market that has its level of volatility to it in particular in certain of our markets. And we believe that given the rate of markets that we’re in that this is a very prudent but also a very strong guidance. Now, again, doing the same arithmetic that you’re doing if we grow 5% organically in the first quarter, that would imply that there must be another that’s below that 1% to 3% level; and I think again, the arithmetic is correct there, but no doubt about it. It doesn’t change our view of the year that we continue to see this as a year where we can grow organically at 1% to 3%. But where our team will remain singularly fixated on capitalizing on any opportunities that there may be to do better than that and I think we did better than that here in the first quarter and we’re very pleased that we started the year strong, we came into the quarter with an expectation not to get to that 5% organic growth and we did it and we’re going to keep fighting our way to do that as much as we can.
Adam Norwitt: I think with your first question on infrastructure, I think in the quarter, in the first quarter, Europe performed a bit better than Asia and North America. And I think that we would expect in our guidance for that to be the case, and I think we’ve seen a little bit probably more North America in terms of some of the expectations pulling back. Again, these are not huge numbers. As I said, I think, we came into last quarter, thinking it's going to be flat now we think it's may be low single digit, low to mid single digit down. So that’s not an enormous change in our outlook, but it' a little change and we want to share that with everybody. We’re going to stay very mindful. It's a market where the predictions are not as easy to make in wireless infrastructure because the capital spending sometimes happens without necessarily so much warning to supplier and to everybody. And so we’re just going to continue doing what we’ve always done in that market. And that to make sure that we’re positioning ourselves with our broad range of interconnect and antenna products, across OEMs and operators, across every reason where we can participate. And in our experience the better job we do of doing that the more able we are to capitalize on the spending when it does come. And I think we have a very strong position here. We had a great year last year in mobile networks, a year where we didn’t necessarily anticipated coming in and where ultimately we grew 9% organically and 24% last year with the impact of the acquisitions, in particular FCI. And so as we approach that market right now, we’re going to stay very mindful of any opportunities that will come our way. And we’ve got a great set of people and a great set of products to pursue in that area. As it relates to mobile devices, we don’t adopt a strategy really in any of our business from quote on quote walking away from business, that’s not been our approach. But as you know, our consistent approach in mobile devices is to participate where we have value for our customers. And so that comes just naturally where when customers decide that there is not a value embedded in the product that you sell then we may not participate because we won't be able to make the returns that we would otherwise make from the new round of things. So we’re never walking away from existing platforms; we’re never discontinuing products or discontinuing customer relationships; again, that’s just not the way that we approach this high speed and high volatility market that there is. As we think about the guidance that we have here, I think I mentioned we saw in the first quarter in particular weaker performance in tablets that’s not a new phenomenon, it's something that we’ve been talking about for the better part of the last three four quarters. And we would expect that to continue; there just seems to be material and systematic consumer shift away from tablet and towards other devices, either handsets or smaller laptops. And the prospects of tablets to me at least it seem to as terrific as they once were. And for us it is what is; we’re going to continue to design in our products; we’re going to continue to work with customers across every aspect of that. And I think the success that we’ve had in an area like wearables where we actually did grow in wearables quite significantly on a year-over-year basis, which was certainly nowhere near enough to offset the downturn in tablets and some that we saw in handsets. But it's just a great recognition of the fact that our team is quickly tacking towards where there is opportunity and where there is value that can be embedded in those products. And that’s how we’re going to continue to approach the market; we’re not walking away from anything; we’re not changing our strategy; we’ve a very consistent approach and it's an approach that served us very well through second thin and we’ve had years where we’ve been flat; we’ve had years where we’ve been up and we’ve had years where we’ve been down. And I think that’s second nature to the type of market that you’re dealing with in mobile devices. And so we’re still very committed to market; we’re very committed to investing in the products in the market and with the customers in that market; and we’ll be a partner for our customers in everywhere where our technology can make a difference in their products.
Adam Norwitt: I would tell you that there is nothing specific that we recall out, it certainly is the market mix; we’re converting into the second half on higher volumes, not so much differently than we did on an organic sales last year; and I think we’ve just been operating executing well from an operational perspective over the last year or so; may be better in certain areas. But I would tell you that there is a whole bunch of different factors that go into be able to convert at these levels and for talking 25% versus 30%; we’re not talking significant changes in his conversion. So I would tell you that longer term, as I mentioned to Sherri, I wouldn’t think about this as a permanent chain that we’re going to continue to convert at these really high -- 30% or so margins going forward on higher sales. But certainly, there is some quarters where we will convert at these high levels. And I’m sure depending on the environment that we’re in, whether or not commodity environments have an impact or different pricing environments have an impact or what not, there could be certain periods where we convert lower than that 25%. But I think the team has done a great job of balancing the factors in the environment that they’re in at the moment and has been able to convert at a little bit higher level than really our long-term goal and certainly we’re very proud of that accomplishment.
Adam Norwitt: Well, I mean we’ve heard and probably read the same thing that you have read. I can tell you that we haven’t seeing shortages in our industry per se. And I haven’t seen any at least tangible indication of shortages driving our customers to not procure as much of our product as they otherwise would have intended. But we have certainly heard about some stretching lead times, I think where I’ve heard it most acutely, has been in areas like memory and NAND and DRAMs and things like that. And we’re of course mindful of that. I know we have a lot of customers and I can sometimes tell by where our procurement trends are spending their time as to what is running short at a given time. And so it’s on the basis of where I’ve seen some people spending their time, I guess that would indicate that some of those rumors or things like memory shortages and otherwise may in fact be true. But I have yet to see again in instance where these shortages are doing anything in terms of limiting demand by our customers. Certainly, have heard a lot about pricing and there is a lot of discussion in the industry around pricing of certain semiconductors and the frustration that many of the OEMs are having around those price -- the price increases that they’re seeing. But this has not translated, as far as we can see, into any changes in the demand for our products in terms of their complementary position on various systems of our customers.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Look, we’re really proud of our antenna business overall. We started out as antenna manufacture in mobile devices and phones, and its early to say, and we’re coming flow, I guess nearly being two decades as an antenna suppliers. So it’s hard to call it a new business for us anymore. But over the years, our teams who work in antennas whether that was in the device side or on the infrastructure side where we’ve also been present for nearly a decade and half. Our team has done the classic Amphenol saying and that is looked to diversify the business. From where you start out you take that technology and you try to diversify it. And I think industrial automotive and other areas have been just a real great opportunity to start to build some businesses around antennas. So in industrial, we're working in areas like police and safety; we're working in ship borne applications; we're very active in things like what's called I guess broadly the industrial Internet of Things; and what is a little bit of well worn cliché. But ultimately it talks about the increasing the connectivity or the connected capabilities of industrial equipments overall. And in order to increase that connected capability one typically has to have an antenna, one typically has to have some interconnect products, and one typically has to have some sensors. And I think our present as a designer and a manufacturer and a provider of all three of those very complimentary products, which we all consider ultimately interconnect, is really putting us in a very strong position for that whole IoT or IIoT revolution that is there. So we're going to continue to invest heavily in our antenna business. So I mentioned as well that we’re starting to see some better progress in automotive antenna as automotive antennas get more complicated and as they require more knowledge to support things like autonomous driving and 5G technology. These are all areas where we see a greater opportunity for that entire radio frequency interconnect system that includes connectors, cable, assembly cable, antennas and all that goes in amidst that whole system. And it’s something we're going to continue to drive as a real leader in this industry.
Adam Norwitt: And relative to our footprint, Steve, I would just say we're always looking at expanding or changing or moving or doing something with our footprint. You know very well as you follow the Company for so many years that we take an approach in our manufacturing footprint of really preserving as much as we can flexibility in that footprint; by trying as best as we can to have leases of the building; by not having huge centralized facilities; and thereby having the ability to be able to move factories when we need to move then for whatever reason possible. And over the years, we've moved production for lots of reasons; to reduce cost; to accommodate customer needs; to deal with changes in regulations; to deal with changes in the cost of freight; to deal with currency, you name it. There is a whole range of things that can come out to you as a manufacturing company and the better that we can preserve the manufacturing flexibility within Amphenol, the more rapidly we can adapt and actually take advantage of changes when they come our way. And so are we looking to expand our footprint, I think in the last quarter we have certainly opened a few new facilities, and we’ve probably moved one or two at the same time. We have a lot of facilities around the world that you can see it in our 10-K I think we’re somewhere around north of 200 facilities worldwide. And there is always some movement going somewhere in preparation or anticipation or in reaction to some change that’s coming in our marketplace.
Adam Norwitt: I think we’ve just been pleasantly, surprised is maybe the wrong word, but let's just say we’ve been very satisfied and very pleased with the performance of FCI on a very, very broad basis. And I could keep you all in the phone here for a quite a well talking about the various aspects of why that is. But just starting from the top to financial performance has been outstanding. We talked at the end of last year at our last earnings call how ultimately we were able to realize an accretion of $0.19 a share and we came into the year thinking it was going to be $0.12. So that alone, from a financial performance, was outstanding. They increased the margins, and I say they meaning the FCI team, who really has done the work here. They increased the margins of the business quite significantly, bringing them really into the level of where Amphenol operations like to perform. We saw just a great embrace of the Amphenol culture by the people and just so proud to have all the people from FCI who just on day one they flipped the switch and they said we want to be part of this Amphenol. And that has worked out extremely well for us and for them in addition. I think the response of customers and ultimately the presence that we’ve gained with customers and has probably surpassed my early expectations. You frequently come into an acquisition like this with some dreams and aspirations in terms of well we can expand our presence with customers and this or that area, and that will take some time and it usually doesn’t happen overnight. I think here our commitment to the markets where FCI participates; markets like the IT datacom markets; markets like the embedded computing market in industrial; markets like the mobile networks market. Us making that very significant commitment to being a leader, a broad leader, for customers in those markets has been received very well and rewarded very well. And we had the question earlier with respect to the organic growth in the IT datacom market that I’m asked earlier in the call and I would tell that I think a part of our organic strength has in fact been related to the presence of FCI and the broad reception that we’ve gotten from customers in there. And I think the last thing I would point to is as the distribution channel. We talked about that early on when we made the acquisition of FCI and the response from our distributors has just been outstanding. And I think that we now sit in a stronger position viz-a-viz our distributors and we did prior to acquiring FCI. And I gave the FCI team again a lot of credit for knowing how to work with distributors, maybe even a little bit of a different way than we had in the past and that has really helped our Company overall. So I added all up and we’re just very pleased with the acquisition, and I don’t even refer to it any longer as an acquisition as far as I am concerned, FCI it feels like they’ve been part of our Company for decades.
Adam Norwitt: I think we have exposure to a lot of different networks, and I think that would include the one that you mentioned here, which I think is referred to as FirstNet and in the marketplace. What the magnitude of that is going to be, what the magnitude of that for us is going to be, I think it's too early to tell. But we’re always encouraged whenever we see a new overlay network thing that has traditionally been a very good thing for us. I think our team really jumps on those opportunities well in advance even if their announcement to make sure that we’re present with customers really around the world who are doing these things with their networks. And with something like FirstNet again I think it's still a little early to tell what that ultimately was going to work out to be. But you can imagine whenever you have a new overlay networks like that, there is not just a network thing built but there is devices, there is sub-systems, there is a whole eco system that gets built around something like that. And I think ultimately when you have new electronic ecosystems being built out, that’s a good thing for our Company.
Adam Norwitt: I think on region, I don’t think there is anything really interesting to report on the regional aspects over datacom business. It's very hard to say because a lot of datacom equipment is all built in Asia. And so we don’t ultimately know where that equipment ends up. And so a regional review of this is actually not the most interesting or germane to talk about in the business. In terms of inventory and IT datacom, we haven’t seen any significant signs of inventory builds, I don’t think we’ve seen across all of our markets any abnormalities, let me say with inventory across datacom or really any of our markets.
Adam Norwitt: Well, it appears that maybe Brian is not with us here. I think that is the last question and we very much appreciate everybody's time here and your attention in Amphenol. And we look forward to speaking with you all here in another 90 days or so. Thanks very much and best wishes to you all for a successful spring. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Craig Lampo: I think with regards the Company's capital deployment this really hasn’t changed over the years. And we continue to have a consistent and flexible and balanced approach to this where we have about long term about half of our capital will be deployed to share -- return it to shareholders regarding the dividends in our share repurchase program that we announced earlier this year as a continuation of that. We did repurchased 3.7 million shares in the quarter. Certainly, that varies from quarter-to-quarter depending on cash needs and what not. But we feel certainly very good about that and very good about that deployment. In terms of our leverage ratio, I would tell that we’re very happy. We have been in that 0.5 to 1.5, roughly 1, 1.3; I think we ended the quarter in this period. The Company continues to generate a significant amount of cash. And I think what I would tell is that if I were to look upon what we would be willing to go to from a M&A seem to come about that we want to do, I would say maybe 2 to 2.5 range would be something we would be comfortable with; with certainly the thought in mind that we have a very prudent approach to that and we certainly value our investment grade ratings, so we wouldn’t do anything to be end of that. But I think 2.5 would be something that I would be -- we would be comfortable with. So I think that we’re very comfortable with the cap that Company continues to generate a significant amount of cash flow. And certainly, we continue to do that in the first quarter of this year.
Craig Lampo: So with regard to the tax rate I would tell you that there is obviously a lot of things that impact tax rate over the course of time. And as Adam referenced before, we’re sitting here in a day that we were I think some tax reform things may be coming out and certainly who knows what's going to happen with the tax rate for all companies going forward. But I would tell you that the primary impact certainly in this quarter and in our outlook for the full year is the impact that its adoption in terms of putting into our guidance some impact of that. So in regards to the share count, I would tell you that the increase of $2 million shares that I referenced is something that's kind of a permanent increase that happened in the quarter. It really relates to how the amount of shares that you could buy back as it relates to the options exercised in this, all the treasury stock methods effect as calculated and what it does essentially, is increased the share count as relate to that. So for us is how the impact of increasing it by 2 million shares, which you can effectively model and for -- going forward from a comparability perspective.
Craig Lampo: From a capital spending prospective, it really hasn’t changed. I think our range is 2% to 4% and we've done within that range over the longer term. I think last year may around 3% plus or minus a couple 10 basis points or so. So I think the 2% to 4% range is the way I would think about our capital spending, which again is consistent with historic spending.
