Adam Norwitt: Sure. Well, thank you very much, Amit. Look, I think you listed a few factors, and I think there is a little bit of each of them in the third quarter with maybe the exception that I can't tell you that we saw any inventory build of significance so that we had at least visibility to in the quarter. But no question, in several of our markets, demand was much stronger than we had anticipated. I think we outperformed maybe some of our peers in certain of those areas where we were able to capitalize on the demand in a faster fashion. So you take the example of mobile devices where we came into the quarter expecting a relatively modest sequential growth, and mobile devices is always the market that's very hard to anticipate, but our team drove 37% sequential growth in mobile devices and that came both from volume demands from our customers, but also from the fact that there were instances where our customers couldn't get everything they needed from other folks, and they could get it from us. And I think that's something that we've demonstrated in many years in the past. Our teams have the outstanding agility in reacting to unexpected levels of demand. We clearly did not anticipate coming into the quarter that we would have such significant sequential growth in automotive, and in fact, we have grown on a year-over-year basis in automotive after that just very, very challenging second quarter that we all saw was a real testament again to the agility of our team to satisfy what was unexpected levels of demand. But look - as you look at our guide for the fourth quarter, and I know you, as you mentioned Amit, why does that - what is going on with that guide, we do this as we always have done. We talk to our customers and this is a bottoms-up approach to how we forecast. There are certain markets where there were real surges in demand earlier in the year. IT datacom another example of that, where we've guided IT datacom to be down in kind of the mid-teens in the fourth quarter, it was down a lot less than we anticipated here in the third quarter. There was the real surge in demand for data bandwidth - for bandwidth upgrades and support of data traffic to support all of the work from home and study from home requirements around the world related to the pandemic. And that's normally not a market that would be down by so much in the fourth quarter, but it's also normally not a market that would have grown so much in the second and third quarters. So we've done our best here amidst this environment to take everything that our customers say. We add that up to the outlook that we've given you. And knowing full well that there - we are not out of the woods relative to the pandemic, there is still a pandemic going on. It is in fact worsening in certain areas. And I think our customers are sensitive to that, and our team is prepared if there is some further surprise, further operational challenges that will come, but we think this is actually a very, very strong outlook relative to the extraordinary strength that we saw here in the third quarter.
Adam Norwitt: Well, thanks so much, Luke. Look, I think that that shift towards new drivetrains, towards autonomous, other new technologies that are going into the car, I mean, we have continued to see that for many years. I wouldn't necessarily say that we've seen an acute change in the trajectory of that evolution here in 2020 due to COVID. I think what we saw in the third quarter was customers really scrambling to get back into their production levels, and customers probably buying more cars than people anticipated. There seems to have developed some degree of pent-up demand for automotive production. I have heard anecdotes about inventory levels being low, that it's difficult to get a pick-up truck in Michigan and things like this. And I'm sure, Luke, you know you're closer to this market than we are, and you know very well, some of those dynamics. But there's no question that there is real demand from customers and they continue to drive new programs that have been in the pipeline. But is the pandemic itself responsible for a kind of distinct shift, I wouldn't say that is. Now, I would also just add that our team around the world has done a fabulous job in positioning ourselves in these new platforms, while we haven't forsaken the traditional drivetrains, the internal combustion engines, and otherwise, we continue to support our customers who are manufacturing these would still represent the vast majority of vehicles that are being produced around the world. But our team has done such a great job on developing new products, expanding our relationship with customers really in all geographies such that to the extent there is an acceleration of that shift, I think, Amphenol is well positioned to benefit from it.
Adam Norwitt: Great. Thanks, Mark. Thanks for the question. No - I mean, no doubt, we are really proud of our ability to achieve these strong operating margins of 20.5% here in the third quarter and 250 basis point improvement over Q2 or 18% and certainly 80 basis points even over the last year when COVID really wasn't a thing. So we're certainly very proud of that. I mean, as I did mention in my prepared remarks, we did have strong conversion on our higher kind of sales levels that certainly had a benefit from a profitability perspective, but it also reflected sequentially our expected reduction in COVID related costs in the quarter. I mean, we certainly still are experiencing some turbulence in the business related to COVID and the cost that that creates, but certainly it is at a much lower level than it was in the first and second quarter. But there is no doubt, there still is some costs that we are experiencing. The team is doing an outstanding job of navigating that and minimizing that to the extent possible, but there are certainly also puts and takes within the P&L. And as an example, there is other costs such as T&E, as an example, that does have some offsetting impact at this lower level of COVID cost. So what I would say is, from a net impact in the third quarter, really that COVID related and kind of these puts and takes, some talking about really didn't have a meaningful impact kind of in the third quarter on our margin. So you mentioned acquisitions - any acquisition impact, I would say that, although we continue to spend time on that, this year, certainly due to the pandemic, we haven't been able to make certainly the progress that we would hope to have made in this year related to some of the acquisitions we acquired in '19. So I wouldn't say that really has had so much of impact in the third quarter either. If you kind of look at year-over-year, it's really more of that leverage on the sales increase. And going forward, I think that I would expect kind of our normal conversion on the upside and downside, you know that 25%, 30% on the downside, which I think I would expect. And that assumes certainly that we don't have this resurgence, you know that of significance in the pandemic. We - always certainly if we do have additional costs, we're going to work hard to continue to mitigate those, but I'm certainly real proud of what the team has done so far to do that and we'll keep an eye on that in the future. But again, real outstanding performance here in the quarter. The team has done a fantastic job of navigating all these things that are happening in the world.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks Wamsi. Yes, I would say that, all that differential really is the COVID related costs that we incurred in the first half. And if you kind of look at the first half year-over-year from an EPS versus - perspective and kind of conversion on those sales differentials that really is all the COVID related cost, you know we talked about that in the last couple of quarters. So, yes, as we go into 2021, we're not giving guidance here, but certainly we would expect at least at this point based on the - guidance for Q4 that those costs would not be in there. But again, we talked about a minute ago about these potential resurgences throughout the world, so will give our guidance in January and certainly we'll talk about what we expect there. But it is all COVID related and we're really happy to be kind of at those pre-COVID profitability levels here in the third quarter, and again, proud of what the team has done thus far.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks. Thanks so much, Samik. Look, I don't know that anybody is handicapping in their production plan. What a second wave will be, what the magnitude of a second wave can be, and more importantly, what are the consumer reaction to that and what are the governmental reactions to whatever second wave will be. We certainly are not trying to guess across all of those variables what that can be. But as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we're very sensitive to the fact that there may be further disruptions. And thus, it's not about preparing yourself by saying, well, I'm going to add inventory, subtract inventory or otherwise, it's making sure that your entire organization is on their toes. It is remaining nimble, agile, reactive and prepared physically, psychologically for whatever may come our way. And I think that's where the Amphenol team has really excelled this year. It's not that we guessed which way the trajectory of the pandemic was going to come and thus we were able to achieve these results. It's that we were ready regardless of how it came. And I think the third quarter is just a wonderful indication of that. We didn't come into the quarter anticipating, for example, that mobile devices would grow 37% sequentially or anticipating that automotive would grow 78% sequentially or that our military business would be up 30%. But we were ready in case it were to happen, because our team was able to flex. So what do our customers - how our customers integrating a second wave into their expectations, I actually don't know. Maybe some are, maybe some are not, but how we approach this is we take what our customers tell us, and then we're ready regardless. Are we going to be right at the numbers that we have guided here? Hard to say. That's the best that we can tell right now, but this - if this year has taught us anything, it's to expect the unexpected and to be ready regardless of what comes our way. And I think that's what the Amphenol team, where we sit today here in the third week of October, we're ready for whatever comes along. We continue to prioritize the health of our people. That's been number one by the way throughout this - that's what's enabled us to support our customers, that's what's allowed us to then drive the strong results. And we're going to continue to do that. And if more demand comes, we will satisfy, and if less demand comes, we will react to that as well.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean, look, I think what I've always said and I said that last quarter, and I think I probably said it again here this quarter is, this is a hard market to forecast and to the extent that demand is higher than we anticipate, we're very much - our team is very much poised to capitalize upon that, and that's exactly what we did here in the third quarter. And while it's true that on a year-over-year basis, our growth came not from necessarily smartphones, but rather from things like laptops and tablets and wearables and otherwise. In the fourth quarter, it may very well be a different situation. We'll see as it comes. We did grow sequentially across all of those products, including strong double-digit sequential growth in our sales of products that go into smartphones. And so, our team is for sure capitalizing on whatever incremental demand there may be in smartphones. And when we talk about the incremental performance that we had in this quarter, again, growing 37% sequentially instead of just a modest growth, some of that upside was in fact coming also from smartphones even if that didn't represent growth on a year-over-year basis.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thanks, Jim. Look, one thing I would just say about the book-to-bill, I mean 0.98 to 1 is pretty close to 1. On a year-to-date basis, if you include our very strong book-to-bill that we had in the first quarter, our book-to-bill year-to-date is 1.04 to 1, which is very, very strong compared to maybe other years. But look, does that - what does that mean for the fourth quarter, I think, we've already talked about what the - how we've gone - coming up with our fourth quarter guidance. I think these are strong bookings. They far exceeded what we thought coming into the quarter. And the fact that the book-to-bill is little bit below one is I think just a reflection that some customers placed upon us much stronger orders early in the year and there are some markets where the lead times are a little bit longer, places like military, for example, where we have very substantial order books that were shipping out of, but I wouldn't read anything abnormal into that. I think last year in the third quarter, our book-to-bill was kind of 1 to 1. So considering that this is a year where very little is normal, actually I'd say, a 0.98 to 1 book-to-bill is pretty normal compared to last year when all is said and done. And again, we shipped so strongly in the quarter. And so, the fact that we were able to execute on the backlog that we had. Had we not executed on that, we'd be talking about a positive book-to-bill. And so, I think, these were very strong bookings, but those shipments were even stronger.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks very much Matt. Look, I think, on the military side, we clearly had a lot of constraints in the second quarter and that was reflected in our performance in the second quarter. We have to go back a little bit and understand we've been dealing with a very, very robust military market. You'll recall, 2019 we grew 23% in military, which is really substantial in that market. And net 23% in military required us to step up quite significantly our capacity expansions in support of this very, very strong levels of demand. And so, as we came into COVID, there was still strong demand, but then we lost a lot of production in the second quarter because of the various shutdowns in places like the U.S., in places like Mexico, places like India, and otherwise in Europe as well. And getting that back so rapidly is not as easy in the military market, when we were already running at very high levels of capacity. Now I can tell you this, we are supporting our customers in an outstanding fashion. We have not disappointed. We have not let down customers. We're not creating any problems for our customers. But overall, we are running here again in the third quarter at a very high level of production relative to capacity, and there is still significant demand that is out there. So when does that return to growth? I think our outlook for the full year to be in the kind of low single digits is a reflection of strong performance where there is one quarter where we really lost a fair bit of production in that quarter. Now relative to commercial air, I don't - I can't be the one to call a "bottom here". We came into this quarter thinking that our sales would sequentially be down, in fact, they were not. We were up a little bit sequentially. But what we hear from our customers for the fourth quarter is clearly that it will be down, and that's why I talked about an outlook of being down about 20%. We'll see how the year comes. It's a very difficult time period. I would - where if you call it an unprecedented disruption in demand in that market, because this demand that is disrupted, not just because of production problems but the end customers are just not using the product right now. And you just look at any area of the travel industry, and you do not have demand. And how that ultimately filters through to the aircraft unit demand going forward, I think it's too early to tell. Regardless, our team will be ready. We continue to support our customers around the world. And ultimately, one day, there will be a recovery in this demand, and our team will be well positioned to take cover. Until such time, you can bet that everybody working in commercial air in Amphenol is doing what they have to do, to deal with lower volumes, cutting cost, reallocating resources, re-dedicating technologies to other markets, all the sort of standard playbook of an Amphenol Entrepreneurial General Manager, and they're doing that in spades right now.
Adam Norwitt: Sure. Well, thanks very much, Joe. Look, I think, we've talked about it, I know many others have talked about the fact that the interconnect architecture and electric vehicle is very, very different from that, which is in a typical internal combustion engine vehicle, and that starts with the reality that you're moving power around the car at very high voltage and that requires a degree of technology in the interconnect that is just very different than what one saw in traditional cars. And when you have a more complex technology, when you have a technology that carries with it more risk that it has to be a good connector. Of course, that's going to - that's going to have an implication that that product should have. All things being equal, more value to it. Now is every electric car design the same? No. Is every hybrid car design the same? No. Is every internal combustion engine car design the same? For sure, not. And so, you can't say a specific model is going to have X more content than another specific model, but all things being equal, the interconnect system inside an EV car can have more value. Is that because there is more connectors while there's certainly more high-voltage connectors and those high-voltage connectors, again in general, should have greater technology embedded in them than a typically low voltage connector or cable assembly that goes into a car. So I think that that's - it's a pretty straightforward actually dynamic. Now the real rubber meets the road, so to speak, in - are you working with the breadth of customers, do you have the right technology, do you have that proven track record in high voltage products, maybe not in cars, for example, in industrial, in military like we do, and do you have the relationships with customers where you can promote those products to those customers? I think there, our team has done a really good job of that, and they've done a good job really in all the regions to make sure that customers understand that great legacy that Amphenol has in high voltage products outside of the automotive industry, coupled with our ability to service the automotive industry which has its unique requirements in terms of fulfilling the demand of customers. So I think it's a very positive for the long-term for the company, and I think we've been taking good advantage of that also here in the relatively shorter term.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, Thanks so much. Look, I don't know about the inventory that you mentioned. It doesn't appear to me that there is a massive amount of inventory being built. Was there low dealer inventory coming into the quarter? For sure. And is that driving automakers to try to ramp up their production levels? I think that's very, very clear. Did our team to a great job to react to the demand that was put upon us by our customers? I think they did. But look, I think, it's all too early to say what the overall market is going to be here. I don't pay much heat to the various consultant reports that are put out there. I think we'll see it when we see it what the overall demand is. But this is an industry that really just shut down almost for a quarter, at least for a month or two in that quarter, and restarting into an environment where there seems to be some end demand for cars. People want to have cars and trucks and SUVs, and all of those things. And so, I think it's natural that there is a desire to quickly ramp back up and how much of our gain came because of end volumes, how much came because of share gains, how much came because of readjusting to more normalized inventory levels, it's hard for us to know what the various components of that would be.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, thanks very much, Craig. I think we've talked about this during the more acute phases of the pandemic. And what for us has been a real advantage is, we view M&A as a very long-term process of developing and incubating relationships, keeping in touch, developing a sense of mutual trust and awareness with companies that we would be interested one day in inviting into the Amphenol family. And because of that, we've been able to do that even with the social distancing and the inability to travel. And so, our pipeline remains very strong. The relationships with the companies that we've been developing for a long time remain very robust and current. But at the same time, I think, if you're an entrepreneur, and you are - you may think twice about selling in an environment like this, because there is still a lot of uncertainty. And so, the fact that we've completed this year just two acquisitions, they are both relatively small. Last year, you know, we completed nine acquisitions, it's not surprising given that we're in a kind of once in a lifetime pandemic right now. I fully believe that as the world normalizes, whatever normal shall be, that our acquisition program will remain a really strong value creator for the company. And the fact of our performance during the pandemic, the resilience of Amphenol, our ability to capitalize on opportunities to manage through this pandemic in a way that we have becomes only a great asset in those discussions that we continue to have with potential acquisition targets and makes Amphenol incrementally a more attractive home for these companies, for their organizations. And so long-term, I actually think this might turn to a positive in terms of the wherewithal that we have to ultimately complete these acquisitions. Now when are we going to close on the next acquisition? You know well, I'm woefully unable to predict that. There are so many factors that go into when somebody ultimately signs on the dotted line, but I'm confident that over the long-term, this will be a real great part of how Amphenol grows. Over the long-term, acquisitions have represented roughly a third of our growth and we see no reason to think that that should change going forward.
Adam Norwitt: Yes. Thanks so much Steve. I mean, look, no doubt about it. Third quarter for our industrial market was really strong and it came on the heels of a second quarter that also surpassed our expectations. And you'll remember in the second quarter, the real driver was the strength in medical. In this quarter, it was more broad, including medical, but not only including medical. And so, it was really quite a bit outperforming. We anticipate that we came into the third quarter anticipating that sales would actually be a little bit down on a sequential basis, and in fact, they grew by 11%. So it's a very, very strong outperformance. And as we look into the fourth quarter, in the fourth quarter traditionally, there can be some seasonal moderation in the industrial market in certain years, together with the fact that we had this very, very strong surge in demand, in particular, related to medical in the second and third quarters. I think it's very natural that there would be a slight easing of that into the fourth quarter. But all that being said, even with this outlook in the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, we would expect to be growing in a pretty strong fashion in the fourth quarter and then our full year outlook still to grow in the low double digits, is a very, very strong outlook for a year where you had a global pandemic, which did have certain impacts on the overall industrial market. And it's a credit to our team to really quickly redeploy our resources on interconnect products, value add interconnect and sensors to those areas of the industrial market where there was indeed strength this year. It's interesting. I look into the third quarter, you know we service, I don't know, it's like a dozen or so different end segments of the industrial market. And I talked about the ones that were up, but we had also some that were down. I mean, you can imagine that a segment like an oil and gas was not very strong here in the third quarter. We had other areas that were also not very strong in the third quarter, but those were more than offset by the really excellent demand that we saw in the segments that I already discussed. So I think it's a very favorable outlook actually for the fourth quarter and for the full year, and we're just really pleased with how our team working in the industrial market has capitalized on the breadth of opportunities, some of which were really unexpected as we came into 2020.
Adam Norwitt: Thanks so much, Will. Look, I think the easiest explanation and the simplest thing here is, if you look at this year and last year, what has been the biggest change that has impacted and that's when we've talked about it are in fact that there are some customers who we traditionally sold to, who this year we are selling less to and even into the latter part of last year we were selling less to, and this is related to the Department of Commerce restrictions on the certain entities in China that we've talked about. I think that's the biggest story here. Now on an overall basis is capital spending with our operator customers, for example, going up or going down, yes, it remains to be seen for the year, but I think there is one thing which is that as we got into the pandemic, there was a rush to expand bandwidth. And I think in certain respects that rush to expand bandwidth came at the expense of the capacity and coverage that oftentimes is a bigger driver of just the end nodes of the mobile network investment which can drive our mobile networks business. And so, when you look at the growth that we've had in IT datacom, for example, some of that growth is coming ultimately from customers who also manage and build wireless networks in support of the bandwidth of their core networks, because people are working from home, they're studying from home, they're soaking up bandwidth that maybe was not expected, for sure, it was not expected. And so, I think that there is some of that dynamic. But the biggest and probably the most simple explanation to what you've described is, in fact, those Department of Commerce restrictions. And as we head into next year, I think that our team remains very confident in our position with customers around the world. We have strong position on next generation equipment, and we'll see how it goes, and we'll try to give a good assessment of this market as we come into - as we come into 2021. But no doubt, I mean, this has been a little bit more of a challenging market for us here in this year because of those - because of those factors that we've discussed.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, it's a great question. I would say that our performance in Asia, in general, in China being the largest factor for us in Asia, and for most in Asia, was really outstanding in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis. And so, I would say, back to pre-COVID and beyond in terms of the demand levels that we've seen. And I think that's true in the industrial market, I think that's true in the automotive market, I think that's true in the communications markets, all with the caveat related to the question that we will just ask relative to mobile networks and the restricted entities list. But beyond that, I would say that we've seen just great demand, and it is amazing. Craig and I, we have a lot of calls and now we do Zoom calls or Teams or Google Meetings or all of these different video calls with our customers - with our team, and you do that with people in China now and they're all sitting around the conference room together, nobody is wearing masks, because the virus is essentially not there. It is being kind of stopped at the border through a very rigorous approach to quarantining and testing. And so, I think that that has allowed, in particular China, to kind of get back to normal. People are going to movies, people are going to grocery stores, people are buying cars, people are riding on planes and trains, and all of this. And we see that on our computer screens, and I would be lying if I said I didn't have a little bit of jealousy to watch a group of 10 people sitting around the conference room table like we used to be here, but that will come here again. We will get there in other parts of the world as well, but it started earlier in China. We are actually two days from now we'll be exactly nine months since Wuhan was shutdown, how time does fly here in 2020. And we all know how tough that was in China in the first quarter, shutting everything down, every one of our 50 factories, every one of our than 35,000 people stuck at home for three weeks, the rigor with which the reopening happened, and we talked it back in the - at the end of the first quarter and the second quarter, how proud we were of the speed with which our team was able to implement measures to protect people and thereby secure a more rapid reopening of our operations. And I think now, here we are, nine months later, and things are relatively back to normal in China, and that includes the demand environment. And I'm very proud of our team working in China. All of them are local. And that's one thing I just want to emphasize once again. How we participate in every market where we work around the world is with local organizations, people who are from that country to whom we give full authority, we see to them the entrepreneurial authority to make appropriate decisions for their business on a day-to-day basis, that becomes even more critical in a year like this, where we cannot fly in and out of China, we can't go hold people's hands. We have to sort of talk to them on video calls, communicate with them as best that we can, but then have confidence that they are making the right decisions to capitalize on whatever opportunities are there in the market. And here's where the unique structure of Amphenol, I think, has shown its extraordinary agility and strength that in that place where the world has become more normal. We have an extraordinary team of dedicated individuals who can make decisions on the ground to capitalize on success and to deal with challenges. And that is in its essence, one of the key values. And the really the pillars of why Amphenol has been successful for many, many decades.
Adam Norwitt: Yes, I mean, look, I think the - our strength in military and its root comes from two things. Number one, it comes from the fact that we have the deepest and broadest array of technologies in the industry, there is no doubt about it. I mean, we are the leader in this industry, we have been in this industry for 100 years, us or our predecessor companies, and that strength that we have across all product technologies is so critical. But the second piece of it is our ability to execute. And I talked about that earlier. The fact that last year we were able to execute on a really almost unprecedented increase in demand, 23% sales growth last year that we were able to continue to support our customers even with all of the disruptions that we saw in the second quarter. And as we look at the broader military market, the defense market, I think, you alluded to a shift to tactical. I would actually say a shift from tactical, because I've talked about this for quite a while now that the militaries of the world, and whether that's in our country or in the allies of the U.S. and other countries, there was, for many years, a focus on this kind of whack-a-mole of catching stateless actors. And that was a very tactical move, which didn't require necessarily significant investments in military technology that I think has changed quite significantly, and we've seen that change happening slowly and maybe one could even say that this year that change has even a little bit accelerated where the real concern for militaries, those that we work with has become a much more strategic concern. And at the end of the day, strategic military tension leads to the adoption of technology. You're not dealing with trying to hunt down a terrorist needle in a haystack, rather you're trying to create defense systems, aggressive systems, whatever those may be to do battle with very formidable and known adversaries. And I think in that case, the real asset that the military takes advantage of is technology. And so, look, I'm not going to prognosticate about what elections are going to matter and which countries and how that's going to ultimately directly or indirectly affect military budgets. But what is for sure is that the geopolitical world that we are in today, it's a different one than we were in five years ago and certainly 10 years ago. And it's one that I believe is more reliant disproportionately on the innovations of our military customers and thereby our ability to enable those innovations with next generation technologies. So regardless of what election results come, I actually feel good about the prospects for our business in the military market because of our unique position there. And we'll see, we are reactive, we are agile in that market, and we'll deal with whatever comes our way. But I think the geopolitics of the moment and which have been building actually create a more favorable environment. Very good. Well, Joe, thank you for your last question. And I would like to just take this opportunity to thank everybody for your time and your attention to Amphenol today. And most importantly, since we won't get a chance to talk to most of you until 2021, unbelievably, I do want to wish everybody that you should stay safe and continue to stay vigilant as we come into the fall. We need you all healthy, and I wish you, your family, your friends and your communities, all the best as we come into the fall and winter season. And we look forward to speaking to all of you again in the new year. Thanks so much to everybody.
Craig Lampo: Yes. And Wamsi just a short answer to your second question. I mean, it's hard enough to forecast mobile devices and learn to forecast it based on the individual components of it. I wouldn't think anything is categorically different in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, but it - we have - anyway it's a hard time to forecast it in general. So I wouldn't get too far out ahead of myself in saying which individual segments are going to be strong in the fourth quarter.
Craig Lampo: Yes, I mean, look relative to the end of the list, I think as we said a year ago, it's not that like on one day, May 19th, everything shut off. And so, there is a process of this that over time the impact can grow a little bit, and I think we continue to see that relative to the linearity of the quarter. Look, I think it shouldn't come as a terrible surprised that as we got farther from the acute phase of the pandemic which was really in the second quarter that there was some strengthening over the course of the quarter. And typically in the third quarter, September would be a really strong month, and I think this year was not different from other years in the respect that the quarter finished a bit stronger than it started.
Craig Lampo: Yes, thanks Deepa. I would - just to the point of that cash, I would say in the U.S. and how that impacts our buybacks, I would say, it really doesn't have any impact on what buybacks we do. We have plenty of liquidity in the U.S., outside of the U.S. So it really has no impact on our buyback rhythm. In terms of the amount of cash we have, and whether or not doing less M&A or more M&A has an impact on our buybacks, I mean, honestly, I would say that we have a pretty strong balance sheet, a very strong balance sheet. We've had a very strong balance sheet for a long time. I would say that regardless of the M&A that we've had over a period of time, we've been able to have a pretty balanced capital deployment rhythm in regards to share - return of capital to shareholders and our M&A. We always say that we prefer to do M&A, to the extent possible, but the reality is, is that we are able to typically do all of the three because of such a strong balance sheet, the amount of cash flow we generate. We generated almost $1 billion of free cash flow this year. So I wouldn't say that, you know, doing less M&A is necessarily going to have us accelerate our buyback. We've done 1.6 billion out of the 2 billion under our buyback program. So we're well on track to finish our buyback program in the allotted time, which certainly were on phase four. So I wouldn't necessarily say that we would per se accelerate that. M&A will continue to be a significant part of our strategy as Adam just mentioned. The timing is certainly unpredictable and - but there is no doubt that we have a great pipeline and we have certainly the capital to fund it.
