R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, Sherri, thank you very much. I think you put your finger on it mobile devices it certainly of all the markets to won that have the biggest change in terms of our outlook I think the other markets there some small puts and takes, but as I mentioned we certainly are pleased that not only were we able to react quickly to what was essentially some unexpected degree of demand in the second quarter, but we continue to believe that will translate into some higher levels and we had expected in the coming third quarter as well as through the year. And ultimately we go from having felt that market would have been it kind of a mid to high single-digit decline to low single-digit increased on the year-over-year basis. So that no doubt it all of them the most meaningful change in the guidance. Sherri A. Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.: Okay. And then, Adam, I was hoping to get your thoughts about the demand environment right now. I think in the press release you said there is still a lot of uncertainty, but just wanted to get the sense of – do you think that things have gotten better? Thank you.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, well, thank you very much. I mean I’ve said many times before that I don’t fancy myself at all a macroeconomist. We read the papers and there is no question that there remain still a lot of turbulence in the world no doubt about it some of our markets have a more fair wind behind them if you look at marketplace the automotive market and the industrial market, wireless infrastructure clearly these are markets commercial aerospace and other ones we’re outperforming significantly we believe the end market but the overall markets are performing well. At the same time, you just have to look at a cross section of earnings releases from various OEMs in the electronics industry to know that not everything is going up into the right. There continues to be a lot of dynamics in the market from every corner and that’s not to mention any kind of geopolitical things that happened or don’t happen in time. Is the overall economy growing at a different pace of GDP? That I have no idea, we are not commissioning studies about this and I actually don’t spend a lot of my time to look at what the GDP trends are that are half a point better or half a point worse. But we see a lot of opportunities ourselves to capitalize on that change, because at the end of the day when there is dynamics, the agility of how we run the company and the agility of the culture of Amphenol has just so much power to take an advantage of that change. Unexpected things that come from every corner of the electronics industry, these are the things that the Amphenol team is just so capable at taking advantage of and its not taking advantage up here at headquarters that Diana and I kind of directing traffic, it’s more having our general managers around the world, really sensing out in real-time when those dynamics are coming and taking advantage of them. And I think this quarter was a great example of our ability to really find those areas of strength take advantage of them better than maybe others can do and thereby to drive the results that you have seen.Sherri A. Scribner – Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.:  Thank you.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, I mean, look, it just comes down to – since it is such a volatile market Steve, that demand can go up and demand can go down very rapidly and dealing with that is not easy. I mean that can mean you got a higher lot of people or you got to do the opposite that can mean you have to be, you have to work in a way that selectable from a capital standpoint from how you setup production lines, I mean there is just a whole host of things and I can tell that I’m not going to go into any detail here, because some of that what I would consider nice proprietary secret sauce about our success, but at the end of the day, it comes down to a mind set. The culture of Amphenol and organization is probably better than anyone here having covered the company for so long. We come down to general managers in the company, 85 of them are around the world who run these businesses in real-time and they have all the tool at their disposal to make changes without having to go through layers-upon-layers to say can I do this or I cannot do this? In that market in particular, the customer come to you at noon and they need an answer by 12.30 and if you have to go through some approval process to say “well I’m going to go hire another 150 people or 500 people or I’m going to buy this machine, I’m going to do this” you have already missed the opportunity, because someone else has given them that answer by 12.30 when they ask that question at noon. And it’s that real-time ability to respond that is essentially in the DNA of our culture and how we are organized that serves us so well on that market. On the flip side obviously when there are downturn as we've experience in times past, it also serves you well, because you can make quick adjustment to your resources to preserve the bottom line of the company and thereby it makes that business sustainable, because if you get into a mobile device business where you go through these kind of convulsive ups and down with restructuring and plant closing and other things, you are never going to be prepared for when that up side comes, because you are now recovering from that kind of massive change that had to undergo at the last downturn and so because we are able to do that in real-time with general managers who make real decisions everyday, it just makes it a much, much more successful and it makes us more able to deal with that dynamic market.Steven B. Fox – Cross Research LLC:  Great. Thanks for that. Then just as a quick follow-up, with regard to the Sensor acquisition, I know you're not going to provide details in terms of financials; but you did mention a couple of times, when you talked about industrial and auto in particular, that you are already seeing opportunities to leverage that portfolio. I was hoping you can give us maybe some examples or just guide us in terms of what you mean and what kind of time frame that would be related to. Thanks.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. Thank you very much, its great question. I’m not going to give specific product examples for obvious competitive reason, but I can just tell you I have personally been over the course of the last quarter to a quite a number of customers, because I wanted to sit in front of those customers and hear it from them how they felt about this and what they saw for the future and I can tell you it’s really universal. They are so pleased to have us coming in as a company with tremendous resources with a tremendous history in particular and high reliability harsh environment product. I mean we invented most of these harsh environment high reliability products we have been the company for the better part of century who they recognized as that enterprise and then to come in and bringing together that core sensor technology become all the way from the sensor element to the ability to package it, that has been just such a wonderful story to tell and has received just a great reception these are customers in a wide variety of areas, in a wide variety of regions.Steven B. Fox – Cross Research LLC:  Great. Thank you very much. Congrats on the quarter.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure and I unfortunately not going to give you the breakdown strictly and that’s something that certainly we try to keep somewhat closer to our best, relative to customers and competitors, but I can tell you that the strength in the quarter as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we saw more coming out of mobile computing devices on a year-over-year basis coming really from mobile computing devices, which is a range of things, tablets, laptops, eReaders, Ultrabooks, you name it. On a sequential basis, we actually saw more strength coming out of smartphones and also some on laptops and maybe less out of things like tablet. And looking forward, I think we have a positive outlook really across the board for those on a sequential basis. We look at kind of the second half to the first half where we certainly have a strong expectation for sales growth. I think we would see that growth really across all the areas.Matt J. Sheerin – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks a lot Adam.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. No, thank you very much. Obviously M&A has always been for us a real core component of the company’s expansion strategy and we been doing M&A for a long, long time – certainly well north of decade and decade and half. During that time period we acquired just so many fabulous company’s and last year and if you take the last two years, we acquired 10 companies in two years and we continue to have just a very vibrant and strong pipeline and we continue to look at M&A not as well we are only going to go in one direction or we going go after this pace in technology but rather we believe there great M&A opportunities across the various markets that we serve. If you just look back over a two year period when we made those 10 acquisitions those 10 acquisitions were across that have been five or six of our end market. So there was not at all kind of doubling down on one or another one of our markets and one and other of our technologies.  At the end of the day what we look at from an acquisition as we look at, sort of three simple things number one, first and foremost is management. We look for company’s that have great leadership. Leadership of people who want to continue with the business, and we want them to continue with the business who will operate in the Amphenol organization as the entrepreneurs just like our other 85 general managers do in such a effective passion. Next we look at technology we want company’s that are really high technology providers people who solve problems for their customers and whatever space they maybe in. And then finally you obviously want company’s who have a complementary market position to our own. And despite the size of Amphenol and the breadth that we operate and there is still just a wider ray of potential acquisition and potential company’s that can fit those kind of three litmus test that we have. You notice what I didn’t talk about is hurdle rates and things like this because that’s not how we run our acquisition we pay fair prices for things. We certainly look for acquisitions to be accretive in the first year, but ultimately we believe that if you have the right people, and you have right technology and you are doing that in a complementary fashion to our own that’s going to be very, very successful acquisition program. It shown to be such over many, many years and we believe for many years to come and we will continue to be great asset for the company.
R. Adam Norwitt: We don’t break it down by product specifically, again competitive reasons are important to be sensitive to here, but what I can tell you is both with the Holland acquisition that we made a couple of years ago as well as our internal development efforts, we have a much broader array of products today beyond just cable and reels that we sold for so many years and one can imagine that the growth profile of the business would not be surprising for you to learn that those kind of products grow at somewhat faster rates than do the bulk cable product.Mike Wood – Macquarie Equity Research:  Okay, thank you. 
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes, Jim, thank you for those obviously two excellent questions. Relative to cable, I mean I just talked about our strategy in cable, which is really to work to diversify our product types. I have spoken many times about the fact the cable environment, the pricing environment has been a very challenging environment for a quite sometime it continues to be a very challenging environment. We continue to be a company that is very disciplined and we will remain disciplined in our cable pricing. But when you have a market which is so concentrated, we are also not just going to let the market totally fall through our fingers. So, we will always let the leaders in that market set the price and we will follow that. As I have always said, by the time the sun has set we don’t let a price increase fall through our fingers. But at the same time you mentioned it very well, it has become a much smaller portion of the business it’s important part of the business to be in the broadband market per say. Because, we have our cable product segment, but the broadband market remains one of the most important areas in terms of delivering high speed data to customers home. And so we remain very committed to that market even if the cable products, margins are certainly lower than we would like and you can bet that our team will continue to work towards getting those margins up.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, look we’re not trying to capitalize on world instability, so let me say that very much at the frontend here, we certainly hope that our conflicts around the world and we do our little piece to make sure that’s not the case. But relative to emerging geographies, I have talked about this actually for quite some time. When we go back to the military market as the various U.S. and European driven conflicts we are winding down. I have talked a lot about the fact that we continue to see an offset to that overall reduction in the military spending environment from two areas. One is the expansion of electronics in the military. And we see that very much so, much more electronic content even if it’s among a lower pool of spending and then in the second is those are merging geographies who continue to invest and continue to spend money on upgrading their military. Obviously as an American company, we are not going to do business with certain geographies they are places like China and Iran and obviously as the U.S. company you don’t participate with those are all hand off, but there are a lot of countries around the world were you do work and you do work with them and we have worked with them for many, many, many years. I mean we have been in India for the better part of 43-years as the leader in the Indian military hardware. We have been in Israel for around essentially the history of Israel and history of Amphenol, places like Brazil, places like Malaysia, Singapore you name it, there are many, many places around the world who are actually increasing their degree of military spending and at the same time increasing the electronic component of that through – in order to modernize their militaries and that’s something that we continue to see, we continue to have excellent presence in many of those place. Many of those are also working through U.S. manufactures of equipment or European manufactures of equipment. So we get some benefit just through the traditional U.S. and European defense manufactures, but we also have a lot of presence direct with indigenous companies in all of those regions. And I think the repetition that we have as really the world leader in this space. The technology trends that are in this space also serves us very, very well as we looked to capitalize on whatever growth opportunities there can be from these emerging geographies.James M. Kisner – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Great thank you go much.
R. Adam Norwitt: Yes. It’s a great question Amithab I mean we’re just very proud of the progress that we've made in the automotive market. We just take historical perspective for Amphenol you may recall if we go back in a five, five and half years ago automotive was I think Q1 of 2009 it was like 6% of our sales and now here it is 15% of our sale and that growth has come really from two parallel initiatives. One is to develop new products that can capitalize on the expansion of electronic functionality in the car. And so we've done that just so well getting in front of exhaust management, drive a train, onboard electronics, Telematics, infotainment, you name it, where we work very carefully and very closely with customers at all tiers in the automotive world to really help them to enable new systems. It wasn’t necessarily that were taking share out of someone else’s hand, it was that we were helping to enable new functionalities in the car with our existing capabilities to make strong interconnect products. And sometimes these weren’t even just simple piece-part components, but they were complex interconnect systems and that something from organic standpoint that we just done an outstanding job of.  And then in parallel, we made some excellent acquisitions over that same time period, where we have really broadened the range of products that we sell into cars around the world. And then, once we make those acquisitions but they don’t just joined the company and sort of stay in the static position forever, we work with them to cross sell into customers, to work with them to help to enable next-generation systems bringing together the technologies within our automotive group. And I think those efforts all collectively have resulted in us achieving the results that you’ve seen for several years running and including this quarter I think 18% growth, no matter how you slice it, is outperforming the market organically by probably quite a wide margin. And we believe that we have just laid a great platform here. We are clearly not the leader in this space, nor do we aspire to be the leader in this space. But we want to be a stronger participant who works very much in those high value, high technology in new electronics application.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, it’s an excellent question and certainly this has been a big initiative for us for a quite some time. I can tell you we have in our company a lot of operations who work with, what I would call service providers. And that is a really unique asset that we have in the company understanding how service providers work as opposed to how OEMs work. They are extremely different in what they care about, what their priorities are, what the predictability of their spending patterns are. But I think we have a great head start on that because of our kind of cultural awareness how to work with those companies and our ability to kind of tack differently and work with those customers when we have been so accustomed to working with the OEMs. The IT market is very dynamic space. You just got to look at few of the earnings releases that have come out recently and then you compare that to some of the earnings releases of service providers and look at the capital that they are spending there is a massive disconnect that is happening in that market. And so there is no question that the success in the future is going to be tied very much to our success in broadening the customer base. And I can tell you that we are doing a fabulous job of that so far. It’s early days because I think the market is in flux somewhat. So is that transition happened how the service providers, to what degree do they take control of certain things? To what degree do they cede control to the traditional OEMs that whole lay of the land, if you will, is still very much in flux. But however it shakes out, we are going to be well positioned for the long-term. 
R. Adam Norwitt: No, no, that’s an excellent question. I think we don’t talk specifically about individual products, but no doubt that next-generation whether that’s called 3G, 4G, LTE, TD-LTE, I am sure there’s other acronyms that I am missing here. Those are clearly driving some of the growth in the overall space. I think we – I mentioned in the past many times that when we working the mobile device market, we work there with a very simple framework, which is we are going to participate in those devices where there is value in our product and usually that translates into where there is value in the hardware. I think what we have started to see. In handsets in particular is certain companies who have realized that it is just not enough to put either an Android or a Windows operating system in your phone and sell it kind of in the blank box. And that there is differentiation happening, competitive differentiation happening among certain customers and that includes customers in less developed or emerging markets. China is one place. Whether China is emerging anymore, I don’t know, but certainly that one place where there is a lot of competition happening and where there are kind of domestic companies not the global name brands, who are competing on the performance, the functionality, the use of the product relative to hardware not just the software. And those are areas, which have to potential at least to create for us an opportunity to expand our position. So I think from that standpoint, long-winded answer to the question, I would say: Yes, that’s create an opportunity. Whether it is just 4G that I wouldn’t be so sure of. But if there are new devices with new functionality, then no doubt about it that can create for us an opportunity.Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs Inc.: Understood. Thank you for that. For a follow-up question, I am hoping you can elaborate a little bit more on some of the order trends. You were already discussing the mobile networks, and if you could discuss any differences you are seeing there between connectors and antennas, and then what some of the underlying drivers of the trends are between units, pricing, or increased content per system.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, I mean, I’m not going to get into specifics about the various products that we sell into that market, but I can tell you that we have a very broad offering, and I think, I mentioned in my early remarks that we’re very pleased with the growth across-the-board, whether that is our direct sales of interconnect products to OEMs, our sales to operators the both interconnect products as well as antennas. We are very pleased with the contributions from all of those, and I think we have a very balanced business across both the products as well as the channel, the ultimate channel through which we sell our product and I think we have stronger order trends across-the-board. The thing that is unique this year in the mobile infrastructure market, besides just that the overall capital spending seems to be more favorable than it has been in several years past, is that the fact that you are seeing growth and not insignificant growth on a global basis. Not just concentrated in one or another of the various geographies. And I think that is something that is unique. I personally believe it is just because of consumer pressure, that they want those devices to have fast video with no latency. Now that they have TVs sitting in their hands, they want to able to use this TVs that are in their hands; and that is putting a lot of pressure on operators on a global basis to be competitive. And when you have one operator in one place just as well now I got the fastest LTE or 4G or whatever you call it, immediately the other ones got to react or else they are going to start to lose customers and its expenses for them when they lose this customers. So, I think that has been a real tipping point with prevalence of the devices that now drives overall those investments. And as it comes back to just our position, we have just an outstanding and very broad technology position on interconnect products, on antennas, on cable assemblies, on connectors, RF, fiber optics, high speed you name it, the full range of products that are used in these very advanced new system.Mark Delaney – Goldman Sachs Inc.: Thank you very much.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, thank you very much for the question, Wamsi. I just very simply would say it comes from a combination of all of that I think that we have better demand on existing, and we have better expectations for some new product. And that’s I think a very simple answer to the question.Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, Adam. Can you remind us how much of your revenue goes through distribution now? And is there a plan to change your go-to-market for the sensor products? Are the system designers and buyers the same for the interconnect and sensor products or you need to built some infrastructure and change go-to-market for that? Thanks.
R. Adam Norwitt: Sure. No, it’s an excellent question. First, relative to distribution, it is about 12% of our sales goes through distribution. We have no tops-down initiative to say. Well, now we got to change all of our channels relative to sensors or we got that take full advantage of whatever strength that we have. Obviously, to the extent that we have some customers or distributors who are interested now in the sensor products that we can offer simply because they are now part of Amphenol. We are not going to led those opportunities go by the wayside. So we will take advantage of them. Relative to your question about inside the customers, whether that is always the same person, as I mentioned earlier, I have gone to a number of customers since we have made the acquisition strong customers that we had previously as well as customers with whom the Advanced Sensors business is strong. And I would tell you that it depends. I think there are some customers where it is not at all the same people. And I think in general the engineers are not the same people, but ultimately from a procurement and strategic procurement standpoint, it usually all ends up at one top of a pyramid. The thing that I have seen and alluded to it earlier is even those engineers who, let’s say are just sensor engineer or conversely are just an interconnect engineer, it appears from my conversations with them that one of the greatest frustration those individual engineers have is the challenges that they face with the sort of corresponding technology. So in other words you have an interconnect engineer who is having to design things for a system that incorporates a sensor, he doesn’t really understand that sensor. Now that you can come in as a company like we now can and sell that together with our sensors engineer, our interconnect engineer, you can really solve the big problem for that person because interestingly, a lot of our customer are really big companies and they don’t necessarily communicate internally as well as we can necessarily communicate internally. So you can help to actually bridge some of the gap in those challenges across the two portfolios. We have seen the same in years past. Antenna engineers don’t tend to be connector engineers and vice versa, and that has served us extremely well as we have gone to customers to be able to solve that the comprehensive system problem that they face.Wamsi Mohan – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Thanks a lot Adam.
R. Adam Norwitt: Well, thank you very much, Wamsi, and I think we have no further questions. So I would like to just take this opportunity to thank you all again for spending your time with us here today and hope it is not too late to wish that you have at least some degree of rest this summer for all of you on the phone today. And we look forward to talking to you again here in about 3 months. 
Diana G. Reardon: I think the guidance would assume that we do some sort of refinancing sort of coincidence with the date of the maturity of the bonds offering, but I wouldn’t expect that whatever we do would have a very substantial impact.Shawn M. Harrison – Longbow Research LLC.: Got you, thanks so much.
Diana G. Reardon: Sure, I think that we as you pointed out we did achieve good conversion margin in Q2, and I think just on a long-term basis the company has a very good track record of strong conversion margins and strong profitability achievement in a pretty diverse set of environments. This particular conversion margin in Q2 was inline with what we expected for the quarter and the guidance in the second half for Q3 and Q4 is also actually consistent with the guidance that we had last quarter, it just on now a higher level of sales. And the Q2 conversion margin, was largely attributable to just great operating execution in our interconnect business. in the second half of the year, there is some small contribution from, some expected improvement and some of the acquisitions from last year, but I would say largely the improvement in ROS and the stronger conversion margin is just coming out a very strong operation execution on the base business. And the drivers of that strong profitability are really an unrelenting focus on cost, the tension to the top line in terms of which new business we choose to participate in making sure we stay on the high end of technology and therefore can demand appropriate value from a pricing perspective. So while there is some small contribution, I wouldn’t say that we’re expecting in the second half of the year to have the acquisition reach what we would consider as full potential to be that would dwell beyond 2014.Amit J. Daryanani – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Got it. That’s really helpful and congrats on the good quarter guys.
Diana G. Reardon: And in terms of the second question, Jim, I think that there certainly has been no change relative to the company strategy regarding capital deployment. And we had a very consistent strategy for many years now. And from a prioritization perspective, certainly while we do prioritize the acquisition program in terms of using the financial strength, we also feel that a flexible and balanced approach is equally important. And I think if you would look at the historical pattern for the company, whether you look at 2013 or you look at back over the last five years. We’ve typically about half of our free cash flow and I think we just generated something along $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion over the last five years and free cash flow about half of that is going to fund the acquisition program, which has been a very successful program and added a lot of value for the company and about in the other of that about is gone back to shareholders. And that return of capital to shareholders has been a balance of stock buyback and the dividend which really didn’t get 20 real amount until 2013. So the dividend is very much a part of the strategy of having flexible and balanced approach on increase that we announce, brings yield up to about a 1% yield. In the context of the approach that we have for that balance, we think that that is an appropriate level for the company, but the prioritization of the capital deployment has not changed. And certainly the acquisition program is still, from our perspective as a management team, the best source of long-term growth and profitability enhancement for the company.
Diana G. Reardon: We had a couple of payments that related to some previous acquisitions and we had a very small acquisition – I call more of a vertical integration of a very small company that didn't rise to a level that we would be talking about.James M. Kisner – Jefferies & Company, Inc.:  Great. And separately, just on the military piece, I am not sure if I heard you guys right that you said you are seeing some growth on hardware spend in emerging geographies. I guess I had always thought of this business as pretty much a domestic and Western business. I just want to understand your exposures there and what particular geographies you might be – you maybe exposed to in military, other than the U.S.. I guess I am just wondering longer-term, if there's conflicts around the world, could you potentially see some benefit from that? Thanks.
