Tom Szkutak: In terms of -- I will take the second part of the question first, in terms of new fulfilment centers, we’ve announced three in the US right now and then a few outside of the US consistent with the prior year. It’s early -- we really like the growth that we are experiencing. We will be adding more of these through the course of the year but stay tuned, we will update you as we go. In terms of FBA, there’s not a lot I can talk to there. We are very pleased with the FBA business and we think it’s great for sellers and great for customers. And we are pleased to offer that service.
Tom Szkutak: The second half of the question, there is -- it is organic. So there is no -- it’s consistent year-over-year. So this is the first quarter. It will be consistent year-over-year. In terms of your question, international, we’re seeing still very solid growth, 21% on a local currency basis. As you’ve read, certainly there is some softness from a macro standpoint that others are saying are hard to know whether that’s impacting us and how much we’re not a bellwether for the economy. But we’re very pleased with the growth that we’re seeing. Again 21% on a local currency basis, unit growth is actually growing substantially faster than that. So again that’s what we’re seeing. In terms of investing, you’re absolutely right. We’re investing in a number of geographies including certainly China. We’ve been investing for several years. We continue to invest there. We think it's a great long-term opportunity but we’re in investment mode. And certainly some of the more recent additions that we’ve had with Italy and Spain are certainly in investment mode as well.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. We give -- as we’re consistently doing, we’re giving a wide range. We think it’s appropriate, given all the factors that’s not something new that we’re doing. That’s something that have been doing for some time in your right -- growth rate guidance for Q2 is 13% to 26% certainly foreign exchange having an impact that includes approximately 275 basis points of foreign exchange. So it’s approximately 16% to 29% on a local currency basis. So again it’s a wide range and just probably not a lot to add there but it takes into account all the things that we think we need to take into account as we give guidance. In terms of the absolute dollar range, it’s very similar to what we would have -- in terms of the dollar range we would have given for Q1. I think it’s maybe $100 million difference in terms of the absolute value of that range that we gave. So again wide range, we think that’s appropriate.
Tom Szkutak: The one factor, I would call out, first of all in terms of overall unit growth. Overall unit growth is 30% year-over-year. Again, very solid growth, compares to approximately 49% of Q1 of last year. So it’s certainly -- we’re certainly overlapping a pretty strong growth of last Q1. In terms of the physical and digital, certainly one thing that we’re seeing is certainly digital growing at a much faster rate. And when you do see that, a little bit is in our third-party units as a percentage of total units. You will see that, that’s approximately 40% this quarter. That compares to last year up about approximately 100 basis points. But what we’re seeing is because the digital units are growing at a faster rate and that mostly first party you're seeing that number impacted where that percentage as a percentage of our total is not growing as fast as it has last few quarter. Again that's largely driven by the digital units growth that you are seeing. So again that’s -- if you were to back out, for example, and just look at our physical units, our physical units as a percentage of total units this year versus last year is up over 300 basis points. That’s again 3p growth as a percentage of total units.
Tom Szkutak: We are not giving -- certainly we’re not giving guidance on any specific line item but certainly over a long period of time we think there is opportunity to be more productive there, and there are certainly efficiency gains to be had there. And that’s something, certainly the team continues to work on.
Tom Szkutak: No, I don’t think that there is. I think the team has done a fantastic job in terms of developing services that are great for many different customer types, including enterprises. And the team is heads down focused on making sure we have a great operational of these services that are great from an operational standpoint and security standpoint and they are doing a terrific job. And so it’s a very great opportunity for enterprises to adopt our services and the team is certainly focused on that along with other customers. So other customers that took in, it's a great opportunity for those customers and for us.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. It’s certainly one of our digital offerings and we have a number of different services. We have certainly content that we’re using as part of our prime offer that we have a lot of free content of the customers. We think that's a great service to customers along with our express shipping offers as well as other content that we have free, for example, our Kindle owners lending library for books. So again, we think it’s a great -- finds a great value for customers and it’s part of that value proposition. We also have in a very good transaction business for video as well. That’s growing very, very fast and certainly customers like it. We are seeing that reflected in the result that you see today.
Tom Szkutak: We are very pleased with Kindle and digital business. And we are superexcited in terms of the ecosystem. You're certainly seeing that in our results that you see today. For example, if you look at our media growth, we are certainly -- that ecosystem is more penetrated there than it is in international and you see that reflected in those associated growth rates. Another way you see it is, if you take a look at our top 10 best-selling items worldwide in Q1. The top 10 are all either digital or Kindle related. Paperweight is our best selling product worldwide. But again, all 10 spots in the Q1 were either Kindle or digital items. And I believe that that's the first time that we’ve seen. We've been looking at that from a quarterly results standpoint for some period of time, and we’ve had various levels of the top 10. But I think this maybe the first quarter we’ve had all top 10 being either Kindle related or digital related. So again, we are very pleased with what we were doing there and we are going to continue to innovate on behalf of customers.
Tom Szkutak: One thing I would say is we certainly are investing, certainly in area of investment and you're seeing that reflected. We are making a number of investments across the business and certainly we are investing in Kindle and our digital offerings. We are investing in some of the things I mentioned earlier like China or some of the emerging geographies. So those are certainly some of the larger key investments we are making.
Tom Szkutak: Nothing to announce here. We are very pleased with what we've seen in the Seattle area. But against, it’s been a test and we continue to monitor that test carefully. It’s certainly something that we see that customers love the experience. The challenge has always been in making sure we get the economics right and that is something we will continued to focus on.
Tom Szkutak: Thanks for the question. Yeah. It’s something we haven't released any of the numbers. It’s something that we are tracking very closely. It is something that we believe over time will reduce churn and it’s certainly helping today. What we are seeing is great traction. We see a lot of usage of the service. Customers love it and we think it is very interesting part of Prime offering. And that’s why we have been expanding NYC, some of the more recent announcement including some of the stuff included in the earnings release today around original content So, again, it’s something that we find very interesting and we are excited about it.
Tom Szkutak: No, there is not a lot I can add. I mean I think the 30% book, very strong growth rate. Again it’s growing at a faster rate than revenue, revenue at 20%, revenue at local currency growth of 24%, a very strong third-party growth continues to be very strong. Retail growth is strong. So again there is not a lot I can provide you there. But again keep in mind that we are overlapping 49% growth last year Q1, which is certainly little bit of a difficult compare but again fees would be 30% growth rate.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the platform itself, we think it's a very sizable, very good long-term opportunity for us. And it’s something that we’ve been working on for some time and we think it’s very interesting. One thing you'll notice, on our site we’re being obviously very -- making sure the customer experience is great. What we are really trying to do is we are trying to help customers find and discover what they want to buy online. So we’re and it’s very customer centric but it’s also from a business standpoint of very good long-term opportunity with great team that’s working on the opportunity. And we’re excited about the long term potential of it.
Tom Szkutak: Yeah, I think the thing that can help with this, we see -- of Prime customers, for example, we certainly see adoption of the service in terms of free content but those same customers are purchasing content as well. So there is a good attachment to it which we like. And we see Prime members doing not just within video content but we see them doing a lot of cross-shopping. So it’s not surprising we see them do, maybe a customer comes in, and had been traditionally purchasing them pre-Prime, in a few categories, we find that they do a lot more cross-shopping. Same thing with digital content. They use the service, they might start with free content and then they will also continue to purchase paid content. So it’s a nice effect that we’re seeing, which is why we like Prime so much.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the international media growth, this quarter it was 1% on a dollar basis, 7% on a local currency basis, which you -- in terms of the overall growth rate certainly what you’re seeing is digital content as part of that is growing very fast. But it’s not as large or as penetrated. Our ecosystem isn’t as developed I would say as it is in the U.S. And so when you compare the two geographies for second that’s one of the more meaningful differences that you see between the two as you see that both are growing digital content very fast. It is just the ecosystem is more build out in North America. But again, certainly we see very positive signs back in the growth we’re experiencing in international. It’s just on the lower base. So that’s began to be helpful there. In terms of the unit growth, we said that our overall unit growth was 30% for the quarter. Our 3P unit growth I don’t have the overall growth rate but it’s growing at a faster rate than the total.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of geographic expansion, there is not a lot I can say specifically about Brazil. We think we are in the right geographies right now. We’ve expanded into a number of geographies over the past few years. That is certainly something always we look at and you should expect us to expand to additional geographies over time. In terms of any questions related to our product roadmap, we don’t -- we’ve a longstanding practices of not talking about what we might, or might not do there. But we are certainly excited about the product roadmap that we have for the future and again, we’ve a longstanding practice of not giving details until closer at launch.
Tom Szkutak: We're actually pleased with the growth from a customer standpoint. We've seen very good growth and we continue to -- we have many, many teams across Amazon that are just heads down focused on trying to improve the customer experience and inventing on behalf of customers. So, we couldn't be more pleased with what they are doing, and you see that reflected in our overall growth rate this quarter with revenue up 24% on a local currency basis and units growing at 30%, on top of strong growth quarter last year Q1.
