Andrew Jassy: Everybody, this is Andy. Just before we start with the questions, I just wanted to say it's good to be with you all on the call today. I thought I might jump on the calls from time to time moving forward. And given that this last quarter was the end of my first full year in this role, and given some of the unusual parts in the economy and our business, I thought this might be a good one to join. So thanks for having me.
Andrew Jassy: Yes. And I'll start just at a broad level, priority-wise, the connective tissue for everything we do across the company, including in stores in North America, is we realize that we exist to make customers' lives better and easier every day and relentlessly went to do so. And being maniacally focused on the customer experiences, always going to be a top priority for us. At the same time, and this is true in North America as well as across the entire business, we're working really hard to streamline our costs and trying to do so at the same time that we don't give up on the long-term strategic investments that we believe can meaningfully change broad customer experiences and change Amazon over the long term.  As I addressed directly the North American stores questions, I think our -- probably the #1 priority that I spent time with the team on is reducing our cost to serve in our operations network. And as Brian touched on, it's important to remember that over the last few years, we've -- we took a fulfillment center footprint that we've built over 25 years and doubled it in just a couple of years. And then we, at the same time, built out a transportation network for last mile roughly the size of UPS in a couple of years. And so when you do both of those things to meet the huge surge in demand, you're going to -- just to get those functional, it took everything we had. And so there's a lot to figure out how to optimize and how to make more efficient and more productive.  And then I think at the same time, if you think about doubling the number of fulfillment centers you have and then adding a very large transportation network and you realize that all of those facilities have to link together to get products to customers, that's a pretty big expansion in the number of nodes in the network. It becomes a little bit different network. And so to figure out how to be really efficient across all those links and have them be highly utilized and to get the flows in those facilities working the right way, it takes time. So we're working very hard on it. I'm pleased with the progress we made in Q4, and you can see that in some of the results. But that work will extend into '23. So that's first.  I think the second thing, priority-wise, I would talk about is just speed. We believe that continuing to get products to customers faster, makes customers happier, and they also converted a higher rate when they can see promises of deliveries that are faster. I think selection will always be a very high area of focus for us. We work with hundreds of thousands in the U.S. and millions overall in the world of selling partners. In this past quarter, 59% of the units sold were from our third-party selling partners, and we work very hard to provide unmatched selection. And that matters a lot to customers.  I think pricing being sharp is always important. But particularly in this type of uncertain economy, where customers are very conscious about how much they're spending, having the millions of deals that we put together with our selling partners in the fourth quarter was an important part of the demand that you saw, and we'll continue to work really hard on being sharp on pricing.  And then just the customer experience improvements that we're working all the time, whether it's adding Buy with Prime that allows Prime users to use their Prime benefits on other websites than just Amazon; or adding RxPass in the health care space, where our Prime customers for $5 a month can get all the medicines they're using in unlimited fashion; or whether it's just even in our apparel business, where when you're looking clothing you might buy, being able to see virtually your shoes with that outfit to see how it looks and it changes your customer experience, your buying experience, we will continue to work very hard on those customer experiences, and we have a lot more planned.
Andrew Jassy: On the first one on grocery, I'd just start by saying that we think grocery is a really important and strategic area for us. It's a very large market segment, and there's a lot of frequency in how consumers shop for grocery. And we also believe that over time, grocery is going to be omnichannel. There are going to be a lot of people that order their grocery items online and have it delivered to them, and there are going to be a lot of people who continue to buy in physical stores. But you're going to also see a hybrid of those, where people pick out what they want online and pick it up in stores, or people are in stores and there's something that's not in inventory in the stores, so they go to their app or to a kiosk and order it to be delivered from online. And so I think having omnichannel is going to really matter.  And I think that we have a pretty significant-sized grocery business. I think people sometimes don't realize that and that we've been building for a long time. It's continuing to accelerate, and I kind of see it broken into a few pieces. If you think about the online grocery offering, we have a very large business there. It looks different from the typical mega physical grocery store. But if you think about the aisles in a grocery store, from packaged food to paper products to canned goods to pet supplies to health and personal care items to consumables, we have a very large business there that continues to grow at a rapid clip and then we think will continue to grow.  But it doesn't have a big market segment share in perishables. And if you really want to have significant market segment share in perishables, you typically need physical stores. And we have kind of 2 different offerings there. For what I think is the very best organic physical store experience and selection, we have Whole Foods, which is a very significant-sized business that's continuing to grow. I really like the progress that, that business has made on profitability in the last year. And I like what I see in front of it, and I think that's a very -- it's a premium product, but it's a significant business. It's a good business for us in the grocery space.  I think if you want to have a mass physical store offering, you need a different offering. And that's what we've been working on with Amazon Fresh, and we have a few dozen stores so far. We're doing a fair bit of experimentation today in those stores to try to find a format that we think resonates with customers. It's differentiated in some meaningful fashion and where we like the economics. And we've been -- we've decided over the last year or so that we're not going to expand the physical Fresh doors until we have that equation with differentiation and economic value that we like, but we're optimistic that we're going to find that in 2023. We're working hard at it. We see some encouraging signs. And when we do find that equation, we will expand it more expansively. But I think that we have a very significant opportunity in the grocery segment. I think we're building a pretty broad grocery network across online and physical, and you're going to see us continue to work on it.
Andrew Jassy: And on the question about international e-commerce, we're very enthusiastic about the business we're building there. I think just perspective, if you look at the compounded annual growth rate from 2019 to '21, in the U.K., it was over 30%; in Germany, it was 26%; in Japan, it was 21%. And the fact that we haven't given back that growth, and these are all net of FX, but if you look at even the last couple of quarters where we're continuing to grow and we haven't given back some of that growth, a meaningful amount of market segment share has shifted to our global established e-commerce territories, and we're excited about that.  Now we're -- at this stage, we're big enough in our developed international territories that when there's something significant happening in the macro, we're going to be impacted as well. And if you just look in Europe as an example, the inflation is higher than most places, and the impact on Europeans for the war in Ukraine is more significant, and also the energy prices and hikes there are more significant. So you can see that in some of our growth numbers.  And then you look at our emerging countries, and these are -- they're all a little bit different in all -- in a little bit different stage as you recognize in the question. But if you look at countries like India and Brazil and the Middle East and Africa and Turkey, Mexico and Australia and a number of those types of countries, we like what we're seeing. They take a certain amount of time. There's a certain amount of fixed investment you have to make when you enter a new geography, and then you have to drive a certain amount of revenue to be able to cover that fixed investment. But they're all on the right trajectory and following trajectories that roughly look like what we saw in North America and our established international geographies, and we think it's the right investment and believe we're going to have a large profitable international e-commerce business.
Andrew Jassy: So I would just add -- I mean, I think Brian covered a bunch of it. I think most enterprises right now are acting cautiously. You see it with virtually every enterprise, and we're being very thoughtful about streamlining our costs as well. And when you are being cautious, you look for ways that you can find -- you can spend less money. And where companies can cost optimize or, in some cases, they may be used to doing analysis over 90 days of information and they say, "Well, can I get away with it for 2 weeks, doing 2 weeks' worth," it's not necessarily the best thing long term. But a lot of companies will do that when they're in uncertain economic situation.  And the reality is that the way that we've built all our businesses, but AWS in this particular instance, is that we're going to help our customers find a way to spend less money. We are not focused on trying to optimize in any one quarter or any one year, we're trying to build a set of relationships in business that outlast all of us. And so if it's good for our customers to find a way to be more cost effective in an uncertain economy, our team is going to spend a lot of cycles doing that.  And it's one of the advantages that we've talked about since we launched AWS in 2006 of the cloud, which is that when it turns out you have a lot more demand than you anticipated, you can seamlessly scale up. But if it turns out that you don't need as much demand as you had, you can give it back to us and stop paying for it. And that elasticity is very unusual. It's something you can't do on-premises, which is one of the many reasons why the cloud is and AWS are very effective for customers.  I think -- and I've spent a fair bit of time with the AWS team on this, and we look closely at what we see. We have a very robust, healthy customer pipeline, new customers, migrations that are set to happen. A lot of companies during times of discontinuity like this will step back and think about what they want to change strategically to be in a position to reinvent their businesses and change their customer experiences more quickly as uncertain economies emerge, and that often means moving to the cloud. We see a number of those pieces as well.  And we're the only ones that really break out our cloud numbers in a more specific way. So it's always a little bit hard to answer your question about what we see. But we, to our best estimations, when we look at the absolute dollar growth year-over-year, we still have significantly more absolute dollar growth than anybody else we see in this space. And I think some of that's a function of the fact that we just have a lot more capability by a large amount, with stronger security and operational performance and a larger partner ecosystem.  So I think it's also useful to remember that 90% to 95% of the global IT spend remains on-premises. And if you believe that, that equation is going to shift and flip, I don't think on-premises will ever go away, but I really do believe in the next 10 to 15 years that most of it will be in the cloud if we continue to have the best customer experience, which we have to work really hard at an event which we're working to do. It means we have a lot of growth in front of us in the AWS business.
Andrew Jassy: Just to add really one piece here, which is just, if you step back and think about a lot of subscription programs, there are a number of them that are $14, $15 a month really for entertainment content, which is more than what Prime is today. If you think about the value of Prime, which is less than what I just mentioned, where you get the entertainment content on the Prime Video side and you get the shipping benefit, the fast shipping benefit you can't find elsewhere and you get the music benefit, you get the Prime Gaming benefit and you get the photos benefit and you get the Buy with Prime capability, use your Prime subscription on websites beyond just Amazon and some of the grocery benefits that we provide, and RxPass like we just launched to get a number of medications people take regularly for $5 a month unlimited, that is remarkable value that you just don't find elsewhere. And we will continue to add things to Prime and continue to experiment with lots of different features and benefits. But it's still early days. And as we continue to make the service better and better and fully featured, we see people continuing to spend more at Amazon across our various businesses. So we're optimistic about it.
Brian Olsavsky: Brian, this is Brian. First, let me just start with your second question. On the -- sorry, can you hear me? On the expectation for retail margins, especially in North America, what we've said is when we look back to our cost structure pre-pandemic, we were just in the end of 2019, early part of 2020. We're just starting to roll out one-day shipping in North America, and we had an expectation of what our cost structure would look like. That has changed quite a bit in the last 3 years now due to a doubling of our network expansion. I think you've heard me tell this story on different calls.  But essentially, we're now trying to, again, regain our cost structure that we've had in the past, balance the -- and get more efficient on the assets we've added in the last 2, 3 years now and also look at all the investment areas that we are working on to drive growth, continuing to look at them where we need to make course corrections, where we need to change things up. And we expect that, again, a lot of the improvement will be in North America operations costs. We made good headway in 2022. We always want to make more, and we're going to be working on this definitely through 2023 and beyond. But we hope to make and expect to make big improvements in 2023.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, let me start. This is Brian. Let me start with that second part. So as I said earlier, we took a $640 million charge tied to the position elimination that we announced in Q4. A lot of that fell into Q1 into mid to late January. So the way to think about it is for the terminations in January, the salaries for the first 3 weeks are covered in operating results for Q1. But the period after that, where there's weeks or months of severance coverage, job placement, a lot of those costs are what the $640 million charge was in Q4. So I hope that helps.
Brian Olsavsky: Thanks, Justin, for your question. This is Brian. Let me start with the -- what we're seeing at the customer level. So as I've mentioned, continuing -- it's across all industries. There are some points of weakness, things like financial services, like mortgage companies that do. As mortgage volumes down, some of their compute challenges or compute volumes are down. Crypto is -- lower trading in crypto. And things tied to advertising, as there's lower advertising spend, there's less analytics and compute on advertising spend as well.  But -- so there's . But by and large, what we're seeing is just an interest and a priority by our customers to get their spend down as they enter an economic downturn. We're doing the same thing at Amazon, questioning our infrastructure expenses as well as everything else. And we -- there's things you can do. You can defer -- you can switch to lower-cost products. You can run calculations less frequently. There's just -- you can do different types of storage on your data. So there's ways to alter your cost and your bill in a short period of time. I think that's what we're seeing. And as I said, we're working with our customers to help them do that. And again, we're seeing ourselves at Amazon. So I'll let Andy add some color on kind of the general trends in AWS, but that's more what we're seeing at the customer level right now.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. Thanks, Ron, for your question. I would say that the Prime membership is -- remains strong and so has the dollars purchased per Prime member. It varies a bit by geography. But in general, if you step back, we had some very large video properties that we had launched last year, Thursday Night Football and Lord of the Rings: Rings of Power. Both of them had record sign-ups for Prime membership. And we know that, again, investments like that will help with not only a new member or new Prime member acquisition, but also retention. And we see a direct link between that type of engagement and higher purchases of everyday products on our Amazon website.  So the health of Prime is very strong. As Andy mentioned earlier, we are continuing to work to get our speed of delivery up to get more one-day shipments. And we think that will also be well received by Prime members. But it's a combination of price selection and convenience. I think we've made inroads on all of them, especially with the third-party selection that's been added over the last few years. So I think testament to that is the sales that we had in the fourth quarter. In a very competitive and deal-driven environment, people came, Prime members and others came to Amazon to do their shopping. So we're encouraged by it.
Brian Olsavsky: So on the AWS growth rate, I'm not sure I can forecast for you with any level of certainty what is going to happen beyond this quarter. You kind of -- this is a bit uncharted territories economically. And as we mentioned, there's some unique things going on with the customer base that I think many in this industry are all seeing the same thing.  So I don't have a crystal ball on that one, but we are going to continue to work for to be there for our customers. And as I said in the earlier comments, we do have new deals. We have new workloads coming to the cloud. The value was there. And whether there's short term, perhaps short-term belt tightening in the infrastructure expense by a lot of companies, I think the long-term trends are still there. And I think the quickest way to save money is to get to the cloud, quite frankly.  So there's a lot of long-term positive in tough economic times. Saw that in 2020 when volumes for customers shifted very quickly. It led to a resurgence after that and probably acceleration of people's journeys to the cloud, and we'll just have to see if that happens again with what we're seeing today.
