Tom Szkutak: Sure. In terms of Kiva itself, we are very very excited to have Kiva as part of the Amazon team. You know we are looking forward to getting great productivity over time through the use. But again it’s very early and you’ll just have to stay tuned in terms of the plan. In terms of the impact, you mentioned Q3. Let me just provide a little bit of data on both Q2 actuals and Q3. In terms GAAP operating income in Q2, it was negative $25 million. For Q3 it’s approximately negative $35 million. And then on the net income for Q2, it was a loss of approximately $65 million. And so those are the numbers for Q2 and Q3. But again we are very very happy to have them part of them and that we look forward to working with them going forward.
Tom Szkutak: Yeah, the bigger issue is not that, it’s related to overall 3P, a number of factors of different factors certainly driving the improvement in product gross margins that you are referring to. But as it relates to 3P, it’s on the broader 3P. So if you take a look at from a units perspective, third party was 40% of our total units in Q2. That’s up from 36%. So it’s approximately 400 basis points increase as a percentage of total units which is certainly one of the factors that you are seeing there.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. You know we are very excited about both the hardware and the content of the business. We think if you take a look at our devices, certainly it’s very integrated, which is great for customers. So we think it’s incredible experience. And so we have been very excited about the progress we have made so far from both a device and content standpoint. And we are super excited about the road map that we have. So again, that’s again, very, very happy with what the team is doing there.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, we are seeing, there is a number of different factors, but certainly one of them is we are getting closer to customers and that’s just with our wide [multitude of film] networks, so that’s really having an impact on that. And again we have a lot of opportunities to improve that overtime, but again the team is making good progress and you are seeing that reflected in the results so far.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of your question on gross margins, we are not breaking that up but certainly 3P is having the impact, mix of businesses having an impact. We continue to try to work with our partners to get even better prices on the goods that we provide for customers which is certainly impacting it. Mix of business things like [AWS] is certainly impacting that as well, given the growth rate there. So, again those are things that are impacting. In terms of sales taxes, any impact that we certainly would expect to see would be included in guidance that we are giving for Q3, but one thing to keep in mind as it relates to that is we right now approximately 50% of our business around the world, we either collect sales tax or value added tax. We have very good businesses in those jurisdictions and so [keep that in mind] you should think about any upcoming changes.
Tom Szkutak: I’ll take international in total first and then, you know that the same is true for media, and really I’ll even start with the total business. Total business grew 32%. One thing to keep this on currency basis, one thing to keep in mind is for both the total business international growth and international media, we had a very, very strong growth last year Q2. In fact our total growth rate last year was 51% for the total business and on a local currency basis that was 44% growth, that’s the highest growth quarter we’ve had in over 10 years. And so when you look at that, when you are comparing ourselves in Q2 this year, we had very good growth given that compare to last year, and that some of which we are seeing also in international media as you mentioned. So, international media was up 8%, on a local currency basis so it was up 12 and certainly it's a challenging compare. Also there were some things just with, as we some timely things as we launched with the unfortunate events in Japan last year, we certainly did have some releases that with scope of relating the quarter obviously didn’t happened, they moved into Q2 just from a supply standpoint those are certainly impacting that region and some other things. So it’s, again, think of it in terms of the comparison point for last year is probably the best thing to do.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. First in terms on mobile. Clearly, smartphones and tablets are a significant tailwind for our business. While we are not breaking out the numbers, it’s a big tailwind on our business and it’s going great. So we are seeing a very nice impact from that and again it’s a tailwind that we expect that will continue. In terms of short term versus long-term, you know we are all about trying to make sure we do the right long-term things for both customers and shareowners. But more specifically around Q3, you know Q3 is similar to Q2 and other previous quarters and that we are investing certainly for the long term. Yet, on the flip side, keep in mind, as you look at Q3 specifically, we are getting ready for a most seasonal quarter and we expect, given the growth that we have had, we are seeing very strong growth so we are investing heavily to get ready for that. In terms of capacity for example, we have announced 18 new fulfillment centers so far this year. We have actually opened eight of those already this year, out of the 18. And we are looking at potentially opening even more than that. I am sorry, six opened so far this year, out of 18. So those are certainly something are impacting the cost so far and you will be seeing that heavier in Q3 as we get ready for the most seasonal quarter.
Tom Szkutak: Yeah. There’s not a lot I can you know help you with there. We are certainly looking as you would expect us to do, ways to continue to grow and certainly that will be part of our strategy.
Tom Szkutak: Got it. You know we, certainly as you look at, I will talk to Q2 since it’s the most recent quarter, but we had a lot of strength across many different areas. One of the ones I mentioned that certainly helped our operating profit as well as our gross margin with the third party business continued to be very very strong. And certainly that was a factor. Again, there was a number of factors. One thing too, you do see some timing differences to some extent between Q2 and Q3 in terms of our prep for Q4, you see that knowing our operating results, but you see that in our CapEx. In the last 90 days ago we said that we would spend approximately 800 to $900 million of CapEx for Q2, we spent little less than 700. You see that number for Q3 being 8 to 900 as well. It's 900 million. So, again those are things that you are seeing just a little bit of a shift between Q2 and Q3 there.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the third party units, certainly FBA is having an impact on that, that’s one of the drivers, certainly that’s helping us have that percentage of total units go up. And we have looked at and we have been working very hard over a number of years on improving the experience for both customers and for sellers and FBA is an example of that. And what ends up happening is FBA sellers wants their part of the program, those units that FBA and our fulfillment network are eligible for all of our programs including free super saver shipping, prime. So, again those are great, certainly that’s a great program for our customers, it's great program for seller and it's great program for investors. And I don’t of it as a bad thing at all, I think of it as a good thing. We have a lot of retail units that we send directly to customers, we are offering a great experience on third party units which includes FBA and a number of other programs that we have. So, again we will continue to try to make that even better for customers overtime, but it's working very well, and again those are the benefit of having third parties on a platform is we get to [equate] some new selection. We also have competing offers directly on our detail pages, so when customers come they get to choose in terms of who they want to purchase from. So, it's a competitive environment on our platform. So, we think that’s great for customers and for us.
Tom Szkutak: LOVEFiLM business is doing very well. It's growing nicely as you mentioned we continue to add content there, and we plan on having more content there overtime. I’m very excited to have that business at part of Amazon and the team is doing great. In terms of LivingSocial there is a not a lot, I can add to it other than what we have disclosed.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of delivery speed to customers, we are certainly trying to get geographically, always trying to get closer to customers, that’s something that’s not new, it's something we have been doing for some time. But in terms of same day, we don’t really see a way to do same day delivery on a broad scale economically. But again we will continue to work on behalf of customers to try to figure out a way to serve them even better by getting product faster but in terms of same day, we don’t see a way to do that on a broad scale economically.
Tom Szkutak: You know as I mentioned earlier, we have -- we do collect in several states within the U.S. We do collect in a number of geographies that have an equivalent value added tax, approximately half for our business. We actually sales tax, the value added tax. We do very good business in those geographies. Those geographies reflected, for the most part, if you go back on the last several years, most of them have been included. We have also certainly added some new geographies or new jurisdictions that we clocked during that time period. But you see that we have seen very very strong growth even while collecting. So we are very supportive of collecting. We think the best way to do that is through a federal solution and we keep working with Congress and others to try to get that passed.
Tom Szkutak: There is not a lot I can add to that. So I can't be that helpful with your question, I apologize. But again, you are right, we do support federal legislation, we are working very hard at that. One thing to keep In mind to, we price our products irrespective of what sales tax is, that’s a customer obligation and so we are pricing products very well. And so that’s not something that we just started doing, that’s something that we have been doing for a long time. And that’s why we have a good business in those geographies and jurisdictions where we do collect. And because customers are coming to us because they want to have value which we offer irrespective of tax, there has been a number of different third parties that have certainly reported on that. They come because they want great convenience, they want obviously great service, and those are things we are focused and those are the things that we believe customers will still want over the long-term and that’s why are focused on those areas.
Tom Szkutak: Keep in mind with international, it’s a mix of geographies and we are -- certainly there are some that we are investing in. We mentioned certainly in other calls, China is an area that is growing very fast but we are certainly in investment mode there. In recent years, we have launched Italy and Spain. We are certainly investing in those geographies and like what we see there. Those are certainly impacting. We are also adding a lot of fulfillment capacity. And so those are the things that are certainly impacting those numbers.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of revenue, we don’t break out the segments in terms of the split. But if you take a look at our guidance, it’s to grow between 19% and 31%. And if you look at the impact of exchange, it’s a little over 400 basis points and so rounded it's just under 36% on the high end and 23% on the low end. And so that’s the range of guidance and so we are certainly pleased with what we saw in Q2 and certainly giving as we have in past quarters a wide range for Q3. In terms of the bottom line, in terms of operating income and CSOI guidance that we have given, as I mentioned earlier, certainly a number of different factors like the last several quarters, as we have been talking about we are certainly investing a lot in the business, but one thing to keep in mind is for the guidance in upcoming quarter to Q3. And we are certainly getting ready given the growth rates we had for our most seasonal quarter, that’s certainly impacting the bottom line in terms of our guidance and as I mentioned earlier we opened a lot of performance centers, adding a lot of capacity for both our web service businesses as well as infrastructure support. Our retail business, so again we are investing across the business which is like all the periods, but again we are getting ready for Q4.
Tom Szkutak: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
