Dave Fildes: Hello, and welcome to our Q3 2022 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2021. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's view as of today, October 27, 2022 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures in our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to-date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions; and customer demand and spending, including the impact of recessionary fears, inflation, interest rates, regional labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce and cloud services, and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. This guidance also reflects our estimates to-date regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including those discussed in our filings with the SEC. Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements. It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. It's Dave here. So I think our current backlog balance for Q3 is $104 billion. So it's about a little less than 60%, I think about 57% up year-over-year. And the new customer pipeline is healthy. I think with a lot of enterprises and customers, they're continuing to put plans in place. I think Brian will talk a little bit about some of the cost optimization in a second. Backlog growth, this figure, it can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter because it is dependent on the commitments that you sign in the period and how those adjust but, yes, $104.3 billion for the end of Q3.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, this is Dave. Ross, you were just asking around AWS. There's nothing really I'd add to what Brian had already said other than he's spoken about. We've seen the year-over-year growth rate come down as the third quarter progressed and exited in sort of the mid-20s growth rate. And so that's informed how we're thinking about the guidance ranges heading into the fourth quarter, but nothing else to add on that.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure thing, Eric. Thanks for your question. As I look ahead to guidance for Q4, I think the biggest individual factor is still going to be foreign exchange. This guidance includes 460 basis points of unfavorable impact year-over-year. FX is a bigger issue for us on our revenue growth in dollars than it is on our income. It actually has a slight favorability due to the investments we're making internationally. But put that aside for a moment. What we saw in Q3 was a really strong July with a great reaction to Prime Day globally. And the resumption of things like in-stock rates are starting to come back, and delivery speed was coming back. And that continued through the quarter, but growth rates started to slow a bit. And primarily in the consumer stores business, it was in international. North America, obviously, it was strong, but it started to slow a bit. But it was mostly in international where we saw the biggest impact, and we think that is tied to a tougher recessionary environment there. Compared to the US, it's worse in Europe right now. The Ukraine war and the energy crisis issues have really compounded in that geography. But when I talk about enterprise customers in AWS, yes, we've been working with customers to lower their bills. Just like all companies, they want to lower their spend when they're faced with uncertainty in the market. I would say one that's real valuable points about cloud computing is that it's turning fixed cost into variable for many of our customers, and we help them save money either through alternative services or Graviton3 chips. There's many ways that we have to help them lower their spending and still get great cost performance ratios. So what we're really excited about the business, both in the long term and even in the short run, you noticed we've added $4.5 billion to the $16 billion base we had of revenue last Q3, so the business is growing in absolute dollars at a really good clip. We do see some of the consumers are cutting their budgets and trying to save money in the short run. I would say that although we had a 28% growth rate for the quarter for AWS, the back end of the quarter, we were more in the mid-20% growth rate. So we've carried that forecast through to the fourth quarter. We're not sure how it's going to play out, but that's generally our assumption. We're excited about the re:Invent conference that's coming up in late November. We expect to have over 40,000 people in Las Vegas and many more tuning in virtually. So continue to drive value for customers with new products, new services and, lately also, additional ways for them to manage their budgets and optimize in what is shaping up as a tough economy.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. I think if you look at our free cash flow, there's multiple factors here. One is the drop-off in income for the trailing 12 months versus the 12 months before it, and a lot of that is driven to things that we've talked about on these calls. Ops cost, we’re still not in a -- our network doubled over the last 2.5 years. While we're making strides in productivity and network optimization, we still work to do there. So we have to get our cost structure back to pre-pandemic levels in a lot of areas of the company and mostly in operations. There's a unique thing going on with inventory right now because we have a lot of weeks of cover mainly due to supply chain issues coming out of Asia primarily and we're seeing with our sellers, too. We just have additional weeks of cover. We think our model reacts quickly to customer demand. This is more about the other side of the equation, the supply chain and having more in stock. So what the issue there is that we generally have a favorable working capital impact from accounts payable that is more days than our inventory. That's been flipping the last year, and we expect that to normalize as we move into 2023. And then CapEx is a big driver. We had, again, a doubling of the network, had very high CapEx the last two years. You'll see that we've lowered CapEx year-over-year. We probably cut about one-third of our budget from what we originally thought for 2022 while still focusing our capital dollars really on the AWS business and increasing customer demand or capacity for increasing customer demand in our stores business. So we're working hard on all those dimensions. And we expect, as we see a recovery in income generation, normalization of the inventory versus accounts payable cycle and efficiency in our CapEx spend, we intend to flip those numbers around.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with AWS. So we did see a deceleration or a drop in op margin sequentially quarter-over-quarter. The broad disclaimer on AWS margins is that they will fluctuate over time as we balance investments versus renegotiating pricing with the long-term customer commitments, all as headwinds to the business, offset by increasing productivity and efficiencies in our data centers, which drive profitability. So there's moving parts there. I'd say what's happening lately is, yes, the stock-based comp. We have seen inflation in our wages this year and particularly on our Czech employees is heavily concentrated in AWS. So that's one element of it. We're also seeing energy costs that are materially higher than they had in pre-pandemic, electricity and the impact of natural gas pricing. So those prices have up more than 2x over the last couple of years and contribute to about 200 basis point degradation versus 2 years ago. So we're fighting through some of that as well, which is a new thing for the AWS business. But we'll continue to look for ways to optimize our operations to use less energy. And as we scale, we'll outrun that growth trajectory. On international, international is always a mix of profitability in more established countries of Europe and Japan, offset by emerging countries and investments in Prime benefits. I think the biggest issue quarter-over-quarter, the increase in losses versus Q2 was tied to some additional operating costs in Europe. We've seen higher fuel costs there, even more certainly in the United States. And Prime Day always has lesser profitability because there's just a lot of deals. And it's a bit of margin from Prime Day in both North America and international. So a big part of that is device sales. And again, we sell a lot of devices during our Prime Day events. We don't make money on the device. We make money on the use of the device. So that always can end up hurting profitability in the quarter. So there are some contributing things. As far as new normal, we're working very hard to make sure that current profitability is not the new normal, and we'll see how quickly we can make improvements. A lot of the improvements that I talked about on a macro level, capital efficiency, operations improvements are as important internationally as they are in North America.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. And your first question about cost optimization, first, there are some industries that have lower demand that's showing up in our volumes as probably like other companies as well, things like financial services, the mortgage business being down, cryptocurrencies being down. We're very strong in some of those industries, and that's part of it. But basically, what we see is customers are looking to save money versus their committed spend. We have options for them to do that. They can manage workloads better. They can switch to lower-cost products that have different performance profiles. They can switch to Graviton chips that have higher cost performance ratios. So, all really good things for the customer and for Amazon long-term. Again, we think the benefit of cloud computing is really showing up right now, because we allow customers to turn what can normally be a fixed expense into a variable expense, and they can let us manage the highs and lows of inflation and other cost of electricity and everything else. And they can get about to do their business using our services in a very highly secure way. So, I think just like in 2020, these time periods are good for long-term adoption on cloud computing. But the offset in the short run is that some companies have demand that drops. I think what was different in 2020 was there were companies that went down and there's companies that went up quite a bit that were servicing high volumes during the pandemic. So, that dynamic is not in place right now, and I think everyone is just cautious and they want to, again, watch their spend. And as CFO, I appreciate that, and we're doing the same thing here at Amazon.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with the holiday. So, we're ready to roll. We've got the best selection we've ever had. In-stock levels are really high. Delivery speeds are getting very close to where we want them to be. And we're ready to have a really good holiday season with our consumers this year. And the Prime Early Access sale, I think, created great value for consumers. It allowed them to get a jump on some of their purchases for the holiday and also just find some great deals. So, we're happy with that effort. And the teams that put that together worked very hard this year to hold two large Prime events within four months. So, we're very optimistic about the holiday. But we're realistic that there's various factors weighing on people's wallets, and we're not quite sure how strong holiday spending will be versus last year. And we're ready for a variety of outcomes. But we know the consumers when they're looking for good deals, and that positions us well. Advertisers are looking for effective advertising. And our advertising is at the point where consumers are ready to spend. So we have a lot of advantages that we feel that will help both consumers and also our partners like sellers and advertisers. So the seller in-stock is very high. We've had great in-stocks from our FBA sellers. And so we're ready to go. And we're very optimistic about the fourth quarter, just realistic about whether we may have a range of outcomes that we just have to be ready for when we are. On the cost structure initiatives, I think you're primarily talking about the operations world. We made -- there's three large buckets there, as I've said in the past, productivity, fixed cost leverage and inflation. On productivity, made good strides, but there's still a lot of work to do there and we know the job ahead of us. It's hard to improve productivity much in the fourth quarter, because it's just a period of like maximum stress on the operations, and we're trying to fulfill every order in a very quick way. But we’re -- our goal is to leave ourselves in a really good, strong condition for a fast start on a lot of initiatives in Q1 of next year. On fixed cost leverage, we've taken steps to alter our forward plan and take CapEx out. A lot of the CapEx we spend in any given year is feeding future years' capability. And we've tightened that up. We feel good about the arc of demand versus supply that we have in our fulfillment and transportation area. Inflation is a wildcard. We do as much as we can to save money in an inflationary environment. We've looked to make sure that our trucks are fully utilized as best we can, preventing long-zone shipments, things that like use a lot of fuel or use a lot of trucking or use a lot of shipments from other parts of the world. So we're working under the umbrella of not having it impact the customer. We're working very hard to save that. Those challenges will be there through the end of the year, and we'll be working on them definitely in the first half of next year as well. So we'll keep you posted as we have these quarterly calls on our progress and where we see opportunities.
