Brian Olsavsky: Doug, yes, we have historically always mentioned that. You have seen like a pendulum shift sometimes between profitability and investment. I think we're at the stage now where we're doing both at the same time continually, so we are more apt to talk about the specific investments that we're making and how that might impact our short-term outlook. So if you look at the progress we've made on operating income and free cash flow over really the last 18 months, a lot of it's driven by improvements in our stores business, lower cost to serve. We've talked about regionalization efforts and how that's moving into inbound areas now. Advertising has been growing strong and AWS has been strong. And you saw AWS margins increased 800 basis points sequentially off Q4. A lot of that's driven by cost controls and expanding revenue on the top line and lower cost structure throughout the company. We do see, though, on the CapEx side that we will be meaningfully stepping up our CapEx and the majority of that will be in our -- to support AWS infrastructure and specifically generative AI efforts. So I would expect that, that will increase -- it will increase depreciation, definitely in that segment. On the -- well, we're talking about CapEx. Right now, in Q1, we had $14 billion of CapEx. We expect that to be the low quarter for the year. As Andy said earlier, we are seeing strong demand signals from our customers and longer deals and larger commitments, many with generative AI components. So those signals are giving us confidence in our expansion of capital in this area. And as he also mentioned, we've done this for 18 years. We invest capital and resources upfront. We create capacity very carefully for our customers. And then we see the revenue, operating income and free cash flow benefit for years to come after that, with strong returns on invested capital. So a little bit of a long-winded answer to your question. But yes, we have -- the main issue that we'll see in the near term is additional CapEx and we've talked about that. And we continue to see strong CapEx performance in our stores business. Most of that will be related to modest capital or capacity increases, in addition to our same-day fulfillment network and some Amazon Logistics upgrades to the fleet. But for the most part, what you'll see is really going to be on the AWS side. 
Brian Olsavsky: Brian, this is Brian. I will start with your second question. So as far as dividends or buybacks or any other capital structure moves, we don't have anything to share with you on that today. But I'll reacquaint you with our general philosophy. So our first priority is to invest in -- to support the growth opportunities and long-term investments within our businesses. And generally, we still have many opportunities to put that capital to use that would generate meaningful returns, especially as you heard in generative AI. So we're very -- we have a great deal of passion on that and conviction on that as well. We are reaching a different stage of free cash flow. As you mentioned, we had negative free cash flow for 2 years, '21 and '22, immediately after the pandemic as we had doubled the size of our operations network and had a lot of other expenses. That was followed by 2023 when we had our largest -- our highest free cash flow ever. And those trends have carried into Q1. So we feel good about the free cash flow. We are, again, still anticipating higher CapEx this year. The other thing that we're doing with cash flow right now is we're repaying some of the debt that we had taken on during that negative free cash flow period. We have reached a high watermark at the end of Q1 last year. And since then and then through this year, we'll pay that down over $25 billion. So that's our first priority as well as 2024 capital expenditures. But otherwise, nothing to share on that front. I'll tee up, Andy, on the stores profitability because I know there's always generally the comment about how high can operating margins go and how do they compare to historic trends. And I think the same still holds. We look back to before the pandemic, and we say, first, we can achieve those operating margins even without the impact of advertising. And we're not quite there yet. But we're not limiting ourselves to that. We're looking for ways to, again, turn over every rock, look at every process and everything that we do on the logistics side and see how can we get our cost structure down and how can we get speed up and selection up. So it is working on a lot of fronts there, but cost is certainly front and center as we meet and improve customer experience. 
Brian Olsavsky: Thank you, Ron. I'm going to start with this one on international profitability. So yes, in the quarter, our operating income was $902 million. And if you've watched that, we've seen a steady progression in operating income in our international segment, it's up $2.2 billion year-over-year. So we like the trend there. It breaks down into a few areas. I would say the established countries of Europe, Japan, as well as the U.K. are following a lot of the same trajectory as in the United States. They are profitable in their own right. They are adding selection, they're adding new features like grocery there, adding to their Prime benefits, and a lot of the work that we do in the United States carries over there.  The second group is the emerging countries. And of course, we've launched 10 new countries in the last 7 years. Each of those has its own particular trajectory on profitability. The first thing we see there is having a good customer experience, having people sign up for Prime. A lot of times, our Prime Video benefits help with that. Then work on our cost structure as we get scale, add advertising and other things. And eventually, what we see is a breakeven -- countries breakeven and then they make positive income and free cash flow and are more of a contribution to the -- positive contribution to the international segment. So we're seeing both the emerging and the established improving, and we like the trajectory. And I think you'll see more of as we move forward. 
Andrew Jassy: Yes, I just would add briefly, just to summarize. I understand where the question is coming from, Doug. And I think we're in a position to do both is the short answer. I think there's actually an opportunity in our existing large businesses in the stores business along with advertising and AWS. There's a lot of growth in front of us. And I think we're investing in a meaningful way. But I think we also -- we've been pretty consistent about don't believe that we're at the end of what we can do in terms of improving our cost structure on the store side. Yes, I think there are really unbelievable growth opportunities in front of us. And I think what people sometimes forget on the AWS side, it's a $100 billion revenue run rate business, that we're still 85-plus percent of the global IT spend is on premises. And if you believe that equation is going to flip, which we do, it means we have a lot of growth in front of us, and that's before the generative AI opportunity, which I don't know if any of us have seen a possibility like this in technology in a really long time, for sure, since the cloud, perhaps since the Internet. And unlike in the cloud where so much -- there's a lot of work to be done to move from on-premises to the cloud, people do it and they get value out of it, which is why they modernize their infrastructure. But it's work. All of this generative AI set of workloads, which will transform every experience they're going to be built from scratch on the cloud largely. And so it's just tremendous opportunities there along with some of the other areas that we're investing that are really early stage. So I think it's both for us. 
Andrew Jassy: Well, Ross, I would tell you that we have seen kind of 3, I'll call it, macro trends that I think are contributing to AWS' performance, at least in the last quarter. I think first of all, I think the lion's share of cost optimization is behind us. So I think companies will be smart and have learned a lot over the last number of months in how they run their infrastructure in the cloud. But I think the lion's share of the cost optimization is behind us. And I think people have moved to newer initiatives that I would, at a macro level, describe as modernizing their infrastructure and then trying to drive value at a generative AI. On the former, I think we were on this march before the pandemic, where most companies were trying to figure out how to move from on-premises to the cloud because it's more cost-effective and it's faster to innovate and they get real developer productivity. And then when the pandemic hit and people were in survival mode and the uncertain economy, you let people save costs wherever they could, and they got distracted on that. But they're back to pursuing and figuring it out because it's low-hanging fruit for them, and we see very significant growth in that space.  And at the same time, we're seeing very significant momentum in people trying to figure out how to run their generative AI on top of AWS. I mentioned we have a multibillion-dollar revenue run rate that we see in AI already, and it's still relatively early days. And I think that there's -- at a high level, there's a few things that we're seeing that's driving that growth. I think first of all, there are so many companies that are still building their models. And these range from the largest foundational model builders like Anthropic, you mentioned, to every 12 to 18 months or building new models. And those models consume an incredible amount of data with a lot of tokens, and they're significant to actually go train. And a lot of those are being built on top of AWS, and I expect an increasing amount of those to be built on AWS over time because our operational performance and security and as well as our chips, both what we offer from NVIDIA. But if you take Anthropic, as an example, they're training their future models on our custom silicon on Trainium. And so I think we'll have a real opportunity for a lot of those models to run on top of AWS. I think the thing that people sometimes don't realize is that while we're in the stage that so many companies are spending money training models, once you get those models into production, which not that many companies have, but when you think about how many generative AI applications will be out there over time, most will end up being in production when you see the significant run rates. You spend much more in inference than you do in training because you train only periodically, but you're spinning out predictions and inferences all the time. And so we also see quite a few companies that are building their generative AI applications to do inference on top of AWS. And a lot of it has to do with the services. And the primary example we see there is how many companies, tens of thousands of companies, already are building on top of Amazon Bedrock, which has the largest selection of large language models around and a set of features that make it so much easier to build a high-quality, cost-effective low latency, production-grade generative AI applications. So we see both training and inference being really big drivers on top of AWS. And then you layer on top of that the fact that so many companies, their models and these generative AI applications are going to have their most sensitive assets and data. And it's going to matter a lot to them what kind of security they get around those applications. And yes, if you just pay attention to what's been happening over the last year or 2, not all the providers have the same track record. And we have a meaningful edge on the AWS side so that as companies are now getting into the phase of seriously experimenting and then actually deploying these applications to production, people want to run their generative AI on top of AWS. 
Andrew Jassy: Yes. Thanks for the question, Youssef. I think that it's interesting what's happening with our -- the business we're building in third-party logistics. And it really kind of, in some ways, mirrors some of the other businesses we've gotten involved in, AWS being an example of it, even though it's -- they're very different businesses in that we realized that we had our own internal need to build a bunch of these capabilities. And we figured that there were probably others who had those same needs and we decided to build services out of them. So as our business has grown, it turns out to be pretty hard work to actually import items from overseas, get them through customs and through the border and then ship them from that point to various facilities. And then it turns out that you don't want to store those facilities in fulfillment centers because that space is really scarce. So you'd like to have them in upstream storage facilities that are very inexpensive. And then you'd like to have a way to be able to know when your more scarce supply in the fulfillment centers needs replenishment and be able to do it automatically from those upstream storage facilities. And so all of those were capabilities that we had to build for ourselves to be able to operate our stores business in the way that we wanted to and that our sellers wanted to. And so we built that capability for ourselves first and then we opened up those services as individual services to our sellers. And so we help sellers, we have a service that allows them to get items through the border and through customs. We have a service that allows them to ship from customs to various facilities, whether they're our own or their separate ones. We allow them to store items in our upstream low-cost warehouses that they can either automatically replenish into our fulfillment centers where we ship or they can move to other facilities that they have. We have a service that lets them -- where we'll ship either to our end customers if they're selling on Amazon or to their end customers. We obviously have Buy with Prime, where we enable our Prime customers to be able to buy from our third-party Buy with Prime sellers websites, which increases their conversion 25% versus what they would do on their own, and it's a great benefit for our Prime customers. And then I would say that supply chain with Amazon is really an abstraction on top of those individual building block services I just mentioned that makes it easier for customers to have the whole end-to-end supply chain integrated. That collective set of businesses is growing very significantly. It's already what I would consider a reasonable sized business. And I think it's just really early days. It is not something that we anticipate being a giant capital expense driver for us. We have to build a lot of those capabilities anyway to handle our stores business, and we think we can -- it will be a modest increase on top of that to accommodate third-party sellers. But are third-party sellers find high value in us being able to manage those components for them versus having to do it themselves and they save money in the process. 
Andrew Jassy: Yes. I'll take them in opposite order just on Prime Video ads. Very early days, just launched a few months ago. It's off to a really good start. I think advertisers are excited about being able to expand their ability to advertise with us in video beyond Twitch and Freevee to Prime Video shows and movies. I think they also find that the relevancy and the measurability of that type of advertising and Prime Video ads is unique for them. So it's off to a very good start, it's early days, but we're optimistic there. On grocery, I would tell you that we continue to be optimistic about what we're doing in grocery. We have a very large grocery business. It's kind of got a few different components. And we have a very, very significant nonperishables grocery business much the same way that the mass merchandisers entered this business 30 or 40 years ago. These are consumables and canned goods and pet food and health care and beauty products. That continues to grow at a very rapid rate. And we have an organic grocery business in Whole Foods Market, which is the pioneer in that space. And that business continues to grow very nicely. We're introducing a new smaller format in the fall in Manhattan and the Whole Foods Market Daily Shops idea. We've worked very hard on the profitability trajectory over the last 18 months and like the way that, that has taken shape. And then if you want to have -- do you want to serve as many grocery missions as we aim to serve. You have to have a perishables business and a mass physical presence. And that's what we've been working on with Amazon Fresh. We've launched our V2 format in physical stores over the last few months, primarily in Chicago and Southern California. We like the early results a lot. They're really meaningfully better in almost every dimension. It's still early, and there's some things to work through, but we like what we're seeing there. And then we have to decide the best way to roll those out over time. And as you mentioned, Justin, we just launched a Prime benefit for grocery, which is all-you-can-eat delivery for $9.99 a month, which if you order once from Whole Foods a month, it pays for itself, or once from Amazon Fresh for orders under $40, it pays for itself. It's a very valuable offering for our Prime members, and it's off to a great start. So we have a lot -- in my opinion, we have lots of ways that we can continue to help customers satisfy their grocery needs. And we have some building blocks that I think might also change how people split up their grocery orders over time. But I continue to be optimistic that, that's going to continue to grow for us. 
Andrew Jassy: Yes. I would add a few things. I mean, I'm again quite bullish on our international stores business. It's already a very large business. We've added a number of countries that are on the right trajectory, as Brian just indicated, and it's going to be a big, profitable business for us. And I really like the direction it's headed. I'll take also just the second part of your question just really around continuing to take -- to work on cost structure. I'd say, first of all, on the regionalization side, which we've talked a lot about the last year, it may sound a little boring to talk about because we talked about it a lot of times. But I'd just tell you that we're not done there. A lot of the work that we've done, we still have opportunities to refine, to get more value out of that. And a lot of what we learned on the regionalization side in the U.S. was in part inspired from what we saw in Europe, which, in many ways, is set up as a regional network because of the nature of how close those countries are to one another. And I would say we have also learned lessons from what we've done in the U.S. that we're going to be able to apply to our international operations as well. I think we see additional opportunities in all sorts of places. A good example of which is just how and where we inbound items to. The architecture we've had set up has largely had people inbounding to a couple of places. And then we took -- we spent a lot of effort and time and expense in breaking those down and shipping them to lots of other places. And we believe we're going to be much more efficient in how we use the inbound network and how we partner with our sellers. Part of what we did with our change in seller fees, we lowered the outbound fees in a meaningful way, but then we added an incentive for our sellers to inbound into locations that allow us to be more cost following and allow both our sellers and us to enjoy in those cost savings when we're able to do so. And we're seeing very optimistic signs there, too. I think we're still early with respect to how we can continue to optimize the number of units per box, which has all sorts of good benefits. And then I'd just also say that it's been really interesting to watch the same-day facilities evolution in our fulfillment network. And I think a lot of people have made the assumption over the last few years that faster speeds are going to mean higher cost, and that is not the case if you build the infrastructure with the right building blocks the way we have over the last couple of years. And our same-day facilities are our least expensive facilities in the network. We still have a fraction of the number of those that we will have in the U.S. that we'll have in other parts of the world, which will, again, both change our cost structure while increasing speed. So I don't think we're at the limits of what we can do. It's not going to all happen in 1 year. We're going to be working hard at this and inventing at this for several years, but I think we have a lot of upside in front of us. 
