Sean Boyle: Hello and welcome to our Q4 2012 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, January 29, 2013 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Sean Boyle: Great, thanks, Tom. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call. Operator, will you please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.
Sean Boyle: Okay. Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of the fulfillment question, you are right in terms of over the past few years, we have expanded in our fulfillment network pretty extensively to the point where we are closer to customers and you are seeing that reflected in our transportation cost, you can obviously see the fulfillment expense is certainly not fixed in terms of absolute terms but you can see that we had 20 fulfillment centers last year and that’s reflected in the operating expense that you are seeing. But that is a benefit of having adding to our fulfillment center network. We get closer and closer to customers with a lot of great selection. So you are seeing that reflected in the individual of business gross margins, which shows up as benefits of transportation cost. In terms of other opportunities, certainly there are a number of opportunities as we invest in individual customer experience areas across the business. Many of those would be on our website. We have a relatively fixed expense as we launch those and we amortize those costs over our full customer base. So as they grow to become more effective on a per unit or per customer basis. So there is a number of opportunities that we have had and will have going forward to do that.
Thomas Szkutak: We did see, you know, a good expansion as you mentioned in 3P, a third-party units as a percentage of total units increased from 36% last year Q4 to 39% on expansion of approximately 300 basis points. Our overall unit growth rate for the quarter in total was 32%. Our third-party growth rate was in excess of 40%, so, again, nice growth. You are certainly seeing it in a number of areas. You see it certainly in our EGM business look. If you look at our North America growth rates are unique and see that our revenues, up 23% but our third-party, our total unit growth rate was a substantially faster than that, and our third-party units were growing very fast there as well, so there's a number of differently that you are seeing that, but certainly you are seeing it there.
Thomas Szkutak: There is not a lot I can comment on in terms of our plans similar to last year no as we progress through the year, we can give you further updates on what we plan to do there. Last year, we opened up 20 new fulfillment centers, and so we saw in a very rapid growth in fulfillment capacity last year, and stay tuned and we'll let you know more as the year progress there.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of unit growth, there's not a lot more I can add to it. We did see very strong, we saw substantially unit growth and revenue growth in terms of the paid unit growth in Q4 unit, which we are seeing very strong third-party growth as well, was up over 40%. In terms of investment cycle, I wouldn't read into anything related to that. We will still be adding capacity during 2013 in terms of the levels of how much we'll add. As I mentioned earlier in the call, just stay tuned and we will let you know as the year progresses.
Thomas Szkutak: I am not really sure how best to answer your question. I mean, we certainly have expanded pretty dramatically over the past really coming out of 2009 between 2010, 2011 and 2012. We've rapidly increase our footprint globally. Your comment was more directed towards the U.S., but we have also rapidly increased our footprint in the U.S. As a result of that, your book category selection, a much broader selection closer to customers as you would expect with this rapid increase. We have also expanded selection during that time period. So we continue to be in the locations we would like to be in and we will continue to expand our footprint over time and become even closer and closer to customers. Beyond that there is not a lot I can add.
Thomas Szkutak: There is some variation by business but certainly that we attempt to do as from my pricing standpoint, is to try to be agnostic. That is really how we run the business. Again, this is on a third-party versus retail. Then, we have also added certainly a lot of other services over the past year in terms of fulfillment. So it really depends upon where we are in the investment cycle, what our utilization is. As you know, certainly as you look at the last few years, we have been in very heavily expanding in terms of fulfillment capacity because of the growth that we have been experiencing that certainly would put pressure on our overall cost structure. Certainly as a per unit basis because we are not giving the productivity. We don’t get the full productivity for a number of years after expanding. So depending on what type of customer is, you know, whether it is a retail unit, a straight third-party units or NFPA unit but again we are certainly attempting this on a product basis to be roughly agnostic.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of attach rates, we haven’t given a lot of detail but I think one thing certainly to look at, and it doesn’t give any attach rate, but it gives you at least a sense of the health of the business, the number that was in the release today. We sure have a multi-billion-dollar e-book business, growing approximately 70% year-over-year, total year last year. That’s growing at that rate after really just launching the business approximately five years ago. So it’s a pretty good healthy growth rate five years in. We are seeing good, I can't give you specific numbers but we have seen very good progress on a number of our other digital media categories. Video, I talked about a little bit earlier, we are seeing Prime customers. Certainly the percentage of Prime customers who were watching free content through Prime Instant Videos has gone up dramatically year-over-year. We have also increased Prime membership dramatically, year-over-year. They are also purchasing a paid content. Those customers that are using this, they watch free but they are also paying for new content which is great. We have launched a number of new services on the music side. Most recently, our CD with free MP3, which we have on many titles. It's still very early but we certainly like that service and pleased to offer to customers. So I can't give you specific for attach rates but the business is making good progress on the video content side. Again it's still very early.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. Just in terms of overall selection, as we added to Prime, what I was talking about earlier in terms of having a more expanded footprint is, there's no unit question that's helping us add additional selection more economically to Prime. And so on, that's both in terms of third-party selection as well as our retail selection and so that's something that we know continue to have the benefit of as we get more and more members in Prime and have the bigger, bigger concentration of two-day shipping U.S. for that. So, we did add the shipping portion FBA fees in Q1 of 2012 and we see some benefit year-over-year, but we are still seeing leverage in terms of, you know, ex the FBA fees quite a bit leverage there, so we I do not have a specific number for you there, but yes we are still seeing quite a bit of leverage there, ex the re-class that you are referring to.
Thomas Szkutak: If you take a look at our growth rate, where we think the growth rate for Q4 was solid. It was up 23% on revenue basis quite a bit higher than on a unit growth basis up 32% year-over-year. In terms of some of the things that we saw and we again we saw solid growth across many different categories and geographies year-over-year. Certainly some things to call out in terms of things that may have been a little bit softer. A few examples would be, we did see some of the higher average selling price items, particularly the items greater than $1,000 a little bit softer, a few of the consumer electronics, you subcategories like TVs, MP3 players digital cameras to some extent were softer. But, again, with the base that we have in Q4, still very solid growth. Another one, certainly we are thrilled to have a Paperwhite in our lineup best e-reader that's out there and we are very pleased with it, but we couldn't keep up with demand. We would have had more sales in Q4 for able to keep up with demand and so the team is working very hard to make sure we have good in-stock going forward on that product, but we certainly could have sold more in Q4.
Thomas Szkutak: We will continue to expand our selection, both in terms of Amazon Instant Video as well Prime Instant Video and we will do that in a number of different ways. We think we have a very interesting selection right now and you should expect that will be spending more on content as it relates to Prime over time. We will continue to add selection on the Instant Video. Beyond that, you have to stay tuned.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of the AWS business, the business is growing very fast. We have increased the number of services pretty dramatically over the past several years. The team is doing a fantastic job there. We will continue to innovate on behalf of customers in that space. There is a number of other things that go into that line item. Some are credit card as well as other marketing revenue goes in there. But again, AWS is in that line item.
Thomas Szkutak: There are not a lot of specifics. We have long been in the practice of not talking about trends in within the quarter in terms of year-over-year growth or anything like that. Obviously the Q4 is very seasonal. December is, by far, the largest the month followed by November but in terms of individual growth rates, we don’t have a lot of comments there. In terms of international, yes, there certainly are geographies that we are investing in heavily. Certainly China would be one. Some of the European countries including some of the new launches that we are investing in. Those are certainly, you are seeing those represented in those segment results.
Thomas Szkutak: Yes, there is not a particular call out that I could make on that. The only thing that I would, in terms of the change I am referring to, but in terms of the difference between two, keep in mind that, a couple of factors. One, mix of business is a little bit different. Our AWS businesses is in North America segment. You also have some newer geographies. Or geography that I shouldn’t say are necessarily newer but geographies that we are investing in heavily that have a longer-term horizon for returns, the ones I mentioned earlier. So those are factors as you look at the two different segments.
Thomas Szkutak: Yes. It causes we haven't broken out the first-party versus third-party units since it's something we have done for that's only I am today or we have done in previous calls, so it's not I can help you with there.
Thomas Szkutak: There's not a lot I can specifically talk about as it relates to LivingSocial beyond, what's on our result today and what we'll have in our 10-K, which we filed soon, and so I would encourage you take a look at in our full disclosures related to that. But in terms of local, there certainly is still a very interesting opportunity there. We do have a couple, we have an investment in LivingSocial, we also have a local business ourselves. So, it's an interesting opportunity, it's a long-term opportunity in and we will continue to work on that customers to make that experience even better and you should think about it, not unlike a lot of the other businesses that we invest in with over long-term horizon and it's not very early there.
