Tom Szkutak: Sure. On Prime Now, we don’t have specific metrics we want to share today. But we have expanded to seven cities with more on the way. Customers are really enjoying the one hour and two delivery of tens of thousands of daily essential products. So the response has been great. We will point out that our operations network that was – has been building for the last 20 years helps make Prime Now a viable proposition for us and scale makes a possible. So really so far customer responses are great.
Tom Szkutak: And just to add on to that, we're – we gave metrics last quarter about Prime. It’s growing very fast. As Brian said, we're feeding the platform and certainly common thing with category expansion, new FCs, original content, Prime Instant Video devices, Prime Now. The common theme is they are all really intertwined with Prime and inextricably to our consumer business in Prime. So it’s just we're happy to do it. And the last quarter we gave an indication of the growth rates after being added for 10 year. So we're super excited to have the platform and to continue to invest in it.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the growth for total international, just maybe some comments first about the current quarter and then I'll elaborate little bit further. But the growth was down 2% on a dollar basis, up 14% on local currency basis. So we did see a little bit of improvement in terms of growth rate acceleration versus last couple of quarters. And in addition to the things that Brian mentioned earlier about the Prime platform, that’s something that we're doing globally. And so we're certainly – all those things we're working on globally. So those are things that at least in most geographies we have today. One thing to keep in mind also, as you look at growth rate for Q1, is last year Q1 we talked about in April 1st there was a consumption tax increase in Japan. We had some –we think some pre-buys in Q1 and we're overlapping that in Q1 of this year. So it’s a headwind if you think about it for Q1. But we're looking – we think there is still a big opportunity, as we mentioned last call, big opportunity with Prime. Prime is growing at a faster rate. We think there is still a great opportunity to add unique selection to – for category expansion. And again, so we're going to continue feed the Prime platform as we talked about, continue to add selection in a lot of categories. We're also very excited about India, if you take a look at our results for – from an operating profit standpoint, you see that it was approximately negative 76 million on a dollar basis. If you back out exchange that’s approximately breakeven, included in there we certainly have a sizeable step up in investment in India. And we're super excited from what we see there right now. We think its very big opportunity and we're investing appropriately for that big opportunity. So those are some of things that we're working on and we think there – we still have a lot of opportunity there moving forward.
Tom Szkutak: To answer you first question, yes, they are, the associated infrastructure cost to run our North America and International consumer business those costs, those infrastructure costs are being allocated to those segments. The second question in terms of China, its early, we're liking – certainly some of things that we're seeing there, but there is not a lot I can add to that at this stage.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, I think the best way to think about it is, we certainly have an advertising part of our North American consume segments. But the way you should think about it is, we are making some great investments for the long-term and that’s really what's reflected in the operating results that you are seeing in terms of – so it is certainly impacting the operating margins both for North American and International. So it’s the things that we – both Brian and I talked about that we're doing globally to support Prime platform all of those things that we mentioned, video content, original content, Prime Now, category expansion, investing on behalf of FBA, which also helps Prime devices. Those are all intertwined and certainly part of that. And then some of the things outside of that are more specifically related to International in addition to those are some of geographic stuff that we talked about. So I think you should think about it that way that certainly think its big opportunity and again, one of the reasons I want to give you an update, last quarter on Prime growth and you can see that that’s going very well. And so we're feeding that and that’s what we have been doing and that’s what you see also and certainly results that you are seeing today.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, in terms of International, we're not breaking out individual country results. The one thing that could mentioned around from a country perspective was India in terms of which – it certainly stepped up our investment. And if you look at it year-over-year, so that’s certainly reflected in the numbers that you are seeing. In terms of AWS, we've had 48 price decreases since inception. The team is doing a terrific job in terms of working on behalf of customers to pass on savings as they see it. But in terms of any comment on what to expect going forward there is not really much to add there.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of your first question, specifically related to North America, one of the – our comments we made last quarter that we disclosed was, we disclosed the growth rate globally, as well as the growth rate in the US. And the growth rate in US after 10 years is up 50%, it was 50% year-over-year. And so 2014 versus 2013 in terms of Prime membership and that’s after a price increase on Prime from 79 to 99. And so, it gives you a feel for the work that we put into Prime to make that experience great for customers and the value that we are giving them. So again, given that growth. And so, that’s what – that’s certainly one of the things that gives us comfort, but when we look at the individual pieces we like what we see, so in other words, some of the investments we're making, I think as we've talked about in the past, I'll give one example would be video content, both original and license content. We mentioned last call that we spent approximately $1.3 billion on content globally for Prime customers and what we've seen and to date is was certainly still an investment for us, its certainly impacting our operating results, but we like what we see. We see customers who come in through our free trial pipeline if you will for video content. They convert it at a higher rate. We see – we have a great retention of Prime members, but those who scream actually, we retain those at a higher rate and we bring in new customers through our video pipeline. The purchasing pattern that we have for those customers is very similar to those who come in from other pipeline. So in other words, they are buying very good from a physical product standpoint, as well as digital. So they are buying a diverse set of products. So in other words, this video content that we're spending is helping us customers who buy consumable from us, they will buy clothing from us, they will buy shoes from us, they will buy electronics, they will buy media items. So that’s what we're seeing and so again it’s some of these things are very early. We'll have to over time how efficient they are, but each period we go we keep the data that we see we're encouraged. And so that’s just one example. But that’s why we're investing a lot in Prime and we think it’s a great – the Prime platform if you will, and we think it’s a great opportunity and again as I mentioned earlier all these things we're investing in are very intertwined.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, the – thanks for the question Mark. Just in terms of going forward, we're not giving any specific guidance, beyond the current quarter. So I can't predict for you what could happen. But what you mentioned is, and some of the periods you were describing as you mentioned what our business look like, several years ago when we Prime was nascent and we were early – a bit earlier business. And so we go through different cycles. We're certainly still investing very heavily. That being said, we – as I mentioned last quarter, we're spending time on making sure that we get productivity. So we're working on both investing heavily in the business, we're working on fixed and variable productivity in other areas, putting a lot more energy into it. That’s what's helping us with the improvement that Prime mentioned in terms of operating margins year-over-year, it’s a number of different aspects, but certainly mix of business and some productivity is certainly impacting that. But again we think there is opportunities to improve margins over time, you'll have to stay tuned on that to see what it looks like. But we certainly as you can see from not only results, but some of the data points that we've given over the last several quarters we are investing heavily in the business, again, because we like what we see and Prime growing so dramatically globally after being in it for long time and we think that that’s a great platform to feed.
Tom Szkutak: Justin I'll take the AWS portion of the question first. So our model over the long-term really has been to innovate and to use our scale and position to be able to pass savings along to customers. And so we've had 48 price decreases since we launched. As I talked about earlier, that’s one factor customers save a lot of money, but the primary motivator is really around the innovation that AWS enables and the ability for developers to move really quickly.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, I'll take that one. We certainly as I said earlier, we see this as a natural extension of our existing infrastructure investments we've – the 109 fulfillment centers, again very close to customers. It allows us and locks for a same day and next-day deliveries. And to its extreme one hour and two hour deliveries as you've seen with Prime now. So we're not forecasting or giving much more on that, but we definitely see it as a valuable customer’s proposition, customers and braced it. Again, smaller number of azans [ph] ten to thousands of azans are available for one, two hour delivery and generally in the category, essential products that you would need in short time period.
Tom Szkutak: Yes. Thank you for the question. They are very different, you'll see the growth rate in India is very rapid. We talked about last year and its increasing investment. I think the biggest differences there focused on sellers and the connection of sellers. A big part of the challenge there is helping sellers all across India to succeed and grow their online businesses, you'll see from our press release that we've launched a new apps for that. So that helps them manage our inventory better and also respond to customer inquires. So that’s probably the biggest difference that we see between India and China. But and still very, very early on in India.
Tom Szkutak: We spent a tremendous amount of time on our seller business over the years and trying to improve both the experience for sellers, as well as customers. And we've done a lot of interesting things to help sellers and that’s why you see the results that we're seeing today 44% of our units today, as of this quarter, our third party units, that’s up about 400 basis points from last year. Certainly one of the things that we've talked about its most, that’s notable is fulfillment by Amazon. And so the benefit for sellers is they get to take advantage of our multi newer fulfillment network globally, we have a 109 fulfillment centers globally, as well as our customers get to take advantage of that as prime numbers where we offer in those geography. So it’s really a great benefit for sellers, its good for sellers, its good for customers and we believe good for share owners too. So again, we're very excited, number of different things we're working on, but certainly one of the drivers along with all of the things that I mentioned is certainly FBA is very helpful.
Tom Szkutak: So Mark, I can't comment on the derive number, but I can say that FBA continues to grow really well, it’s become a bigger and bigger part of our third party mix over the years. I think we gave you an update in Q4 that it was more than 40% of our third party units. Obviously in the fulfillment line there is cost associated with that as well, as our other third party units as well I think like payment processing and other cost that we incur. So I don’t know if there is much more we can say about that.
Tom Szkutak: Let's take a look at the guidance that we gave, again, we gave as we have in previous quarters, we gave the wide range and from a consolidate segment operating standpoint we gave a 100 to 650, the implied margin at the lower end, the higher end is approximately 50 basis points upwards to 2.9%. This quarter in Q1 we were up 60 basis points year-over-year in total at the upper end of that forecast implied would be up 80 basis points, so again, that’s the range and we think its appropriate range for Q2.
Tom Szkutak: So, let's start with the increase you saw sequentially in margin from Q2 or Q3 to Q4 of 2014, so revenue grew by about 21.5% sequentially and expense grew by around 10% so obviously we were growing faster in top line and expenses. Over the long-term improvements and efficiency and innovation allow us to drive that kind of cost out of the business. I mean there is certainly was an impact with pricing changes and you probably saw some of that in Q2 as well, but over the long-term that’s the model we follow.
Tom Szkutak: And with that, thank you joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Brian Olsavsky: And Brian on FCs, you know, as we've done prior years, it’s early in the year and as we progress through the year we'll give you some updates on how many. But as a reminder we ended the year with 109 fulfillment centers around the world and we'll update you as we go.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, sure. So North America operating margin up a 120 basis points year-over-year to 3.9%. Lot of good cost efficiency, but again we're continuing to invest so actively as we build the Prime platform and that we have customers. So you'll see lot of invention definitely to see the Prime platform, which things like Video Content, Prime Music, as we talk about Prime Now devices that will continue to build fulfillment centers for selection and expansion in FBA. So that’s – its generally what's driving the operating margin in North America.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, let me start with China. So, I think you'll see a lot invention, you're seeing a lot of invention from us in China right now. Amazon is trusted source of authentic [ph] international products and that’s really what we're doubling down on now with a Amazon global store on our own site, which gives Chinese customers access to over 1 million Amazon products globally. And then the team of flagship store for international brands which you've heard about giving thousands of direct imported products access to – customer’s access to these products and those happen to be stocked and ready to ship from our fulfillment centers in China. So that’s an added benefit. 25% of those are exclusive – over 25% of those exclusives to Amazon. So we continue to be selective in our investments there, but we're taking the long-term view and we have hopes for the new initiatives along the global – with the global store and the team of flagship store.
Brian Olsavsky: Its probably is worth adding that, although prices are factor, the primary factor for customers choosing with AWS is really around their ability to move quickly and to be nimble and agile. And so we're very pleased with the kind of continued adoption and usage growth we've seen and obviously the benefits of AWS around their ability – customers ability to be nimble as a primary factor there.
Brian Olsavsky: And Carlos, I think you had a question about AWS. From our perspective its business that’s still really in day one. A lot of potential innovation in front of us we believe. And so you can see we're putting a lot of CapEx obviously there and including capital leases and we think over time we will be able to generate significant free cash flow with stronger ROICs.
Brian Olsavsky: And in terms of international, again as you mentioned Justin, we are investing a lot right now which impacts the margins there again ex-exchange think of it as approximately breakeven for the quarter. And so again, we're continuing to invest. We're investing in all the things that we talked about related to the platform, continue invest in some emerging geographies, most notably certainly India with the step up given the experience we have. And so we are optimistic over time. We have a lot to do there, we think it’s a great opportunity for us. And so that’s what we're doing, but we're excited about the opportunity and that’s why you see the results that you're seeing there.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, in terms of the CapEx question, there is certainly two pieces of that, there is the consumer, the North American, International piece, is a number pieces, but certainly two largest pieces which certainly be the CapEx associated with fulfillment and the second would be infrastructure. And again it’s for AWS versus North America, and International. I'll take the North America and International first. We're seeing good growth and year-over-year in terms of overall unit growth, in terms of revenue growth, certainly ex-exchange, as I mentioned earlier, it’s early in the year. So we do every year we'll continue to monitor the growth there. We're making plans for the rest of the year and we'll get back to you as we progress throughout the year in terms of what fulfillment capacity will need to support that growth this year. In terms of web services, it’s obviously growing extremely fast. We saw some acceleration of growth from a revenue perspective. Over the last few quarters here, usage is growing faster than that, so we will be deploying more capital as we go there. In terms of the amounts, specific amounts, we're not giving guidance on that today and one of the reasons it is growing so fast that we wan to make sure we put the right amount of capital in place and the teams has done a great job doing all the planning and the execution around that, so that’s what we're doing there. In terms of media, I am not fully sure I understood the question, but as it relates to I think its video, could you repeat the part of that…
Brian Olsavsky: And one thing I would add to that as Brian mentioned, earlier as well, we are in seven cities today and there would be more to come. We haven’t said how many, but you should be definitely expecting more to come and we're excited to do that.
