Brian Olsavsky: This is Brian. I’ll take the first -- the second part of that question first. On CapEx, we spent $59 million -- $59 billion, excuse me, last year. And we -- on our core fulfillment and transportation areas, we actually are spending less year-over-year, and those estimates are going down. The GAAP or the increases in AWS and infrastructure and we are adding more dollars to the -- for Large Language Models and generative AI. So, we’re creating some space in our fulfillment and transportation number that has been repurposed over to AWS. We still think the combined CapEx will be lower year-over-year.
Brian Olsavsky: Eric, this is Brian. Let me start on the financial part of that question. So I think we would describe ourselves as like along on the journey and making solid progress on recovering our cost structure and getting it back to pre-pandemic levels. Andy’s talked about the efforts in operations and the regionalization of our operations. We’ve obviously taken a hard look at all of our businesses that we’re in over the last 6 to 9 months and have made adjustments there. But there’s still a lot ahead of us, especially on the operational side that if you look at our operating margin in North America, for example North America segment, it was 1.2% this quarter, pre-pandemic that number was in the 4% to 6% range broadly. So, it’s a bit of marker on how much upside. But there’s a lot of moving parts in that number. Obviously, there’s the advertising, there’s investments going on for future growth, and there’s the core profitability and cost structure that our operations are achieving. So, making progress, working hard at it, but it’s a longer road than bouncing back in one or two quarters.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. Hi Justin. Thank you. On AWS, I think Andy did a good job of laying out the dynamics we’re seeing in -- among customers right now and where they’re cutting workloads and continued strength that we see in customers hitting their contractual limits and extending them and planning for the future. So, we feel really strongly about the outlook for the business and understand the short-term work that we’re doing to help customers save money. So, I would say Q2 versus Q1, there’s not an obvious year-over-year comp differential. It’s just, again, understanding which customers are cutting in some areas and growing in others and helping them get on hopefully to the new initiatives that they are planning as well.
Andy Jassy: Just on your first question, Doug. It’s hard to say exactly where we are in the process. I think that what we continue to see when we talk with customers is that they’re appropriately cautious about what they’re seeing in the economy. They’re trying to find ways to save money as most companies are, including our own. And we have a long track-record, which we continue to pursue, which I think makes sense for customers and for our business long term that we’re not trying to optimize for a quarter or for a year. We’re going to do whatever it takes to help customers be successful over a long period of time because we’re trying to build relationships in a business that outlast to all of us. And so, we’re spending a lot of time with customers trying to help them think of smart ways, not short-term ways, but smart ways to optimize their costs and to be able to scale up and down. And again, one of the big advantages of the cloud is that if you grow quickly, you can seamlessly scale up. But when you don’t have the demand, you can give it back to us and stop paying for it, and that is not true with what you see on-premises. And so we’re trying to work hard to help customers with that. I think it’s important to remember that customers are pretty explicitly telling us that this is not a cost cutting effort where we intend on spending less money on technology or on the cloud. This is our reprioritizing what matters most to our business at this time and trying to reallocate resource so we can build new customer experience [and change what’s possible] (ph). And so, I think if you think about -- those projects, by the way, take time to build. When you’re reallocating, you’re reprioritizing, you’re redefining what you’re going to build, you got to actually go build it before you can implement it. And we’re working pretty carefully and closely with customers on those initiatives. I think it’s important to remember that there’s still so much growth ahead of the cloud, 90-plus percent of the global IT spend is on-premises. And so if you believe that equation is going to flip, it’s mostly moving to the cloud. And I also think that there are a lot of folks that don’t realize the amount of non-consumption right now that’s going to happen and be spent in the cloud with the advent of Large Language Models and generative AI. I think so many customer experiences are going to be reinvented and invented that haven’t existed before. And that’s all going to be spent in my opinion, on the cloud.
Andy Jassy: I would just add to that we have looked pretty hard at every single one of our businesses. And I think that while it’s probably most visible given the size of it, what’s the improvement in the operating margin and the efficiency in our stores business, I think every business is working really hard on finding ways to be more efficient. And as Brian said, I think we’re making really, really good progress, the fulfillment costs in our operations network and our stores business. But one of the things that’s been interesting and frankly pretty encouraging to all of us is that as we -- over the last 6 to 9 months, as the network fundamentally changed, remember, when you go through as much growth as we went through and you add -- you double your fulfillment center footprint and you also build a last-mile transportation network the size of UPS in a couple of years, there’s a lot that you have to work on to get that as productive as you want. And we’ve spent a lot of time working on that the last 6 to 9 months. But some of the ways that you operated before, which worked through several elbows in the curve and scale, when they become inefficient because the network fundamentally changes, they become inefficient in a significant way. And so it’s part of what led to the regionalization effort that I talked about, but it also caused us to really reevaluate virtually everything we do in operations over the last 6 to 9 months. And we have found a lot more opportunities than we even thought were there before. So, I’m pretty optimistic that we have a chance not just to recover to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of operating margin, but I think there’s additional upside with some of the opportunities we’ve identified.
Andy Jassy: Thanks, Colin. I’ll start with the international question. So yes, we saw an acceleration of growth on an FX-neutral basis, 9% versus 5% in Q4. I think the economy there is starting to stabilize and especially in established countries of Europe. We’re seeing consumer confidence has increased and inflation is ticking down. So some of those are similar to North America. But that is what we probably had some upside that we weren’t counting on in international in the first quarter, and that was a good strength. On the margin, the margin has -- the negative margin has come down. Top line is helping there but it’s also a function of some of the reductions that we’re making across some of our investments. Most of those are in North America, but that you’ll see kind of the improvement in operational efficiency and on the edge of some of the global programs are going to be reducing cost in international. I will remind you that, again, that international is an aggregation of established countries which are already profitable and who look a bit like North America, perhaps at an earlier stage of development and working their way to parity on profitability. We have forward-loaded Prime benefits in a lot of these countries that are ahead of the curve that we saw in North America. So happy there. We have a large emerging business. In the last 5 years, we’ve added more than 10 new countries. What we’re seeing is if you looked back to North America long ago, it took 9 years for us to reach breakeven profitability in the United States. We see a similar curve in a lot of countries overseas. There’s, in fact, additional challenges that we usually have to deal with, things like lack of payment methods, lack of the established infrastructure for -- especially for transportation and infrastructure for the internet and everything else. So, the adoption can be slower but we feel good about the businesses we’re building. They carry a lot of the same traits that we have in North America. Price selection and convenience are at the core of that, very happy with the adoption and traffic and new customer acquisition that we’re seeing from Prime Video in a lot of their emerging countries as well. So good quarter. We’ll continue to work again on cost structure and growing those businesses country by country. On the grocery part, what I would say is we continue to progress there. We have an interesting grocery business where we’ve been in it for a while and we have actually quite a large grocery business. It’s just an unusual selection grocery business, very much like how the mass merchandisers got into grocery 25, 30 years ago, where the selection -- are items that are not temperature-controlled, so it’s canned goods and packaged food and paper products and pet supplies and personal care and health and beauty and all sorts of consumables. And interestingly, in this current environment where consumers are being cautious about what they spend and finding ways to trade down in different product variations, consumables have stayed very, very strong. And so, we continue to be very pleased with that -- that part of our grocery business to serve a much broader number of the grocery shopping journeys, which we seek to try to help customers with. We have to have a bigger physical presence since most of the shopping visits are still physical stores. We’ve got two efforts there. We’ve got Whole Foods, which really pioneered the organic grocery space. And that continues to grow nicely, and we’ve made a number of changes in the last year of the business that have changed the profitability trajectory there and feel very good about that. And at the same time, it is still a portion of the overall market segment. And if you really want to serve as much of grocery as we’d like to, you have to have a mass physical offering. And that’s what we’ve been working on for a few years with the brand we’ve called Amazon Fresh. We wish we were further along at this point. We’ve tried lots of ideas. We haven’t yet found conviction around the format that we want to go expand much more broadly. We have a set of experiments and ideas and concepts that we’re working on across our dozens of stores there. And we’re pretty optimistic that we have something that may very well work. And we’re hopeful over this next year we find that. But we continue to believe -- it’s a big business for us today. It’s continuing to get bigger, but we believe we have the opportunity for it to be much larger for Amazon and where we can help customers more broadly. And I think having that physical presence, we will also have the ability both to be able to serve the grocery products they come for as well as store some other pieces and help customers across some other product lines as well.
