Thomas Szkutak: Yeah, I can’t – we are not breaking out the unit growth by segment, but we are seeing, very strong unit growth globally, it’s up 41% which is certainly better than we’ve seen recently. Also keep in mind when you look at the difference between North America revenue growth and international, we do have the impact of Zappos included in the North American numbers this year, which we wouldn’t have that in last year as well.
Thomas Szkutak: Thanks Mark. Yes, we have launched or opened about 10 performance centers right now. We have a couple more that are coming over the coming few weeks to get ready for our peak season. So certainly that’s part of which we are seeing in Q4, obviously we have been incurring some cost on those three as well prior to Q4, but again you will see that ramping up. The other thing too is we will continue to add capacity for infrastructure as well during Q4 and that’s both for our retail business as well as our very fast growing AWS business, so those are impacting the guidance which you see there.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, again it’s a free offer, so that’s something that we think is compelling and it follows really what we’ve done for Prime in general. We’ve offered free trials for Prime members going back to few years now, and the reason why we are doing that, again the free trials I’m talking about, not just in the Mom right now. The reason why we were doing that was we wanted to make sure that customers could see the experience real time and we find that when customers see it real time, they become members and we’ve seen that consistently and so the other two programs that you mentioned, the Student and Mom, still very early and we are happy with what we see but we are still very early.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure, I wouldn’t speculate what we would do or not do in the future there, but now it’s certainly and there room for a lot of innovation and we’ve got a great team in place that’s working on that and we are going to try to do what’s best for customers over the long term and try to continually improve our service there.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. First, the media, in terms of – I’ll take the North America, maybe we’re seeing very good growth there, we’re very pleased with the business that we have there. As it relates to books, we saw very strong revenue growth in the quarter, in fact from the unit perspective we saw accelerated growth in both physical and Kindle books in Q3 relative to Q2, so very strong growth during the quarter. We did see in a couple of our categories some softness, particularly music and video as we overlap some higher revenue in last year Q3 specifically. In the music side, we had very strong growth last year with some of the Michael Jackson titles. We also had very strong growth with the Beatles Box and video games, specifically video game consoles. There was very strong price reductions from the manufactures and which caused great growth last year and so we saw some softness that’s in the North America media never succeed, but again we are very pleased with overall categories in media. In terms of the equity income and in terms of how you should think about it, we did have included in our guidance and I will give you the total numbers, but excluded from the guidance that we gave approximately 90 days ago, we did not include Woot acquisition and the impact from the quarter is roughly 30 million in revenue. From a CSOI perspective, we had a few million dollar loss for the quarter. And then because we had an investment in Woot, we had to step up that investment and fair value, so you have a gain that’s included in the other income line, the equity income line that you’re referring to, which brings our net down to about 15 million net or a little under $0.03 per share, so that’s included in the numbers that you’re looking at.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, China is a very interesting long-term potential and we have businesses growing very fast there. We continue to add capacity there, we continue to work on trying to make sure we have a great experience of customers and so we’re adding a lot of selection, we’re making sure we have great prices. A lot of the things, same things that we’re doing in all of our geography. So we’ll continue to work hard on behalf of customers there and we think it’s a very interesting long-term potential geography force.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, again, you did call out couple items that are rather sizable, particularly the Zappos piece is rather sizable, so that certainly is impacting the size and the growth, because we remember that Zappos isn’t included in the last year’s Q3 result. But we’re actually very, very pleased with EGM in both segments, they are both growing very fast and as you can see that even in Q3 for international grew 60% on local currency basis, so it’s a very, very strong growth. We’ve added a lot of new categories over the past two years there and they have grown quite nicely. So we’re actually very pleased with our international growth in EGM and very excited about the future there.
Thomas Szkutak: Okay, I’ll speak to the second one first; BuyVIP hasn’t closed and so it’s not reflected in the guidance that we have given today. In terms of the first question, we think that grocery is very interesting. It’s something that we are – there’s not a lot I can comment about your question, specifically related to the U.K. It’s something that we find it interesting, it’s very early. Think of it, you mentioned about a national rollout for the U.S., think of it as a test for the U.S. We are testing it currently and have been testing it for a few years in Seattle, and we think that it’s interesting, but again it’s for test and we’ll see how it goes.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of the opportunity for Prime, we like what we see in Prime, the way that we would try to expand the benefit to customers to-date has been to try to make sure that we have more selection available for Prime customers. We do that in a number of different ways, one is we add retail offerings, additional retail selection. We’ve also been working very hard with our seller community filled by Amazon and when you list with fulfilled by Amazon and have availability and stock those products available for our free shipping programs, which is Super Saver Shipping in the US as well as Prime. So those are the things that we have been doing to try to make Prime better. We will continue to look at ways to make Prime even better for customers over time and we will have to wait and see on that. In terms of the second part of your question, I apologize not a lot I can add to answer that question. I apologize in terms of this technology and its use outside of Kindle.
Thomas Szkutak: Yeah, it is, we as you can probably appreciate Jim, we haven’t disclosed anything about any specific, our partnership that we have and this will be no exception. I guess one way to think about it though is with something like this, we continue to grow like we are growing, we will likely need more capacity going forward and so we will be able to use capacity for, in this type of an event.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. In terms of international gross margins, there is a number of dynamics there, certainly pricing is impacting it. We are getting very good traction in third party, continue to get good traction in third party within international. Also keep in mind that we’re talking about one of the earlier questions within EGM we’ve launched many new categories over the past few years that are growing, those categories growing very well as I mentioned the growth is up 60% year-over-year on local currency basis in total and what ends up happening when you launch new categories is many of those are low gross margins at the start and then we worked very hard overtime to be more efficient to buy better and so those categories improve over time. So again those are the things that are impacting gross margins. In terms of marketing, a couple of things to think about; one, you are right we are a little over 3%, very similar to what we were in increase year-over-year last quarter, the primary area that we spend in marketing is web page search and associates still. Keep in mind that when you look at year-over-year, last year we didn’t have Zappos and we continue to support the marketing efforts for Zappos which is included in that cost. As you mentioned also, we are also doing some ads from a television standpoint for Kindle included in those numbers as well.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of the capacity, again we are adding additional capacity in Q4, both from our fulfillment center and infrastructure standpoint, and beyond Q4 we are not commenting but certainly if we continue to grow you should expect like we are growing expect that we will add capacity next year. In terms of Kindle, we are trying to make selection available from a content perspective at great prices for customers and that’s no different than any other product that we offer to customers, we think it should be very economic to customers and we will continue to work very hard on behalf of customers in that area.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of video in demand, there is not a lot more I can add to that. I would say that I guess that where I would think about it is not a lot different than a lot of the things that we do on Amazon, we have a foundation of innovation everything that we do and we try to find creative ways and innovative ways to serve customers better and so that’s grained very well in the culture, you have seen that in a lot of different ways in our various offerings and we will continue to do that as best we can on behalf of the customers over long term which includes Video On Demand. And then second part of our question, sorry was…
Thomas Szkutak: No, again I think I don’t have any new data to share with you there. It is an interesting area for us, and if you think about just a growth in connected devices anytime, you can have a very fast growth in adoption of connected devices in around the world where customers can get easy access to amzon.com, we think it’s a good thing to tail in for us and so what we are trying to do is try to make that as easy for customers with APIs and another ways so that we can serve customers well, so they get a great experience when they connect with their device. So that’s something that certainly we are working and we find it interesting.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. The first part as you can probably appreciate, we don’t break out any of our products or categories from a possibility standpoint and so we have a [Inaudible] doing that and so the details that we provided, to-data is just the North American International segment from a possibility standpoint. So, I can’t help you much there. In terms of infrastructure and capacity, just sort of - excuse me in terms of film capacity, you’re right we added a lot of capacity to date, we have some more that we are adding in Q4 and that’s the serve on demand that we think is in front of us and we will have to see, wait and see what happens over the coming quarters to see what capacity we need to have. But what I can say is from our regional perspective; you can see our overall growth rates are very strong. And if they continue to be strong, we will have to add additional capacity. We are seeing very good traction fulfilled by Amazon which is also why we are also adding capacity for and we like that part of the business from a seller perspective a lot. From an infrastructure standpoint, again just with the growth that we are seeing from a retail perspective, we are adding capacity to support the retail websites that we have around the world. In addition to that, we have a very fast growing web services business that has great traction, continues to grow well and certainly should expect that we will add capacity there over time to serves that growth.
Thomas Szkutak: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today on the call and for your questions. The replay will be available on our industrial relations website at least to the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest and look forward to talking with you again in next quarter. Thanks everyone.
