Rob Eldridge: Hello, and welcome to our Q1 2010 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion or responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 22, 2010, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today's call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Rob Eldridge: Imran, in regards to your question on what’s behind the $26 million of the operating expense. Remember that we are amortizing intangibles in that line I mean there is a number of things that go into that but it really is predominantly amortization intangible assets.
Rob Eldridge: Great. Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our investor relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Tom Szkutak: Sure and probably the best way to describe it is similar to other programs that we have related to past shipping in prime. We are finding that customers like it, we certainly think that new customers like the reliability of getting their products so efficiently, so quickly and hard to say what we do beyond what we are doing today with same day but we certainly think that getting product to customers fast is important.
Tom Szkutak: Yeah James you are correct the active customer does not include Zappos but it does include China this quarter for the first time. And we are not at this point breaking out the addition of China at this point. So it is 114 million active customers world wide at this point.
Tom Szkutak: The first part in terms of head count, the biggest piece of that is related to fulfillment. You know when we coming out of Q4 we always have a certain people additions related to that and so again a sizeable piece of that incremental headcount was due to operations in the rest was you know certainly in the areas to help us grow as we move forward. In terms of the effective tax rate certainly the mix of our geographies are certainly what’s making that change.
Tom Szkutak: The first question, we are not bringing out individual geographies within the international segment but what you are seeing in the international is you know very strong growth and we were pleased across all of our geographies we saw excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates we saw growth of 37%, you know, which is certainly very good and it was driven by a number of things certainly we have added many new categories and a lot of selections over the past few years and we certainly have or focused on making sure that we have great and a competitive low prices and that would certainly fuel in growth prime is also a factor and third-party growth, continues to be very strong and so those are the factors that are driving the international growth. In terms of the change in accounting for Kindle, we are not breaking out any precise numbers on that but the way you should think about it is, may be a few (inaudible) one is if you look at our overall growth rate and you look at on a local currency basis and we certainly have for the first time of four quarter of Zappos included in those numbers as well as the change in accounting for Kindle and if you back off, exchange in those two items and compare it to the equivalent growth rate in Q4, you did see, a few hundred basis points, acceleration and growth from Q4 to Q1. So, it can be much more of a breakup than that but you can see that, we did an acceleration growth there.
Tom Szkutak: Well it’s starting with a small number of stores but we are very pleased to be working with Target and we think we are very pleased to have even more customers see Kindle and have the opportunity to purchase Kindle. So that’s why we are doing it and we are very excited to do it.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of international it was primarily driven by a certainly number of factors we continue to have lower prices and make sure we have great competitive prices and a challenging environment which includes free shipping offers and it was on prime included in that and keep in mind that we’ve launched many new categories over the past few years and so as we talked about in the past it takes sometime to get the scale in those categories and we are seeing very broad growth across many categories including the new categories and so that’s certainly that mix is having an impact and that means all those factors have been partially offset by very strong solid third-party growth as well as the savings that we will get from our vendor partners so again those are the key drivers.
Tom Szkutak: Well in terms of marketing itself you saw that it increased a little bit as a percentage of revenue year-over-year and we are doing advertising for Kindle, it's certainly a product and an area that we are very excited about. You probably seen some of the ads that we are doing as well as doing on my marketing.
Tom Szkutak: Sure, I will take the second part first. The 87 is actually the equivalent of stock based compensation amortization intangibles which is one 113. And so it's come from 113 to 130. In terms of the operating margin, we are not giving operating margin guidance for Q2 but implied operating margin and we do have a consistent what we have done in prior periods. We have a range of operating income and that range is 350 to 450 at the low end of the range it's 5.7% of implied operating margin and 6.7 on the high end. On the high end you would see an expansion of operating margins of approximately 20 basis year-over-year and so that’s the guidance based upon what we see if by looking at all the factors and there is not much I can help you with that. I would one thing to keep in mind those I mentioned in one of the earlier questions, with growth we are experiencing, we need to make sure we support that growth. And what that means is we will continue to add capacity at our various businesses to support that growth whether it be our retail business or AWS business or third-party seller business including FBA. And so those are things that we certainly are supporting giving the growth that we are having. The other thing is we will continue as we haven’t in prior years. We still think there is a lot of opportunity in front of us and so as we haven’t prior years. We’ll make sure that we are judicious about where we make those additions. But we will add resources to make sure that we capitalize on those growth opportunities. So those are the things that we are thinking about.
Tom Szkutak: Jeetil, I will take the second part of your question first. We are excited about the idea that the world may shift to a place where 3G connected devices are available to browse net and our view is that the more of web connected devices whether be tablets or smartphones, the better that is for our retails business as you are suggesting and we will figure out the best way to make sure that we may get as easy as possible for customers to purchase from those devices but we think that that’s an exciting opportunity to have a world that looks like that. In terms of your unit question, as you can probably expect, given the growth that we are seeing both in North America and in international from revenue prospective. We are seeing very good growth in units as well and so we are very pleased with the unit growth we are seeing in both segments.
Tom Szkutak: Again that the unit growth is very broad and so again when you see the results that we had with, at local currency basis international being up 37%, this is revenue I’m speaking as well as, North America again was a 47%, 46% on a local currency basis that you’re seeing very revenue growth. You’re also seeing very strong unit growth in those two segments. And in terms of again, in terms of Mobal, we’re going to use obviously try to make sure that we learnt as much as we can and try to serve our customers the best we can in that environment but it’s an environment that we like. Again, the idea of having easy access from a web perspective on a wireless devices, as a world that we like, so again we’re going to do, whatever we can to make sure it’s easy for customers to get access.
Tom Szkutak: No, the worldwide unit growth includes Zappos and the impact, someone had asked a similar question earlier. We are not breaking out Zappos results specifically as part of our total, but what I had mentioned was, if you take a worldwide results on a local currency in a growth basis and you back out Zappos and the Kindle accounting change, you see a growth rate that accelerated from Q4 and that accelerated versus what we saw in Q4 excluding exchange and excluding Zappos.
Tom Szkutak: Can you just repeat there was a part in the middle there that I missed, you said something about 7.4% I didn’t hear.
Tom Szkutak: I start with the fulfillment one first, what you are seeing there is, we saw accelerated growth and when you see accelerated growth we’re able to leverage that in our fulfillment capacity and a great way from a productivity standpoint. Also what I had mentioned was we have added capacity, but specifically in North America we haven't added in a meaningful capacity since Q3 of '08 and if you recall we were building capacity and then we had a financial disruption in the market, so we ended up having some excess capacity in Q4 of '08. We've been to leverage that capacity throughout and so that's resulting in the productivity that you are seeing. Now with the growth that we are experiencing, you should expect that we will have to add capacity overtime here to satisfy that growth. In terms of your category question, we have learned a lot over the years, but it still takes us a number of years to get to scale when we launch new categories. One of the things we've learned over the past several years is, we need to make sure that we have great selections day one. We need to make sure that we are pricing very competitively day one. Even though we don't have necessarily the scale or the buying tools to purchase well day one and so what that means usually is that will have lower contribution profit per unit generally early on and as we learn you know those categories we get better and better at you know sourcing and make sure we have the right inventory in place and all that. So it takes a number of years before you know we get those scale in those categories and get meaningful free cash flow out of them.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of used products, our strategy there has been you know pretty consistent. We have a platform that is available for sellers to sell used product which is predominant use and we try make that experience as good as we can, both for the sellers and for customers so they can understand you know what the quality of the good is before making a purchase decision. We have done some private label as you mentioned and you know there is not really a lot really to speak of today about that, but again we have, do have some private label product that we sell, but you know the vast majority of the products we sell are not private label.
Tom Szkutak: On a global basis excluding exchange Kindle and the accounting change, we saw a few 100 basis points acceleration and growth so we did accelerate excluding those items. In terms of capacity we do have high growth rates right now. We have 40% unit growth, 46% revenue growth in Q1, you see the guidance for Q2 and so as you would expect with that growth rate we need to make sure we have the right amount of capacity and people on hand to serve. As part of that from a fulfillment perspective, we are growing our fulfilled by Amazon, our FDA business which also requires capacity to do so. So those are things we view as high quality problems but those are things that we certainly will have to add as we move forward as well as other areas, other parts of our business that are growing in addition to those two.
Tom Szkutak: I guess I would characterize as it is, we’re trying to make sure we, satisfy demand in our retail business and our third party business that we fulfill as well as web services businesses, so those are the things we’re trying to do and making sure that we have the right capacity on hand.
Tom Szkutak: One of the things that we’re doing is we are expanding selection, pre-dramatically. When we launched two plus years ago, with Kindle we had approximately 90,000 titles. Just recently we passed over 500,000 titles and so our vision is, as we stated when we launched Kindles to have every book ever published in any language available for customers in under 60 seconds and that’s still our stated long-term goal and so we’re going to continue to add selection in support of that vision.
