Dave Fildes: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2022 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2021. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 28, 2022, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, regional labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce and cloud services and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. This guidance also reflects our estimates to date regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including those discussed in our filings with the SEC. Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, restructurings or legal settlements. It’s not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Dave Fildes: Yes. I think it was – Eric, it was a question around kind of interactive work. I mean, we've got – one of our main priorities is building relevant and engaging ad experiences. And so, we of course, introduced interactive ads last year for streaming video content, things like Freevee. We've got Amazon Music as ad supported tier as well for audio ads. So looking for opportunities like that, where customers can more easily engage with brands while streaming content. So I think there's a lot of good opportunity for that, but what's great, video advertising, as you mentioned, it's still early in that space, it's increasingly coming mainstream and then viewing behaviors have really shifted away from some of the more traditional cable or kind of traditional viewing and advertisers are using our ad- supported content to reach those viewers. So things that are ongoing we've talked about around Freevee, around Twitch, and then of course, some things we're obviously excited about it. Thursday Night Football and Amazon streaming TV ads capabilities that we're going to continue to work with these partners and work with our own kind of technology capabilities to keep building out.
Dave Fildes: Yes. Jason, on your second question related to the international and the profitability there, reported there's a foreign exchange exposure there on that segment with the operating income, there's included in there about $231 million of unfavorable impact to that segment included in that $1.7 billion loss for the quarter. Just looking – broadly speaking at what's going on with that business and the losses that we're seeing there in the investments, I think it's important to remember it's early in many of our international countries, particularly in some of our emerging or more recent launch countries, places like India, Brazil, the Middle East, there are others as well, of course, but where we've been operating in many of those cases considerably shorter than the tenure we've had in the U.S. In our established international locations, UK, Germany, Japan, over time, we've continued to improve the profitability of that business as we build out and established stronger customer relationships and work on the cost structure and how we serve folks. A lot of that, of course, is driving improvements through our key pillars with price selection and convenience and working with vendors on commercial terms. In our emerging locations, there's a healthy amount of investment we've done to drive expansion. And we expect to continue to do that, given the strong competition across many of these markets and that's investments in Prime Video, not just in some of the flagship shows that are kind of sourced here in the U.S., but also you've seen us continue to push for opportunities for in-country and local language the video content that resonates with customers and can be a meaningful reason people sign-up for the Prime program, engage and renew. And we're also investing depending on the regions and kind of the local infrastructure [indiscernible], whether it's building out payment methods, third-party transportation services, even in some cases, the Internet and the telecom infrastructure. So we're playing a role along with others. It's not just us investing in ways to create and enable that infrastructure to be successful. So those are some of the opportunities and challenges that you think about kind of where we are in the U.S. versus international that are out there. The network complexities, of course, there are some regulatory hurdles and other differences out there. But we think it's important to continue to invest in those opportunities and learn from what we're – not just in what we've done in the history with the U.S., but also in many of these countries and keep that flywheel spinning and continue to serve customers in more efficient ways.
Dave Fildes: Youssef, this is Dave. On your Buy with Prime question, yes, I mean, right now, it's allowing U.S.-based Prime members to shop directly from merchants on the online stores. And it's what they experience, they expect and kind of come to expect with Amazon that's the fast free delivery that seamless checkout and the free returns on orders that are eligible. Right now the program is available, as you mentioned, invitation-only for merchants that are already using FBA. And it'll expand throughout this year as we'll extend more merchants to invite and participate in the program. We're interested in learning and working with FBA sellers that we've known and had good trust with, but also expanding. And I think as you think about it, merchants, they obviously have a lot of choices on where they're going to sell products. And we have a long history of empowering and helping merchants. We've invested a lot in tools and capabilities, and of course, the delivery capabilities and all the things that go along with that. But that's an opportunity for us to support merchants who may or may not be FBA sellers with the tools and the opportunity just to sell their products online and scale their business and build their brand. And so I think I’m really excited about, of course, getting to be able to launch this program over the last few months and dialing it up for more sellers as the year progresses.
Dave Fildes: And Stephen on your – just to your question on stock-based comp, as you mentioned, we do utilize restricted stock units or RSU as our primary mode of equity compensation. And as we always remind you, employee annual RSU grants do occur in the second quarter. And as a result, we typically see a step-up in the SBC expense from Q1 to Q2 and of course, you saw it this time around. The growth in the line is impacted overall also on the step-up by continued headcount. We've grown our workforce over the last few years. And as Brian talked about hiring in a number of areas of the business, including engineers, other tech workers, and there's some component of the wage inflation as we look to continue to hire and retain employees there. In terms of the coming in at the five – little over $5 billion for stock-based comp, the main driver there was primarily driven by fewer employees stock awards vested – excuse me, fewer employee stock awards we’re vesting in Q2 than we expected.
Dave Fildes: Thanks for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website for at least three months. We appreciate your interest in Amazon, and we look forward to talking with you again, next quarter.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Thanks, Brian. Let me start with your second question. So in any particular year when we're spending capital, a good portion of it, we estimate about 40% this year is being spent in support of warehouses or transportation capacity. That will be opening up and effective in 2023 and beyond. So there's always a pre-spend to keep the – again, the pipeline moving. So when we make adjustments to the time horizon, the impact is not as great as you might expect in the year 2022. Again, we have moved things out and capital is coming down in those areas as we just mentioned. We'll just have to keep you posted as we go quarter-to-quarter on what our expectations are. On the bridge to Q2 to Q3, so again, you have the – mentioned three items, ops improvement that we see of a $1.5 billion and offsetting that is increased costs in AWS, as we build out depreciation. We also are adding – continuing to add people in that space; product engineers, salespeople, customer support. Speaking more broadly, we know AWS is a huge opportunity to early days in the adoption curve for companies and governments. And we invest with that - with that confidence in mind and customers have responded and we're going to keep investing there. Your comment on discounting, we're not seeing some of the pressures that other people are seeing right now. Our macroeconomic issues are principally on inflation and pretty transparent on that. I think the new thing this quarter is additional pressure on the energy, electricity rates in our data centers because of the ramp up in natural gas prices, if you've seen that. So that's probably the new information and then the other inflationary factors. Well, some of them are coming down slightly. They're still significantly a penalty year-over-year. Other cost pressures are principally on our cost of employees. If you look at our stock-based comp as a percent of revenue, it's gone up 150 basis points quarter-over-quarter, as we stepped up from Q1 to Q2. We see that pattern every year, but we don't see that magnitude and that's where a lot of our wage inflation is for particularly our technical employees. So there's a certain amount of conservatism always built into this because we are in a very difficult macroeconomic state potentially. Again, we're not seeing it hit our businesses directly. In fact, we're seeing strong growth in sales through the quarter in Q2. But we're cognizant that things could change quickly and we'll see and monitor and that's how we set our forward guidance.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, Doug. I'll start with second question. So on margins in AWS, yes, as you mentioned that is dropping sequentially. The margin rate is going to fluctuate and this business is going to be always a factor of new investment and things like the sales force and new regions and infrastructure capacity offset by infrastructure efficiency gains that we see. Pricing issues as we extend contracts, we've seen really good progress with our customer base, longer and longer commitments, really committing to the cloud, some of that comes with credits to help them make their conversion to the cloud and so that the revenue pattern can be, and the margin on that revenue can fluctuate quite a bit quarter-to-quarter, but see a lot of strength in the business right now. We're very happy with the growth rate. We're happy with the adoption of the cloud. As you hit a potential rough patch in the economy, I think the last time we saw this was back in 2008-ish. And it’s hard to draw lessons from that, but we did notice that it did help our cloud business at the time because again, when you're trying to launch a new product or service and you have to face with building your own data center and getting capital for a data center and building it yourself or moving to the cloud and essentially buying incremental infrastructure capacity, the cloud computing really shows its value. So we're prepared – just like when the slowdown in 2020, we are prepared to help customers optimize their costs and will help them any who are scaling down. But we'll also, again, continue to find new customers and new industries including government agencies and happy with that. And if you look again, where our investments been over the last few years and the growth of our sales force and our sales support, it's starting to – it is showing benefits, and we expect that to continue. On your – sorry, your other question was, is that…
Brian Olsavsky: Doug, just to – I mean, just to pile on to that too. I mean, I think just the longer term vision I probably talked about here, we're right now with 84 availability zones. So that's 26 geographic regions, and we've got plans for – to launch 24 more of those availability zones across eight regions. And this is Australia, Canada, India, Israel, New Zealand, Spain, Switzerland, UAE, so a lot of different spots. And so continuing to focus on building out to customers, working on that pipeline and building longer commitments, making – finding customers that are making longer commitments is really important to that. And just to that point, the backlog figure that we've discussed in the past and disclosed on a quarterly basis on our filings, it's up 65% year-over-year or about 13% quarter-over-quarter and the weighted average remaining life of those long-term commitments that we're talking about here continues to grow. So it's at about 3.9 years on a weighted average remaining life basis. So again, a lot of good work, a lot of still good opportunity out there to come, and as Brian talked about, we're working hard in many facets and investing in that to make sure we're in good position to serve folks.
Brian Olsavsky: Eric, I'd just add a little more on advertising because you're probably wondering again about softness – potential for softness in that or macroeconomic factors. Right now, we still see strong advertising growth. Again, it's got be a positive both for the customer and for the brand. I think our advantage is that we have highly efficient advertising. People are advertising at the point where customers have their credit cards out and are ready to make a purchase. It's also very measurable. And when people are looking, companies are looking to potentially streamline or optimize their advertising spend, we think our products compete very well in that regard. In addition to maybe longer term things like brand building and brings new selection to bear in front of customers.
Brian Olsavsky: Let me start on your first one. So challenge the premise is a little bit there about incenting mix, sorry, I believe that is how I interpreted your question. We are relatively indifferent as to whether some customer buys a third-party or first-party product from us. We're all about obviously is price selection and convenience. And 3P particularly helps us with selection. And when it's part of FBA can also help as being more Prime eligible and available to ship in one, two days or whatever the Prime offer happens to be. So we're happy with the selection that we've added from third-party sellers. And I think that shows in the percentage mix that you see. We're proud of the investment we've made to build tools and products that allow sellers to be successful on our site. And it's a great partnership and it's worked really well. Sellers and vendors are also some of our larger advertising customers as well and helps – that advertising helps them surface new selection to our customer base. So it's a very strong partnership and it's been getting stronger. And I think you'll see also that they had a very big part in our Prime Day earlier this month.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Thank you, Youssef. So first on the – let's take them one at a time. So on the Prime fee increase earlier in the year, we're happy with the results we're seeing in the Prime program. Prime membership and retention is still strong. I think that change has been above our expectations positively. And I think the benefit of the program continues to get better and better. And as I mentioned in-stocks never been higher, delivery speed is increasing. So not to mention a lot of the new content, especially on the video side that will be coming in the fall. So we feel good about the program and the state of the Prime members after a very rough couple years of pandemic turmoil. And we think it's good base to build upon. So on the seller fee again, we added that fee grudgingly in May to compensate for some of the inflationary pressures we're seeing. I don't want to give you the idea that either of those fee increases came close to covering our costs. You can see from our operating results, some of it's internal related, but a lot of it's external factors that they're – we are not passing through that at a 100% to external groups. And it’s – we've got to work our way out of the condition we are in and we are making good progress in Q2 and expect to keep pressing on that in the second half of the year, but saw strength in the seller results in Q2, as we mentioned on the percentage mix. So I think, seller business remain strong in an integral part of our customer offering.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, Stephen. Thank you. On the headcount, yes, I think it was more as we mentioned last quarter – last year – excuse me, in Q1, we added – to give you a flavor for it, we added 14,000 workers in Q1, prior year we had reduced our net headcount by 27,000. So we’re pretty transparent about the fact that we had hired a lot of people in Q1 for the coverage of the Omicron variant, luckily that variant subsided and we were left with a higher headcount position that has come down through adjusting our hiring levels and normal attrition and – was pretty much resolved by the end of April or early part of May. So that is dominating the quarter-over-quarter reduction in headcount. I would note that we're still up 188,000 year-over-year and nearly double the headcount of what we had heading into the pandemic in early 2020. So you're right, there will be adjustments to that as we move forward into more holiday level demand. Right now, we see a stabilization in the workforce, maybe we see good hiring rates. And so I think as you remember, there was a very difficult labor period in the second half of last year, and it didn't arrived kind of quickly out of nowhere. So we're certainly diligent on that and making sure we have a good workplace and an environment that will attract employees.
