Dave Fildes: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2024 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Andy Jassy, our CEO, and Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2023. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, August 1s, 2024 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions and customer demand and spending, including the impact of recessionary fears, inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies, and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. Our guidance assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements. It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Dave Fildes: This is Dave. I'll just start off just to give you the backlog figure. So at the end of the second quarter, it was $156.6 billion. So that's up about 19% year-over-year.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, this is Dave. Just real quick on that. You mentioned we're about $300 million profit for the quarter. That is up about 390 basis points year-on-year from a margin perspective. And as we talked about in the past, there's a number of countries that different stages of existence and maturity there. And so I think you're seeing continued progress, certainly on a year-over-year basis with both our established countries. So the UK, Germany and Japan in particular, being sizable contributors to that business, continued improvement and build out there, similar to the factors we talked about with the U.S., focused on operational efficiency while expanding the customer experience. And then in the emerging countries, as we've said over the past several quarters, we launched about 10 countries over the last seven years really focused on, again, expanding that customer experience, building out the Prime member benefits while building scalable solutions for customers. And so I think in both that established and emerging areas, seeing good progress year-over-year in working for further improvement there.
Dave Fildes: And thanks for joining us today on the call and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website for at least three months. We appreciate your interest in Amazon and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Andy Jassy: Thanks, Eric. I'll take them in order. I think on the question about investment in AWS and on the AI side, I think where I'd start is, I think one of the least understood parts about AWS over the last 18 years has been what a massive logistics challenge it is to run that business. If you think about the fact that we have about 35 regions and think of a region as multiple -- a cluster of multiple data centers and about 110 availability zones, which is roughly equivalent to a data center, sometimes it includes multiple. And then if you think about having to land thousands and thousands of SKUs across the 200 AWS services in each of those availability zones at the right quantities, it's quite difficult. And if you end up actually with too little capacity, then you have service disruptions, which really nobody does because it means companies can't scale their applications. So most companies deliver more capacity than they need. However, if you actually deliver too much capacity, the economics are pretty woeful and you don't like the returns of the operating income. And I think you can tell from having -- we disclosed both our revenue and our operating income in AWS that we've learned over time to manage this reasonably well. And we have built models over a long period of time that are algorithmic and sophisticated that land the right amount of capacity. And we've done the same thing on the AI side. Now AI is newer. And it's true that people take down clumps of capacity in AI that are different sometimes. I mean -- but it's also true that it's not like a company shows up to do a training cluster asking for a few hundred thousand chips the same day? Like you have a very significant advance signal when you have customers that want to take down a lot of capacity. So while the models are more fluent, it's also true that we've built, I think, a lot of muscle and skill over time in building these capacity signals and models. And we also are getting a lot of signal from customers on what they need. I think that it's -- the reality right now is that while we're investing a significant amount in the AI space and in infrastructure, we would like to have more capacity than we already have today. I mean we have a lot of demand right now. And I think it's going to be a very, very large business for us. On the custom silicon point, yeah, it's really interesting what's happened here. And it's also -- our strategy and approach here has been informed by running AWS for 18 years. When we started AWS, we had and still have a very deep partnership with Intel on the generalized CPU space. But what we found from customers is that they -- when you find a -- an offering that is really high value for you and high return, you don't actually spend less, even though you're spending less per unit, you spend less per unit, but it enables you and free you up to do so much more inventing and building for your customers. And then when you're spending more, you actually want better price performance than what you're getting. And a lot of times, it's hard to get that price performance from existing players unless you decide to optimize yourself for what you're learning from your customers and you push that envelope yourself. And so we built custom silicon in the generalized CPU space with Graviton, which we're on our fourth model right now. And that has been very successful for customers and for our AWS business is it saves customers about -- up to about 30% to 40% price performance versus the other leading x86 processors that they could use. And we saw the same trend happening about five years ago in the accelerator space in the GPU space, where the products are good, but there was really primarily one provider and supply was more scarce than what people wanted. And people -- our customers really want improved price performance all the time. And so that's why we went about building Trainium, which is our training chip and Inferentia, which is our inference chip, which we're on second versions of both of those, they will have very compelling relative price performance and in a world where it's hard to get GPUs today, the supply is scarce and all the schedules continue to move over time. Customers are quite excited and demanding at a high clip. Our custom silicon, and we're producing it as fast as we can. I think that's going to have very good return profile just like Graviton has and I think it will be another differentiating feature around AWS relative to others.
Andy Jassy: On the AWS question, it's always hard to predict what the growth rates are going to be, and it's a relatively large business at $105 billion revenue run rate at this point. But I do think that we have seen the lion's share of the cost optimization happen. And I also do believe that pre-pandemic, we were on this March where most companies are trying to figure out how to modernize their infrastructure, which really means moving from on-premises to the cloud because they can save money and invent that more quickly and get better developer productivity. And then the pandemic happen and people were in survival mode and then a difficult economy came and people are trying to save money. And we just see people going back to asking themselves, why aren't we taking this low hanging fruit here. I mean it makes -- I don't want to run my own data centers. I can actually be more cost-effective and invent more quickly from my customers if I'm using the cloud. And AWS with just a lot more functionality, stronger operational performance and security, which really matters to customers as well and a deeper partner ecosystem continues to be the partner of choice as people are moving to the cloud. And I think the generative AI component is in its very early days. It's -- as I said, we kind of sometimes look at it and say that it's interesting that we have a multibillion-dollar revenue run rate already in AI, and it's so early. But if we look at the amount of demand that we have from customers right now, it's very significant. So I think all three of those things have a chance and will likely continue over time. And we'll see where that growth rate nets out over the next number of years. I think that -- the one other thing I would say about that, too, Mark, is that -- the business today, as I mentioned, it's a $105 billion revenue run rate business, about 90% of the global IT spend is still on premises. And if you believe that equation is going to flip, which I do, there's a lot of growth ahead of us in AWS as the leader in all those dimensions I mentioned. But I also think that generative AI itself and AI as a whole it's going to be really large. I mean it is not something that we originally factored when we were thinking about how large AWS could be and unlike the non-AI space, where you're basically taking all of this infrastructure that's been built on premises over a long period of time and working with customers to help them migrate it to the cloud, which is a lot of work, by the way. In the generative AI space, it's going to get big fast and it's largely all going to be built from the get-go in the cloud, which allows the opportunity for those businesses to continue to grow. On the pharmacy side, I think you're right that you're seeing that business continue to grow and to get more resonance with customers. And I think it was always a relatively natural extension for us to build a pharmacy offering from our retail business. But I think a lot of what you see in the business has grown really quickly, a lot of what you've seen is that the work that the team has done on the customer experience over the last 18 months has really paid off. Customers love the customer experience of Amazon Pharmacy. And especially, by the way, when you think about the experience and the speed and ease with which you can order versus walking into a pharmacy in a physical store, if you walk into pharmacies and -- in cities today, it's a pretty tough experience with how much is locked behind cabinets, where you have to press a button to get somebody to come out and open the cabinets for you and a lot of shop lifting going on in the stores. So the combination of what's happening in the physical world and how much improved we've made our pharmacy experience is driving a lot of customer resonance and buying behavior. I think also you see us continuing to expand there. We expanded our RxPass package and program to Medicare members, that program allows customers and members to be -- Prime members to be able to get up to 60 common medications for just $5 a month. And we continue to launch same-day delivery of medications to cities. We have them in 8 cities, including Los Angeles and New York today with plans to expand to more than a dozen cities by the end of the year. So we're seeing a lot of growth there, and we're very optimistic about it.
Andy Jassy: On the second part of your question, Brent, what I would say is that it's true in analytics, but it's even maybe more so true in AI, which is that it's quite difficult to be able to do AI effectively if your data is not organized in such a way that you can access that data and run the models on top of them and then build the application. So when we work with customers, and this is true both when we work directly with customers as well as when we work with systems integrator partners, everyone is in a hurry to get going on doing generative AI and one of the first questions that we ask is show us where your data is, show us what your data lake looks like, show us how you're going to access that data. And there's very often work associated with getting your data in the right shape and in the right spot to be able to do generative AI. Fortunately, because so many companies have done the work to move to the cloud, there's a number of companies who are ready to take advantage of AI, and that's where we've seen a lot of the growth. But also it's worth remembering that again, remember the 90% of the global IT spend being on premises, there are a lot of companies who have yet to move to a cloud, who will, and the ability to use AI more effectively is going to be one of the many drivers in doing so for them.
