Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of data related to Kindle Fire and actually Kindle itself, the only thing I can help you with is on the holiday season, which we put in the release. We had a -- our unit sales nearly tripled. It was up 177%, and that includes both our Kindle e-reader and Kindle Fire. So we're very pleased with the great growth we had. And obviously, we've been growing quite fast over the last several years from a unit perspective in launching Kindle. So it's on a very good base. In terms of fulfillment and delivery time, we're continually trying to improve all of our processes around from a customer standpoint, and that includes fulfillment and delivery speed. And so you've seen over the last several years, we've gotten closer and closer to customers from a delivery speed standpoint. And when we do that, it not only helps our retail offering, but it helps also our third parties who are participating in Fulfilled by Amazon. And one of the things that you're seeing in our Q4 numbers is we saw very good unit growth. And you're seeing that we expanded our third party as a percentage of total units. And one of the ways we did that is certainly by Fulfilled by Amazon because again, from a customer standpoint, those units are available for express 2-day shipping or 1-day if you're a Prime member and you pay the small fee, as well as our free shipping offers.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In terms of our overall -- I'll talk to the total worldwide, as well as to the North America piece. But what I was mentioning was our growth rate for global revenue was 34%, excluding exchange. That compares to 39% in Q3 and 37% last year. If you compare our unit growth, that's a paid unit growth, was 46%. Again this is globally in Q4. That compares to 37% in Q4 last year. So we saw an acceleration in unit growth. On top of that, what we saw was third-party units grew 65% year-over-year, and our third-party units as a percentage of total units were 36%, up from 32%. And so really what you're seeing is you're seeing great adoption. Certainly, great revenue from a third-party perspective. But you're seeing very good adoption of FBA that has grown considerably over the last few years, and that's certainly impacting that number. But obviously, we only book a portion of the revenue based on the commissions we receive for that business and our top line growth. So that's what you're seeing in total. And you're seeing that also happen in North America, as well as International. To the other comments, a few other things to call out in terms of North America. If you take a look at our EGM revenue, certainly there was some impact in certain subcategories related to the Thailand flood. It certainly impacted some supply. Again, the good news is we certainly had some good third-party offerings in many of those subcategories as well. Same as -- another similar fact is in North America media, we saw very, very strong growth in digital media from books to video, music. All of those grew very well. We did see video games, which includes both consoles and games. Keep in mind that Q4 is very seasonal for video games. We actually saw our revenue decline year-over-year in video games. We had very strong third-party offerings, so our third-party growth was up. Our unit growth in video games was up, but our revenue was down. And that's what you're seeing impacting the North American media number, particularly versus Q4 last year. So again, those are some of the dynamics. But again, what you're seeing is some of this, certainly the strong performance on third-party sellers, is also impacting the top line, because we just recorded a portion of that sale, the commission. But you're seeing it positively impact operating income, which is why you see it came in a little bit above the guidance that we gave.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. We look at it certainly on an incremental -- from an incremental growth standpoint. And we look at it versus incremental unit growth, as well as what we think the NPVs for those specific investments are. But if you break down the individual pieces, again, as we've talked about in the last several calls, we've just seen such dramatic growth in both, first of all, from a retail perspective, on our retail offerings, been growing very fast. Our third-party with Fulfilled by Amazon, very fast. AWS has been growing very fast, and so the capacity that we've needed to support both our operations capability, as well as the infrastructure capability for our Web Services and our Retail business has been very high. That said, we feel that we're efficiently deploying that capital. We added -- as we talked about last call, we had planned to add 17 FCs, which is what we did in 2011, bringing our total to 69. And again, that represents the high growth that we're experiencing. So we feel very good about the investments that we're making. And with 46% paid unit growth in Q4, we're still experiencing very high growth.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the North American media, again, across all of digital media, very strong growth. Another call-out that I didn't mention is physical books. Unit growth was double digit in Q4 year-over-year, which we were very pleased with if you think about the shift to digital content and just the really rapid growth on the Kindle side. We were pleased to see that. And then I'd mentioned the video games was again down from a revenue perspective. Third-party GMS was up strongly. Unit growth in total for video games was up. Again, there's some difficult compares as you can imagine with some of the console piece of that. And again, when I talk video games, it's both console and video games. And keep in mind that video games in particular is very seasonal, and usually, we see in Q4, and we did see this Q4 as well as other Q4s, that video games sales for the quarter is multiples of what we see in other quarters, again because of the seasonality. So hopefully that's helpful. And then in terms of the stock purchase, we've had a -- there's not a lot to comment there. We have said in the past that we'll opportunistically buy when we think it's the right value, and that's what we did.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the disclosure, I would want to guide you right to the release to see exactly what's included in there. But certainly, in terms of some of the big pieces, it is our third-party. It is also AWS and a number of other service offerings. And so those are again documented well there, and I'd like to point you to that. Also, you can see that it's growing very well, and it reflects on the comments I made earlier about the fast-growing AWS businesses, the fast-growing third-party business. Service revenue is up approximately 74% year-over-year in Q4. And then in terms of fulfillment, we added 17 new FCs in 2011. That's globally. We do plan, based on the strong growth, to add more in 2012. As you can imagine, coming out of Q4, we're finalizing our plans for what we're going to do there. And you'll have to stay tuned, and we'll keep you updated as we go throughout the year.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Yes, just to be clear, I'm separating our digital -- when I talk about our growth rates, I'm talking about our digital content businesses across-the-board grew very strongly during Q4. The video games, physical, as well as consoles business, again grows. It's just seasonally very high. It's not -- if you take a look at it, it's not too dissimilar to what you'd see with our electronics portion of our EGM business. It's a very seasonal business, very heavy weighted in Q4. And so that's no different. That's not different this year than in other years. What is different is growth was down from a revenue perspective year-over-year. It was up from a units perspective. And again, the reason why it was up is because we had strong third-party sales in Q4. Keep in mind though, certainly console is a part of that. And again, we include consoles and video games as part of our video games line within North America media. And you've probably seen other press related to that as you look at other releases and updates. But there has been a lot of new offerings there recently.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Well, for digital video, we have a couple different offerings. One is a paid or rental offering as part of Amazon Video. We also have a service as part of Prime. We like both of them. We made some -- we put some comments in the release about the growth rates associated with those. And on the Prime that's in Video, we actually like what we see there also. And so it's still early, but we like what we see. We are investing in digital content. We're seeing great adoption. We're looking at it very carefully to understand a lot of different metrics around that business as you'd expect. And it's still early again. We really like what we see so far. We're going to continue to monitor it closely, but we will be continuing to add content there.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of both devices, meaning the readers and Fire, did very well and we're very pleased with the growth we're seeing there. And that's part of the -- both are included in the growth rate that we had in our release, which is again during the holiday season. It was up 177% year-over-year. And again, we've been growing certainly our Kindle reader business very fast over the past several years since introduction. And so it's on top of a good base. And so we're pleased with the growth rate, and customers like both the reader and the Fire. Early to tell on Prime conversion. But again, early stats that we're seeing, we like a lot. And so we'll continue to see how that looks going forward, but we like what we're seeing.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. First thing is we are investing in a lot of different areas across the business, as we've talked about. That being said, when you look at that increase that you're referring to, the majority of those increases are in our operations and customer service area. And so again, it's in support of the growth. And certainly, you're seeing it also in our operating costs. And again, we're fortunate to have a lot of opportunities. We're fortunate to have the growth that we're experiencing, and that's why you're seeing that growth. But certainly, you'll see that. As you have over time, you'll see that growth rate will go in cycles. But we certainly are feeding the growth that we're seeing and the opportunities that we have.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of international growth or in terms of, first of all, your question on guidance and the impact of exchange, we have a modest assumption around exchanges. Again, we're using the recent exchange rates. But the range for growth was 22% to 36%, and it was unfavorably impacting us by about 50 basis points for foreign exchange. In terms of growth in, you mentioned Western Europe, if you take a look at International in Q4, it was up 29% on a local-currency basis. It did hold up pretty well given obviously the challenges that are going on, specifically in Europe from an economic standpoint. We're not -- we don't view ourselves as a bellwether for the economy, but certainly we're seeing that it is softer. Hard to quantify how much higher that international growth would have been. But it was certainly -- we're all seeing the same thing in terms of the reports in Europe and it's certainly soft. So it is impacting our overall growth rate, but hard to tell how much. And then on the -- again on the North America media growth, it's actually again very, very strong on the digital content side. Physical books were up double digits from a unit perspective, which we thought was impressive given the shift to Kindle. And again, video games and video game consoles were certainly the biggest call-out there from a negative standpoint. And that growth was down year-over-year on a revenue basis but up from a unit perspective.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Yes, I'm not sure how to answer that, or exactly what you mean. What I would say is we have been investing very heavily as you mentioned. And as a result of that, Q4 unit growth was 46% year-over-year. That's paid unit growth. And we see a lot of opportunity in front of us. And yes, there's some pockets of softness or challenges with some of the economic impact, particularly in Europe. We did see some supply issues with the Thailand flood, with certainly some subcategories within some of our hard lines businesses as a result. We think those things will work themselves out over time. But we're incredibly optimistic about the opportunity that we have, and that's why we have invested the way we have and why we're continuing to invest in the business. So we're very pleased to see it and very pleased to have the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Thomas J. Szkutak: No, no. We're continuing to look. As we always do, we learn every week and every month and every quarter about more and more about customer adoption. And we're looking at just a lot of positive things across the business in terms of adoption of our digital offerings, very specifically Kindle growth from a device standpoint and the content that's following that. And we're seeing some very strong growth along many categories. If you look at EGM, we're seeing very good growth in categories like soft lines, particularly clothing. We're seeing very good growth in consumables. We're seeing very good growth outside of some of these supply-constrained areas. Within consumer electronics, we're seeing good growth. So there's a lot of positive things within EGM. Within our business, we're seeing just tremendous growth in Amazon Web Services, so I'm very pleased with how the team is doing there, and they're just doing a great job. And so there's a lot of interesting opportunities that we continue to invest in. So we're very pleased, and we're very pleased with the performance in Q4 and what it means going forward for us.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In each of our video -- excuse me, in each of our digital contents that we're offering, whether it be as part of Prime, whether it be Lending Library or whether it be video, we just have early results. And so from a return perspective, we're going to see -- what we can see so far is what's happening with adoption of Prime members, what's happening with free trial conversion, what's happening with Prime memberships that we can attribute directly to those services. And again, it's very, very early. But so far, we see, we like, which is why we're continuing down the path specifically of adding more content to Prime and making Prime better. And so that's something that we, over time, we've learned both with our physical offerings and now early on in our digital offering, it's something that we think is very good for customers and very good for share owners. And so that's something that we're focused a lot on. Because we're investing a lot there, we are taking a very close look at and making sure that we understand it very well. And from what we see so far, it supports a continued strong investment there. And so that's what we're doing. But again, we'll continue to monitor that very closely. And over time, we'll be sharing more about how we're doing there.
