Sean Boyle: Hello and welcome to our Q3 2012 financial results conference call. Joining us today is Tom Szkutak, our CFO. We will be available for questions after our prepared remarks. The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management’s views as of today, October 25, 2012 only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today’s press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. As you listen to today’s conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website. You’ll find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Sean Boyle: Great. Thanks, Tom. Let’s move on to the Q&A portion of the call. Operator, will you please remind our listeners how to initiate a question.
Sean Boyle: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website at least through the end of the quarter. We appreciate your interest in Amazon.com and look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Tom Szkutak: To take the first part of your question Scott, as it relates to operating profit in international you have the big pieces correct. First one is, we’re investing certainly very heavily in capacity and so you’re seeing that both fulfillment and infrastructure capacity that’s impacting our results there. In addition to that, we’re investing in the number of new geographies. We’ve talked about Italy and Spain over the last several calls those are certainly having an impact. We’re very excited about the opportunity that we have there, but certainly those are investments right now. China, as you also mentioned is creating a long-term opportunity for us, but certainly an investment and it is impacting that number. In addition, one that I don’t think you did mention was video content for international. We’re investing heavily in video content through our subsidiary LOVEFiLM for Europe. So those are things that are the primary drivers of what you’re seeing in operating income in international. In terms of shipping revenue there is not a lot. I can help you, but there is a number of factors that go into that number. If you take a look at both, the shipping revenue and then the resulting net shipping cost of fuel, the net shipping cost is getting a little bit better. Over time it’s getting closer and closer to customers with our RFC footprint. So those are some of things, but again a lot of dynamics that are certainly impacting that shipping revenue number.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the paid unit growth question, it was 39%. As you mentioned it was a deceleration from last quarter. Keep in mind still, the 39% growth is still growing at a faster rate than revenue, one. Two, if you take a look at last year’s unit growth in Q3, the 53% that we had, that was the second highest quarter that we’ve had in growth rate in the last 10 years. So we are overlapping a very strong growth last quarter. In terms of fulfillment expense, certainly as we’ve talked about in the past few years, stepping up very heavily in 2010 and 2011, and ‘12 from a fulfillment standpoint, we’ve just seen unprecedented growth. And we’ve added a lot of capacity, in terms of where it will level off, we’ll have to wait and see. Right now, we’re still experiencing very strong growth, with 30% growth on a local currency basis, 39% unit growth. So we’re going to continue to invest where we need to and the fulfillment capacity we do have, we’re going to make sure that we operate as efficiently as we can and get more efficient with that capacity over time.
Tom Szkutak: The vast majority or the highest percentage of our revenue is certainly coming from our online sales. We do, in the case of Kindle are using physical world retailers as well, which we’re very happy to do so. But again it’s not really a driver of our business.
Tom Szkutak: Maybe the best way to describe it would be, certainly we’re seeing customers certainly purchasing a lot of content. We like the idea of selling our Kindle Fires and then being rewarded through purchases of content going forward. All that being said, even though we’re rewarded with those sales, customers realize that we’re going to make sure that we work on behalf of them to make sure that content is not only very wide but also at great prices. And so, we continue to work with, to make sure that we can provide on customers behalf. But we’re seeing a very good shopping patterns on all types of content with the selection that we have. We’re seeing customers not only purchase content, we’re seeing Prime customers certainly being active and watching our free content as well and that’s working very well. So it’s a great combination of things that are going on there in engagement with the device.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of -- there is not a lot of specifics I can give you on a per device basis from a content standpoint in terms of what the purchasing patterns have been, but as I mentioned in the previous question, certainly customers are engaged in the device they are purchasing content. They all are also, in the case of video, they’re purchasing content as well as watching free content. In the case of books, they’re purchasing books as well if they’re Prime members. They’re participating in free content. So those are things that are going very well. We like what we see there, which is why we continue to investment in that business, which is why you see the offerings, the very compelling offerings that we have out there right now. So those are things that you should expect us to do more of. In terms of the content spend, if you’re referring to the – it’s related to Prime Instant Video, I think it’s probably what you’re referring to. We have added a lot of content. We like what we see so far. We’ll continue to monitor it very carefully. You should expect us to add more content going forward. We launched Prime, some number of years ago now and we had a little over 1 million items at launch. We then expanded that dramatically with many physical items. We’re now offering digital items through Prime as well, most notably in, certainly in books and video and we’re monitoring the performance very closely. But again, so far we’re seeing great new subscribers coming out of these efforts and we like what we see so far.
Tom Szkutak: You’re right. It is early. The only thing I could point to is, we collect in over -- either sales tax or equivalent value-added tax. We collect in over 50% of our revenue today. We have very good businesses in those states and geographies that we do that in long ago. That’s all I can point to today.
Tom Szkutak: Actually, we feel very good about the investments we’re making in fulfillment capacity. When I think about the types of investments that we’re making in terms of predictability, certainly, I would consider the fulfillment capacity to be more of the running of the business type investments. We have a lot of experience starting up new facilities, operating those efficiently and to the point where, as you know we’ve extended that not only to offer that service for our retail business, we also offer that to sellers to fulfill by Amazon. So those are things that we feel. Certainly those investments we feel good about but, what you’re seeing is certain just a very large ramp that we’ve done starting in 2010 through now. And you know it’s one of these investments, we only make those investments where we absolutely need too. But in terms of deploying that capital is those resources, we feel very good about it.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the euro piece, we’re not breaking out any specific countries in terms of growth. But as you can see from the results, we grew 27% in international and local currency basis, which includes obviously our footprint in Europe as well as China and Japan. So we feel the growth has been in the high-20s to low-30s over the past several quarters. Certainly, we’re reading the same thing that you’re reading in terms of the softness, hard to tell how much that’s impacting us. Again, when you look at 27% growth rates still think that’s pretty solid and the environment, again hard to tell how much we’re impacting -- impacted by that. In terms of social, we’re certainly very looking at a lot of different ways to reach our customers and certainly that’s an opportunity for us and something that our -- certainly our advertising and marketing teams are very conscious of and working on ways to best monetize those channels.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the first question, we have a longstanding practice of not talking about what we might or might not do. Certainly, Brazil is an interesting geography as well as there are others. And we certainly export to Brazil today, but beyond that there’s not a lot to talk to. In terms of fulfillment, you are seeing a little bit of leverage in Q3 versus what we’ve seen in the past few years. Again, it’s one quarter, I wouldn’t read too much into that at this stage. But certainly, we feel good about the footprint that we have. We feel good about a lot of the capacity that we’ve added since 2010. Some of that capacity going back is getting more productive than it had been. The challenging part is obviously we’re layering on a sizable number of [FC] this year on top of that, that you’re seeing the cost for. So, there is again the 19 that we’ve announced today.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of add-ons, we’re -- a goal is to try to make products available to customers that we aren’t able to make available to before. And so it’s very early, but that’s the -- it’s just one additional way that we can add selection for customers and be able to get it to customer profitably. So again, it’s not much more towards than that.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of holiday readiness, we feel very good. We’re -- as you can see from our inventory at the end of Q3 it started, we’re adding inventory getting ready for the holiday season that will happen throughout Q4. We’re continuing trying to increase our in stock levels. So, you’re certainly seeing some of that already in the numbers. And we’re very excited about getting ready for a great holiday season. And that’s with our own retail inventory. Certainly, we haven’t sellers, we’re selling on a platform would be doing the same thing. And we’re getting forward to have a great experience for customers during Q4. In terms of shipping cost leverage, I think there is a great opportunity over a longer period of time in terms of providing what there would happen from a short-term leverage standpoint to be premature to that at this stage. But we can checking in future periods and talk more about that.
Tom Szkutak: I think you’ve characterized it correctly. Digital content is growing very fast. And it’s reflected in the number that you see there, beyond that there is not a lot of call outs with the exception of. If you look back over the past five quarters, certainly the highest growth we’ve had will be Q3 of 2011, which we’re lapping. So, that’s the other factor. But again, very good growth on the digital media also keep in mind, that the growth of digital will also trail our device sales and given the new launches that we’ve had recently that’s -- that will be good for our digital content to going forward.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of same day delivery or delivery speed, we have just a tremendous amount of selection and what I was referring to last time was, I said, I talked about with a large amount of selection broadly to that certainly challenging to do same day everywhere, it’s certainly a challenge from an economic standpoint. That being said, we -- if you look back over the past several years, we have done -- added a lot of capacity. We’re getting -- we have large FCs that are closer and closer to customers that has helped improve our delivery speed to customers and programs like Prime specifically has helped us get closer and closer to customers from a delivery speed standpoint. So, what I would expect moving forward would be more the same. We’re going to continue to improve the customer experience in every possible way we can, which includes getting closer to customers from a shipping standpoint. And we feel good about that and again, you’ve seen improvements some in the past year and in the past several years and New York is one of those examples, where you’re seeing certainly indoor shipments going in the same day in cases.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of return on invested capital beyond the total numbers, there is not any specifics that I can point to right now. But what I can tell you is, in terms of your profile if you think about the parts of our business. The retail business, I feel very good. We have a lot of experience in terms of getting greats returns for our shareowners. We feel something that we have, again a lot of experience in. As we’ve added new categories in particular geographies. Oftentimes, we’ve already launched those in other geographies. So we’re able to learn from the experiences we’ve had to-date. So, we feel good about those. We have a great portion of our businesses. And our media business is converting to digital. So, we’ve talked a lot about that. And feel very good about the opportunity that we have there, both in terms of making great devices as well as integrating content into those devices. So, we feel good about that business and its growing very fast. In terms of our Web Services business that’s a -- if you start with the core operation of that business. We’ve been in that part of the business serving Amazon, the customer since inception. We’ve added a lot of new services that have helped both Amazon internally, as well as external customers. We like the characteristics of the potential ROIC potential of those of that business as well. Our third-party business continues to grow on our consumer business dramatically. And we like the ROIC potential of those. We’re investing in a lot of new geographies, a few in the last couple of years, on top that China. China’s you should think about that one has more of the long-term opportunity, something that we’ve been investing in for several years, you shouldn’t be expecting high returns on invested capital in the short run in that geography, but very exciting from a long-term perspective. Italy and Spain, we’re in an investment mode in those geographies. But again, those are more in line with some of the other geographies we’re in, in terms of timeline for returns and feel very good about those. So, hopefully that gives you some picture of a little bit of the landscape and how we’re thinking about ROICs.
