Dave Fildes: Hello, and welcome to our Q2 2021 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2020. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 29,2021, only, and will include Forward-looking statements.  Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures.  Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to-date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce and cloud services, and the various factors. detailed in our filings with the SEC.  This guidance also reflects our estimates to-date regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including those discussed in our filings with the SEC, and is highly dependent on numerous factors that we may not be able to predict or control, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any recurrence; actions taken by governments, businesses, and individuals in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on global and regional economies and economic activity, workforce, staffing, and productivity; and our significant and continuing spending on employee safety measures; our ability to continue operations in affected areas; and consumer demand and spending patterns, as well as the effects on suppliers, creditors, and third-party sellers, all of which are uncertain.  Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, investments, restructurings, or legal settlements. It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Dave Fildes: Doug, on your second question, it's Dave here. I’d just say our focus is really squarely on adding capacity to meet the current high customer demand that Brian talked about in his opening remarks. We're always working to develop new and innovative ways to support partners, SMBs in particular who sell on Amazon, and that includes testing shipping programs and newer initiatives that can help those businesses get packages to customers quickly and reliably. So, continue to see us look for ways to be able to innovate where it's appropriate relative to the customer demand we're already seeing in our network.
Dave Fildes: Brian, on the second point just around speed, as we've talked about many times, customers respond well to the fast, high-quality delivery and of course, back in 2019, we were talking at that time about expanding the one-day delivery in the U.S. in the Europe, one-day delivery as part of Prime in most of those are sizable European countries where we operate has been standard for many years.  We're investing in the transportation network to support the demands, a significant part of the capital investments we've been talking about for the past few years, and certainly since the pandemic's start, has been to support those efforts in middle and last mile capacity to keep pace and support with that demand. So as we [Indiscernible] here that work's not done yet. We're continuing to expand.  You'll see that investment throughout 2021. And that growing transportation network will support faster delivery times for customers. One-day delivery is improving and -- in the U.S. as well as same-day delivery, where it makes sense and where the network is growing there. So we'll have to continue to see how we go, but we are focused on those data points. And we're also focused on improving delivery precision as a way of improving the quality of -- of the overall offering.
Dave Fildes: Stephen, it's Dave. I'll take that first question just around SMBs and behavior. I think, look, it's -- we've seen a 20-year progression in terms of building out the services that we thought were resonated with us and our business, but also saw very early on to externalize those services and offerings to sellers and particularly, small-medium size businesses over time.  Obviously, noteworthy with FBA and many other features. And so I think this -- what you see is really just a continuation of that effort put out by the teams around, whether it's logistics, brand representation. More recently. in recent years with some of the advertising features, we've been able to develop surface, for all our selling partners. And so I think that's a big area and a big part of commitment.  I don't know that I [Indiscernible] anything specifically in the near term other than to say that we should continue to see great momentum on a units basis as we give that metric every quarter, about 56% of our overall total paid units, are third-party. That's up about 300 basis points year-over-year. So, expect for us to continue to put forth that effort in FBA around the world. for sellers and some of these other SMB features continue to gain momentum there.
Dave Fildes: Thanks for joining us today on the call and for your questions. A replay will be available on our IR website for at least 3 months. We appreciate your interest in Amazon and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Now as far as Q2 run rate is concerned, if you look back the last few quarters, we've not done a great job of nailing the impact of COVID. We have generally over-performed our guidance range. I think last quarter we had kept the same process coming off some very high volumes for the last prior four quarters.  And really, the only difference I see is in Q2 versus Q1, and before is the year-over-year comp, which we had factored in, but also the increase in mobility. I think the impact of people getting vaccinated and getting out in the world, not only shopping offline, but also living life and getting out.  It takes away from shopping time. It's good -- it's a good phenomenon and it's great, and we just have to appropriately gauge our run-rate going forward. So, Prime Day was very successful. We passed the record set in last fall's Prime Day, which was a very different time of year to have Prime Day and started to bump up against early holiday shopping, so we're really pleased. And again, I think it was a great day then for third-party sellers as I pointed out.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. On the second question, I don't have anything to announce today. Our trend has been once a year. Of course, it's moved between quarters the last three years. So, that's all I have on that one. As far as the higher-margin areas and whether that's a purposeful strategy, I'd like to say it is, but if you look at what they are third-party is kind of a continuation of strength in our FBA program, in particular, I think the sellers are doing a great job of adding additional selection that's very valuable and reinforces our flywheel, and we'd like to see that and you see that third-party percent of units went up from 53% last year to 56%, and that's a steady mark.  We've seen that, as we said, the third-party sellers are doing a great job and we like to see that. On advertising, advertising is, again, another part of our flywheel. We have traffic coming in for the consumer business. And if we do a good job with advertising, we'll make it an additive experience for our customers and our sellers and vendors.  So that's what we work on, is to make sure that it's a relevant experience and adds to your shopping experience and helps you find selection that perhaps you wouldn't have found otherwise or it would've been harder to. And then on AWS, AWS is again, its own separate part of the business. It has been 15 years in the development, and we think our scale and experience really pays dividends.  If you looked at the last quarter, AWS set more revenue quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year than any quarter in our history. We are now at $59 billion annualized run-rate business, and that's up from 43 billion at this time last year. So, those are output measures as we like to say, the input measures are doing a good job on products, adding new capabilities, and being able to work with our customers to solve their problems.  I think that's what you are seeing and it's matching up well with a renewed emphasis on getting to the cloud by a lot of companies out there. And when they're looking to make that transition, it's giving up control and putting yourself in -- and choosing a partner for the long haul, and we're proud that companies choose us for that journey.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Thanks. Yes, I would say on the fulfillment side, there are a number of things. First, we are adding a lot of capacity. If you step back, the Amazon fulfilled unit volume, so that's the units coming out of our fulfillment centers both retail and FBA have doubled in the past 2 years. And the AMZL, the delivery arm of our business, has more than doubled in that time period. So, you can see there's been very strong multiyear demand here that we're still catching up with from last year. So most of -- I mentioned earlier our year-over-year growth in CapEx and equipment leases is 74% in the second -- at the end of June compared to 38% the year before.  So, we're continuing to add and most of that development is really ahead of us in the second half of the year. So, if you've been with us a long time, you know, the cadence is that as we add demand -- excuse me, as we add capacity, there's a lot of additional costs from hiring to starting up to training, to getting that building or sort center or delivery station up and running. It usually takes a multi-year period to tame those assets.  And we've literally nearly doubled our network here in the last 18 months from a size standpoint. There's a lot of that going on, a lot of strong effort by our fulfillment and ops teams to help mitigate the costs. The other thing is wage pressure has become evident, we've talked about this a bit.  The wage increase for -- that we normally would do in October, we pulled forward into May. We're spending a lot of money on signing and incentives. And while we have very good staffing levels, it's not without cost. It's very competitive labor market out there, and certainly the biggest contributor to inflationary pressures that we're seeing in business.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with the online store's revenue. You're probably looking at a growth rate of 13% in Q2 versus the revenue growth -- FX-neutral revenue growth rate of 24%. I would point you back to last year in Q2. At that online stores grew 49%, there were restrictions on what we stocked in our warehouses. And as you remember, we had to constrain space for a lot third-party sellers as well as our retail offering. But the mix shifted for the early part of Q2 last year to be more of a retail mix and then MFN mix, and then it flip back to be more balanced mix that you've seen in the past.  On forward investment, here's how I would explain it. Again, we are sitting here with demand volumes that have gone up on an Amazon Fulfilled Network basis. It's doubled in the 2-year period. So we are not back to where we want to be on a number of dimensions. We handled Q4 last year, we've been playing catch-up pretty much since the pandemic started. But what suffered is space and space constraints. And that's -- it's gotten better, but it was a factor last year.  And also our one-day delivery percentage has dropped and has not returned to levels seeing pre-pandemic in the United States, It's on par and getting better than pre-pandemic in Europe. But in the United States, while it's improving, it still hasn't reached the pre-pandemic level. So we have a lot of growth to do there. As far as the stickiness of purchases. I think there's certainly a number of things that were purchased last year that didn't repeat for a lot of retailers.  Things like consumables early on, gloves, cleaning supplies, computer monitors, some things you use to outfit your house. You can probably go through your own checklist of purchases and say, okay, I probably will not do this every year. But there has been a healthy movement to online commerce. We have -- we've added Prime members, and the Prime members that we have have ratcheted up their purchases with us, which was always part of the plan and a good sign. It means we're offering them more things that they can buy and satisfying more their demand needs.  Even in Q2, when, and as I said, rates are starting to moderate, in the quarter, those Prime member purchases still grew year-over-year on a -- per Prime member basis they just didn't grow at the same cliff that they had in the prior 3 or 4 quarters. So that's a good sign. And we like the engagement levels and the retention levels that we see with Prime members.  So all-in-all very positive story on that front has accelerated the model quite a bit. There's just, again, some comparison issues that we'll just have to realize and perhaps look at a 2-year compound annual growth rate for a period of time to judge where we are on that progress because there's been a lot of ins and outs, especially with Prime Day moving around. So hopefully that answers your question.
Brian Olsavsky: And on the labor comment, we can't predict too far in the future. We've got labor estimate in our Q3 guidance, I would say it's a bit of a complicated mix of economic growth and industries opening up, government payments in some areas that may impact people's working, and then whether or not children are at back at school fully in the fall. So there's a lot of dynamics we do count on having more employees in Q3 and Q4, as you know, from our ramp up to the holidays. So I would I would probably count on wage pressure remaining for the immediate future.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Ron, thanks for your question. Yes, we have had strong international results in the last five quarters or so. Noticeably, the positive operating income, which had not been the trend prior to Q2 of last year. I would say the major factors here are the acceleration of growth, so we've in some ways put the set 2 years out - growth on top of today's assets. That's a lot of stress, but it's a lot of leverage of the assets that we have.  And as we've talked about before, our fulfillment centers and operations have been running pretty much at peak since May of last year. It's starting to mitigate a bit, but it's a strong undercurrent. But having said that, we continue to invest in international expansion. You may have noticed that we added Portugal as a Prime country last quarter. We have investments in Brazil, and India, and the Middle East and a number of countries. So we continue to add new countries.  We have a strong performance in our more established countries like Europe and Japan. And so it's a bit of a mixed bag, but right now, again, the performance is very strong. The foreign exchange rate has been favorable as well last few quarters. So that has helped. But really pleased with the performance of our international teams.  And we'll see again it -- our investment plans -- our plans are to make money, obviously in the long run. But we have forward advanced Prime benefits in a lot of these countries before they would have been able to see them. and if they have run the same trajectory as we did in the U.S. so there's bit of forward investment on Prime benefits, especially things like video, that resonate with customers and are good for the Prime program, and turn into eventually really strong businesses.
Brian Olsavsky: Hi, Jason. Thank you. Let me start with that second question. No, my comments were really about throttling of space last year which did impact -- it impacted our vendors and our retail business as well as our third-party business, probably more pronounced in Q2 of last year, especially April and into early May as we are working to get fully staffed in a help -- helpful and safe way, and also build out more capacity.  In Q4, again, we're handling volumes that were somewhat unheard of year-over-year. Our Q4 growth rate was 42%. That's usually not the case, and it's magnified at peak when we're already handling the highest volumes of the year. All I was trying to say was that our space planning and if you will, throttling of space for their price was not something we like to do. We don't think we're the only ones who had that issue. And that's why we're building out our networks so quickly in our minds.  It's hard to do quickly. but we're moving as quickly as possible. And again, we have a lot of new capacity being added in the second half of the year. On AWS growth, if you look at the run rate in last year, we had 33% growth rate in Q1 and it dropped to 29, 29, and 28 the last 3 quarters.  There's always a lot of year-over-year things going on, but we do note that last year there was a lot of effort by companies to limit their spend and operate more efficiently as as we're all plunged into an unknown demand curve and some industries who were hurt worse than others.  If you remember, we worked -- we actually worked very hard with our customers to help them lower their demand for AWS services as best we could to match any new demand patterns. We also help [Indiscernible] scale very quickly. Companies like [Indiscernible], Netflix and others were very help -- glad that AWS was there to help them scale to meet volume very quickly, so there's a lot of mixed bag there.  We think that it was a strong performance for this quarter. We can see good trends with new contracts and new clients that are either signing up with AWS and making the journey to the Cloud or accelerating their journey to the Cloud, or setting up new longer-term contracts with us.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with the second one. So again, at any point in time, there's a lot of cross pressures in the operating margins of AWS. There's growth which helps us leverage our assets. There's increasing the efficiency of our servers and efficiency of our sales force. Those are all positives. On the flipside, there's price decreases, there's new contracts signed with large players for multiple years. So there's pricing pressure. There's also the expansion of the sales force and building infrastructure to add new regions globally.  So as we said, these margins are going to bounce around. We're happy with the Q2 margins. I would note that there was a negative impact from foreign exchange that was about 150 basis points. But even at 28.3, it's a strong margin for this business. We know it's going to bounce around as we invest, but also worked very hard to scale our businesses in and efficiently run our assets. on the leadership change.  It's your -- expect Andy, he's hit the ground, running. He's continuing to have a very high bar for customer experience. high standards, operational excellence, inventiveness, willingness to fail, and everything else that Amazon is known for internally and externally. I think we've had a good handoff. Jeff, of course, is moving into Executive Chairman role and he will not be leaving.  He is obviously continuing to be very involved in, as we say, the 1-way door decisions. We've also had a good leadership change at AWS with Adam Selipsky coming in. Adam himself comes with a lot of Amazon history and knowledge and external CEO experience that has made him even stronger as he comes back.  So we feel really good about the transition. And of course, don't expect any drop and expect Andy to add his unique brand of positive attitude and optimism in forward-looking focus to help Amazon keep going and delighting customers.
