Thomas Szkutak: Sure. Subscribe and Save is going very well. It's something that certainly customers like a lot. And we're getting that benefit in the consumer portion of the consumer category today, again, it's something that we're excited about and customers are excited about, so we're happy to offer it to them.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of overall growth, we are very pleased with what we saw, just kind of frame up that discussion a bit. We saw 40% growth year-over-year total year 2010, which is the best growth rate we've seen since 2000. We saw Q4 growth rate overall of 37% on local-currency basis, which matches our best growth rate for any Q4 we've had on a local-currency basis since 2000. And then unit growth was 43%, which certainly going back several years, we haven't seen any quarter that's had that growth. So we're seeing very strong growth across many categories, across many geographies. In terms of the international growth specifically, if you look back to last year, we did have very strong media growth in international in Q4. You'll see that it's up 26% on a local-currency basis, which is one of the strongest quarters we've had, and we're overlapping that. There were some new releases that were in Q4 last year. Most notably, the Windows 7 release one, Dan Brown's book in Germany is other, those are a few examples, but there are a few releases that were in there. The other piece to that we haven't -- certainly difficult to quantify but there was certainly some impact from some of the weather that we saw in Europe during the month of December. But again, we're very pleased with the growth that we saw in Q4 in total, including international, and we're happy with what we see there. In terms of some of your questions surrounding media. Again, we are seeing good growth there. As you mentioned, we're seeing, so far, quarter date this quarter, we saw that Kindle books exceeded paperbacks, which is very exciting and while having paperbacks continue to grow, year-over-year. So again, we're seeing very strong growth there. So again, we're pleased with the growth we're seeing across the business.
Thomas Szkutak: Certainly, the agency piece is included in the numbers that we reported today. But in terms of the impact, we're not breaking that out. But again, we're very excited with the growth that we're seeing within books, e-books specifically and physical books are going well as well.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the guidance, let me just put that in context. And probably the best way to do it is just again a reminder on 2010. The fact that we had very strong growth, the best growth we've seen in 10 years. Fourth quarter matched the best, on a local-currency basis growth, matched the best fourth quarter we've had since 2000. And again, very strong unit growth and the best we've seen. With all that growth, we had to add a lot of capacity, most of which was in the second half of last year. We added fulfillment capacities for the corner retail business. We added fulfillment capacities to support our growing fulfilled by Amazon business was part of our seller business. We added a lot of infrastructure capacity to support our fast-growing AWS business, as well as our retail business. So those reflected, when you look at our Q4 results and our 2010 results, those are reflected in the CapEx numbers that you're seeing, and those are reflected in the fulfillment as well as the tech and content lines when you look at our operating expense line items. And so because it was largely back half of the year loaded, you're seeing more of that in Q1. So those are reflected in the growth rate. Now the question will be we're not giving guidance beyond Q1, but what will this mean going forward? And so one of the things that we're doing is certainly, when you look at our Q1 guidance, you look at our topline guidance, we're cautiously optimistic about Q1, in a very strong growth. And we'll have to see how much we invest throughout the year in 2011 based on that. But again, I'm very, very happy with the capital we're able to deploy. You should keep in mind that with the sheer amount of capacity that we added in 2010, it doesn't become, it's not fully utilized day 1 and we don't get the optimum productivity on day 1. So what that means is we get productivity on those operations. We get returns on those assets that we deploy over a period of time. But if you look at our history, we've gotten very good returns on that capital. And so to me, I'm very pleased to put that capital in place. And if we have to add more in 2011, it will be a high-quality problem.
Thomas Szkutak: Lovefilm, we think it's just a very exciting opportunity. We've had a close association with that business for some time. We're very pleased to be able to offer customers the media space within Europe they're offering. So again we're very excited about it, and you have to stay tuned on that one.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of the guidance for Q1, specifically in terms of acquisitions, the Lovefilm or Quidsi, which haven't closed yet are not reflected in guidance. So those are not in our Q1 numbers. In terms of living social, we're very pleased with the investment that we've made there. In terms of any commentary on the recent deal, the recent one-day offer that they had. We're very excited that they offered Amazon gift certificates, and we think it's great for customers and we're happy they've enabled that.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of AWS, we're extremely pleased with how AWS is going. It's growing at a very fast rate. We're investing in that business to support that growth rate. You're correct, in terms of seeing the North America Other growth rate drop from 52% to 45% year-over-year from Q3 to Q4. Keep in mind that there's a number of things in there including AWS that tend to be a little lumpy. But we did see actually an acceleration of growth in AWS from Q3 to Q4. So built into that number, it actually accelerated. So again we're very pleased with the growth that we're seeing there. In terms of Grocery, we have two things that you probably could be referring to. One is our Drygoods business, which is within our Consumer business that we're very pleased with that we have on Amazon.com, as well as some other sites. In addition to that, we have a local test here in Seattle called Amazon Fresh. Again, that is a test that we've been conducting. We're pleased with how the test is going. But again, it's a test and we'll continue to see how that goes and see if we invest further on that test. Again, we do a number of tests in different parts of our business and that happens to be one of them. We have a great team that's working on it, but you'll have to stay tuned to see if we do more there.
Thomas Szkutak: We had approximately 52 at the end of 2010. We added 13 last year. We will add more fulfillment centers this year. We haven't said, we weren't saying how many yet because again we're trying to determine what the growth rate will be. And based on what we've seen in Q1, we're certainly cautiously optimistic which is reflected in the growth rate you see for guidance for Q1. So we'll have to wait and see, and we'll be back with you as we go throughout the year. But just to be clear, again, I've mentioned in one of the other questions that I think would be a very high-quality problem. And the reason why I say that is what our teams are doing around the world right now, which is the same thing we've been doing for the last 15 or 16 years in working with our various fulfillment centers is even though we're not fully utilized in some of these new assets that we deployed in 2010 or our productivity is not optimum, that team will work to utilize those assets. As we continue to grow, we'll get better and better productivity as we go, just like we have in our other fulfillment centers around the world that we've had experience with. So we're very excited about that. And so when you think about the fulfillment centers, even though they can be a little bit dilutive in the short term by looking at our fulfillment expense, the reason why I'm very excited about is that you can just look at our return on invested capital. If you take our return on invested capital at the end of 2010, we had approximately $7.4 billion of invested capital. That's a 5-point average over the last five quarters. If you take out cash and marketable securities over the same period, that's about $6.5 billion. So we have about $900 million of invested capital. And even with our heavier spend in CapEx last year, we generated $2.5 billion of cash flow. So we have an excess of 250% of return on our invested capital x cash and marketable securities. And so again, that's a full business. It includes a lot of things over a period of time. But if you think about that capacity where we need it because of growth, we're certainly very happy. We do it judiciously and make sure we do it appropriately. But very happy to deploy that capital to get great returns for shareholders over time. And again, the returns that we've gotten are certainly historical, not predictive. But again, we're very happy to deploy that capital, and I feel very good about it.
Thomas Szkutak: No, we haven't quantified the CapEx for Q1, I apologize. But again, we will do what we need to do to support the growth in both the infrastructure and fulfillment.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of pricing, we've had a number of different strategies over the course of our history. But certainly, our objective is to have great values for customers over all of our selection, over all of our geographies, and that hasn't changed. And so we're very excited to offer customers that. It's a reason, certainly one of the drivers for the growth that we've been able to have over our history. And so one of the things that we do, do is when we enter a new category and add selection within that category, we price it day 1 as competitively as we can. So in other words, we price it competitively day 1 based on the intelligence we have. And sometimes that means it's a very low gross margin because we're just entering those particular categories with those particular items. And that's something we've been consistently doing for a number of years, and we like that strategy.
Thomas Szkutak: First off, we have a long-standing practice of not breaking out any individual products or categories. But what I can say about Kindle is it's growing very fast. We're extremely pleased with what we're seeing. We sold millions of devices in Q4. The content business, the content part of it is growing very fast as evidenced by some of the comments we put in the earnings release. .So far quarter-to-date this quarter again Q1, we have Kindle content, Kindle book sales growing at a faster rate than paperbacks, which is really exciting. And so that business is going very well. And with the opportunity that we see there, we're continuing to invest in that business. We think it's a very good business for us, and we're excited about the long-term opportunity there.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, we happen to like both. Even though we're extremely excited about our Kindle business, our physical book business continues to grow as well. And so we're very excited about both parts of our business. And again we think, when I was mentioning Kindle, we just think it's a great opportunity for us. It has great tracks right now. Customers like it. We're able to offer so many titles right now on less than 60 seconds right to for a customer to be able to read. And one of the things you can't do with a physical book is you can't, from a service perspective with our model, it's very difficult to get it to a customer now. And with Kindle, we can do that in less than 60 seconds. You can carry around your library with you very lightly, and so we think it's just great for customers, and we're seeing that the growth, both in terms of devices and content, is just fantastic. And so we're continuing to invest and continue to improve that experience for customers. In terms of gross margins versus operating margins, we actually don't focus a lot on individual percentages, whether it be gross margins or operating margins. We're focused on ultimately over the long term on free cash flow, free cash flow per share. We like to look at our return on invested capital. I mentioned earlier what our return on invested capital is today. That includes appropriately so the cash and marketable securities that we have in that balance. But certainly, if you were to deploy that cash and return that to shareholders over time, you can see the underlying returns on invested capital x cash are very high and in excess of 250% right now. And so we think it's a very efficient capital business, and we think that we certainly like the model that we have and the opportunity that it brings to our shareholders over the long term.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of Kindle apps, we think it's good for customers that they can read their Kindle books on their Kindle, as well as many other devices. And so that's what you see today. We have these apps so that it's easy for customers to be able to do that. Customers like that feature, and you should expect us to continue to expand that over time. So how much is it contributing to overall growth? It's hard to say. But again, customers are responding to the vast selection that we have, the great prices we have for Kindle content, the ease of which they can carry it around with them with the great convenience on the device, the Kindle device itself, so we're very excited about it. In terms of fulfillment. We continue to work with our fulfillment to make it as seamless as possible for customers. That's really what it's all about in each of the geographies we're in, and we'll continue to do so. So wherever we can make that service within Europe, better for customers, we will. It will come from whatever fulfillment center makes sense.
Thomas Szkutak: No, I think, not commenting on the lifetime value of customers. But we continue to offer new things for customers to make the experience better for customers. So we're adding new selection to make that better for customers. We launched Prime a number of years ago which continues to grow because we want to make sure that we give great service to customers. Many of our digital initiatives are around how do we make sure we get customers, not only creating great price and great selection but they get to have their content immediately. And so those are the things -- that is always -- with us, we start with the customer first. That's where our focus is. We found that by aligning with the customer, it's been great for customers as well as great for shareholders over time. So that's the focus that we've had and the driver behind the initiatives over the past several years.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, certainly we added, continued to support the Zappos marketing spend in 2010. That was a part of it. We're always looking for ways to reach customers through our marketing spend. We also did, you'd probably noticed a fair amount of Kindle ads during 2010, primarily starting for the most part heavier after Q1 of last year, which we saw a great response to. So again those are some of the dynamics to think about.
Thomas Szkutak: We are seeing adoption of Prime in our geographies. It continued to grow nicely, and customers like Prime. They like that service element of Prime. We have different offerings, depending on the geography that we're offering it in. In the U.S., you can get express two-day shipping for free, you get one day and also some other offers, in terms of weekend offers as well. So again, there's some interesting service element to that. And customers are responding very well to it, both existing Prime members as well as new Prime members. So it's going very well.
Thomas Szkutak: No. And again, hard to tell when that would happen, but that's certainly not what we're experiencing.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of when the fulfillment centers will reach their optimum utilization and productivity, we're still getting productivity on existing fulfillment centers that we've had for quite some time. So it'll be something that will evolve over a longer period of time. But again, if you look at the returns that we've gotten on the previous fulfillment centers that we've launched, they have been great uses of capital. So we're very happy about that. And in terms of your question on double-digit operating margins, we've said for a long time and nothing's changed in that regard. We think that certainly double-digit operating margins are possible. If it means that we have some high single-digit operating margin that maximizes free cash flow, we're certainly okay with that and have room to go there. But we're certainly focused on how do we get the best free cash flow, free cash flow per share while getting great efficiency on our invested capital. And so nothing's changed there.
Thomas Szkutak: Again, we grew 29% on a local-currency basis for international, 26% on a dollar basis, a challenging compare from fourth quarter of 2009 where we certainly, from a media perspective, had one of our best growth rates that we've had in any quarter previously. EGM grew at 50% on a local-currency basis, so very strong growth. And again, we have a long-standing practice. We're not talking about other companies, but we're very pleased with what our international team is doing. We have a great opportunity there for further growth. In terms of Italy, very early, but pleased with what we're seeing so far, and I like the opportunity there.
