Thomas Szkutak: Sure. In terms of your first question, what we saw for Japan, first of all to talk just briefly about Q1 and then I'll talk about Q2. Q1 in terms of impact, we think the impact is approximately 500 basis points on international revenue. If you take a look at international revenue growth, excluding foreign exchange, was up 27%. So about for the unfortunate events in Japan, it would have been approximately 32%. The impact on Q1 in terms of consolidated segment operating income was approximately $20 million. What we saw post the events, we certainly saw a pretty sizable slowdown for the few weeks ending the quarter. What we've seen since then so far quarter-to-date has been that certainly our growth rates have picked up, but they're not at the rates they were previous to the events. So again, we're seeing a positive growth there but not the growth rates we were seeing prior to that. And so what we believe for the quarter, along with all of our other assumptions are included in the guidance that we've given today. In terms of your second question related to shipping profit, what you're really seeing there is customers are coming out in great numbers with all of our adopting all of our free shipping programs including Amazon Prime. I think we're seeing great adoption there and that's really what's driving those numbers.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of your first question, Jeetil, related to Prime, we are seeing these similar dynamics. We are seeing customers love Prime in all geographies that we've offered it in. We are seeing great cross shopping that's happening, so customers really like the program. And obviously we have different offers depending upon geography, but we're very pleased with what we're seeing so far. In terms of Kindle, we've seen tremendous growth both from a device standpoint, as well as a unit standpoint in terms of digital books in the U.S. And where we are now offering it outside of the U.S., we're seeing the same -- even though it's early, we're seeing great adoption and growth there. So we're very, very happy to see the progress that we've made. One thing that we're doing obviously, you probably saw the launch related to -- the announcement related to Kindle special offers, we actually will start shipping tomorrow. The teams did a nice job of moving the dates up from several days from now to start shipping tomorrow, so very pleased to be able to offer that and excited about that offering.
Thomas Szkutak: Probably the best way to answer the unit growth rate is if you take a look at what we saw in Q4 which is 43% growth rate, we saw a nice acceleration from 43% to 51% in Q1. What you're seeing there is we saw a great growth across the business. But the biggest thing you're seeing is that -- which primarily the consequence of growth of our digital business. That's what you're seeing in the growth rate, the acceleration in growth rate from Q4 to Q1. In terms of AWS, again, the team is working very deliberately on the way to identify and validate and fix the root causes associated with this incident, and that's what they're working on and I don't really have a lot to add to that at this time.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. In terms of your first question, we're not breaking out the individual line items, if you will, for operating expenses. But if you take a look at what we saw in Q1, you're seeing that we've added a lot of capacity to our CapEx and you'll also see the fulfillment capacities here on our CapEx and you'll also see it in the fulfillment line item. We added 13 fulfillment centers last year. If you take a look at the announcements that we've had to date, we're adding 9 fulfillment centers this year. Those are the ones that we've announced. With the growth rates we're seeing, you should expect -- if the order continues, you should expect to see more than that this year as well, more than the 9. So that's what you're seeing in the Q1. And you'll also see that reflected in the Q2 guidance as well. Same is true with Tech and Contents. We're adding a lot of capacity to support our growing business. Again, you've seen that reflected in the CapEx as well as the Q1 Tech and Content line and that's also reflected in the guidance as well. In terms of state taxes, one thing you keep in mind is we actually collect sales and value-added tax in approximately 50% of our revenue base, sort of a little over 50% of our revenue base today. And so the growth rates that you're seeing reflect the fact that we are collecting in more than half of our revenue base. So beyond that, there's not a lot I can add there.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. If you look at North America, other growth in the North America includes a number of items, including Web services. So it's a combination of all those items that we've talked about in the past. And so but certainly, Web services is a meaningful part of that. In terms of the CapEx question, what you see in CapEx is -- if you look at the growth, we had $1.1 billion of CapEx in the last 12 months. And if you look at the growth year-over-year of that CapEx, approximately 80% of that is due to pure capacity. And that's capacity in terms of fulfillment, that's capacity from an infrastructure standpoint to serve the retail business as well as AWS. And another 10% to 12% is associated with just the corporate office space and the remainder is a number of small items. So again, the vast majority, approximately 80%, is due to capacity, both infrastructure and our operation capacity. In terms of your question about how we think about AWS, we, like a lot of parts of our business, we look at that business very discretely and all the services very discretely. And we look at the ROIC potential of those businesses and the opportunity to work on trying to figure out the best way we get great returns for shareholders. And that's something that we've been doing since we launched the business, and obviously we have a lot more information to do that now than we did at launch. But again, it's something that we do continuously.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of marketing, the 2 primary paid marketing are still our associates channel and sponsored search. And so those are our 2 primary, but you're correct in terms of we are doing, as you've probably seen, some more broadscale advertising related to Kindle would be certainly incremental year-over-year and certainly impacting that number. In terms of the equity line, we do have a number of equity investments. And certainly, one of those is LivingSocial. And it's certainly impacting that number that you're seeing.
Thomas Szkutak: Yes, in terms of our advertising business, it's still very early. The team has done a fantastic job growing that business, and we'll have to wait and see what we do further with that business, but it's something that the team has done a great job. And it allows us and we think it allows us over time to have another way to have great low prices for customers.
Thomas Szkutak: Here's where we are. We've had announcements of 9 fulfillment centers. 1 is operational today, 1 is coming up, will be operational in the coming days. We're actually doing receiving now. And then the remainder of those fulfillment centers will be throughout the year. And my comment was those are the ones that we've announced that certainly with the high growth that we're experiencing, you should expect that, should that continue, we would be adding additional fulfillment centers beyond it. What you are seeing in the Q2 guidance certainly reflects the fact that we will be adding capacity. And that's certainly 1 of the factors that went into the guidance that we've given.
Thomas Szkutak: Well, as we look at these new businesses, we're certainly looking at it from a free cash flow and a return on investment standpoint from a long term -- with a long-term perspective. We're incredibly excited in that specific one that you mentioned with Kindle because we see that customers are buying a lot more books. And so we're incredibly excited to be able to offer that to customers. We think the potential long term is -- we love the potential that it has long term and we continue to invest in that business.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of Quidsi and Lovefilm, yes they're both in Q2. The impact is on revenue, approximately $140 million of revenue in Q2 which works out to be about 220 basis points of growth. Consolidated segment operating income is actually negative, approximately $15 million, and GAAP operating income is approximately negative $30 million in the quarter. So that's what's included in the Q2 guidance for Quidsi and Lovefilm combined. In terms of content, you have to stay tuned on that. We're not putting out those details. But the only thing I would say about it is we're very, very pleased with the adoption so far and it's very early and we will be adding some more content over time.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the first part, we have a fantastic operations team that is continuing to look at ways to improve delivery speed, as well as improving our cost structure over time. And that's something you'd see if you look back over our history, it's something that they've worked on. And so they're always looking at ways to better serve customers and to get better. And so there's a number of ways that they do that. And it's a constant focus. In terms of the capacity, I don't think there's anything, any way to really help you because, again, the utilization will vary from week-to-week and quarter-to-quarter. But what we are seeing is, as you would expect with this great growth that we're experiencing, there is just more demand for capacity and that's both from a fulfillment capacity, that's both from our core retail business as well as fulfilled by Amazon.
Thomas Szkutak: We're not giving -- we have been able to get good improvements over the past several years in AP days. We're not giving guidance on what that could look like, but we continue to work with our partners to improve our working capital cycle. And obviously, there's certainly a mix of categories that we have. They all have their own operating cycle. But again, we're very pleased with the operating cycle that we have and we'll continue to work with our partners over time.
Thomas Szkutak: Sure. The -- of the 9, and we could probably have either Rob or John get back to you on the exact details, but approximately 4 those are in the U.S. or 5 in North America and the others are in international. So the fulfillment centers vary depending upon the level of automation and the locations they're in. I can't really give you a precise as 1 geography higher than another. It kind of depends on size and the level of automation.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of -- I didn't mention anything about LivingSocial as it related to our marketing expense line. What I was referring to is if you look at our equity income line on our income statement, you can see an expense there and I've said that there was -- that was made up of a number of different investments that we have which includes LivingSocial, so that was the LivingSocial piece. In terms of marketing spend, we still -- the spend is very efficient. And again, what I mentioned earlier was that still the 2 primary pieces of our spend are our associates channel and also sponsored search, so those are our 2 primary. In terms of looking at it year-over-year, you're also seeing some of the broadscale spending we're doing specifically related to Kindle that's impacting that number as well.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of quantifying, I'm not sure how much I can help you with that but there's no question that what we're seeing is customers responding to the increased selection across many categories, across many geographies. We also, certainly Prime is having an impact, as well as our other free shipping offers and so the adoption of both has been great. And so we're very pleased to that. Also, making sure that we have great low prices for customers is also having impact. So all of those things are having an impact on our growth rate that you see there.
Thomas Szkutak: I apologize, Steve, but there's not a lot I'll be able to help you with there in terms of specific numbers. But we are seeing customers who are digital customers still being very good, physical customers as well, so buying, doing a lot of cross shopping across our business. And so we're very excited about our digital offerings and it's certainly reflected in the unit growth that you mentioned. But also we're seeing very good growth amongst many physical categories across all of our geographies as well. So again, customers are responding to some of the things I already mentioned but they're certainly responding to the selection that we have for our digital offerings, as well as our physical product offerings. And that's reflected in the growth rates.
Thomas Szkutak: In terms of your first question, the reason why we're adding the physical capacity is it's growing very fast. So we are having the benefit of seeing both a very strong growth in our digital offerings, as well as a very strong growth in our physical offerings. So it's the combination of both things that are driving the overall growth of our business, as well as the fulfillment centers that you're seeing in the case of your question. In terms of the fulfillment centers, we have a lot of -- we have a wide range of fulfillment centers across a number of different states and geographies, and we continue -- our operation team does a great job in terms of figuring out where the best places are to invest and they'll continue to do that over time.
