Walter Robb: Hey, Chuck, this is Walter. We have been talking for a number of quarters about our continuous effort here to continue to make these investments over time where we felt and they are being strategic and being surgical. This was at the end of Q3 was a particular round of them, Cindy [ph], but that was more broad based across a few categories to address a couple of competitors in particular and some of those efforts continue in Q4. And as we mentioned in the script, there is a short-term effect of those even as we think the long-term puts us in the right position. So that’s the answer on that particular item. 
Walter Robb: What I actually said was that I still think that’s true for price investments in general but as I said in the area of produce for example perhaps you can see the response have been quicker, people are noticing in that area in particularly the change is more quickly. So I was pretty specific about individual areas of the store where that was true but we’re still gathering the data and the impact from those investments across the Board as sort of be able to draw those sorts of conclusions. 
Walter Robb: I think, our vision Mark is core, what we are calling, extended experience. It’s the idea that ultimately a retailer integrates the digital world, the physical world and the space between this, the retailer that wins. And I am not sure right now that our first priority – I am quite sure our first priority is not the last mile delivery, there is others out there. We are doing some experiments right now. We have one with approval right now, where we are partnering with us to accomplish that. We are learning a lot from those tests. We have tests in click and collect going on in two different markets right now. We are giving some opportunities for this space between the store and the digital world. We have a lot going on that we are unfortunately not in a position to talk about right now, but – so I don’t see the last mile delivery is our – I do think it’s even in the UK, which is significantly more developed than United States, it’s only 5% or 6% share after significant more developments. So I think it’s growing incrementally, but I think the majority of business ultimately even 5, 10 years are still done in physical stores or in the integrated sense either through the mobile platform or the click and collect sort of model. 
Walter Robb: I see it. I do see those entrepreneurs and the startups and all those, it is as well some established companies who are providing those services. I do think that continues to grow incrementally, yes, but I think that you know we’re going to continue to develop options as long as either through a robust development of our mobile platform and/or click and collect to get customers options either at our stores or at drop points or by partnering with some of these companies who will be able to work with us, take our products and do the delivery. I’m just simply saying in terms of us actually being the delivers I’m not sure I see that as something that we need to do right now. We haven't see a business model that really works. A lot of people have tried in this area and I haven't seen anybody come up with a business model that is profitable and successful. So we’re going to continue to study it and we’re going to do some experiments and we’re going to continue to innovate but we think we have a really good business model right now that works really well and we’re going to do most of our attention and capital to continuing to do what we think we do really well which is open great new stores that are innovative and give great experiences to customers. We don’t think, when we look at our long term vision we don’t see the world significantly moving in the food area in this direction. Yes there will be some incremental move. It will overtime grow but we do not think food is going to be (indiscernible) to the same degree that some other categories have been that’s our vision. 
Walter Robb: Yeah it's going up because we’re growing on faster, we’re opening a lot more stores than we have ever before. 
Walter Robb: And I am the fourth person on this question, but well this is a no excuse company. And I think the bigger picture is – this is as John said is one of the things that we are offering is kind of the explanation on the short-term numbers, but we are putting a lot of chips down to grow this company aggressively. We have got our square footage growth is stepping up to 8.5%. We have got the numbers the raw numbers are more than we have never done before. Occasionally, it will come into some markets, where we have some stores, but the bigger picture here is we are on our way to a thousand store goals in the United States and we are very confident about that. 
John Mackey: We listed several reasons or several speculative reasons of why our comp store sales were down just a bit in Q4 besides price and investments we talked about cannibalization. Some of the markets were heavily cannibalized such as Boston. We talked about of course competition. We also think there could be macro-environmental impacts here I think, we think the economy is falling down a little bit. So at the end of the day of course we never really know exactly what makes comps go up and what makes comps go down and we make our best guesses that we can and now. Next question please. 
John Mackey: It’s a fair question, but if you drill into the numbers here on the quarter, you see that if you drill into the gross margin line, the cost of goods sold was actually up reflecting the income on these sort of price investments offset as David and Ken shared with the efforts around shrink and buy side rebates, which really accounts for most of the overt [ph] on the gross margin, in fact, all of the overt [ph] on the gross margin this year. So the trend line to think about is we are trying to balance this – balance these parts investments with continuing to grow sales and we continue to feel very strong about the potential gross sales over the long-term. And so we are accelerating our square footage opening new stores. And so that’s really if you dig into the number, that’s what you find when you drill into the specifics of that number. So we think it does reflect that we are continuing to step up the investments with a view towards growing the sales. And so could you fine tune it if they actually could, but that’s the art of the retail we are trying to practice each and every day. 
John Mackey: And if I could add one thing just for the first time I know we have got some standardized offer across the whole company that we never had before. So there is – we are moving together in ways that we haven’t done historically, which is quite exciting. 
John Mackey: I’m the foresight of accelerating our growth and we’re opening more stores than we have ever before that means temporarily there is a little of cannibalization but what we found historically with no stores anniversary a year later that both stores comp well. So, there is a little bit more cannibalization because we’re growing faster and it's one of the factors. We have listed several factors, there is greater competition there is more cannibalization, we have made in price investments and we’re seeing some weakness we think on the macro level and there could be factors that we haven't been able to identify yet. But cannibalization is I mean it depends on the market, like we singled our Boston. Boston is definitely being cannibalized right now. We have opened up five new stores in the fourth quarter alone. So that market really did feel it but that’s a temporary effect. I mean a year from now the fourth quarter in Boston is going to be fantastic as we will be comparing against weaker numbers and so it's a very temporary thing and certain select markets. However we’re opening stores in new markets, we have barely scratched the surface of what we think is possible since we think we can do at least a 1000 stores in one state. But from time to time we will have some cannibalization impacts that will be temporary, this is one of those times. 
John Mackey: On the flip side, we have our 32 stores that we opened last year, 10 of them were in new markets and eight of the 15 leases that we – 14 leases that we signed this quarter were in new markets. So there is plenty of runaway, plenty of opportunity that is untapped for us. 
John Mackey: Okay, thanks for listening in. Please visit Whole Foods market in store and online for everything you need to enjoy great meals over the holidays. Join us in February for our first quarter earning call. Check out the beyond the number section of our Investor Relations webpage for additional information about our new stores, new quality standards and more. The transcript of the scripted portion of this call along with the recording of the call is available on our website as well. Everybody have a wonderful holiday season. We will talk to you in February. Bye.
David Lannon: On the shrink thing I would say we’re definitely in the middle innings, we see some great improvements, we’re able to offset more than all of our margin investment on prices through shrink reduction. So Ken and I both firmly believe we at least have another year plus of a long runway of improvement in shrink control and that’s definitely helping us maneuver in terms of prices. 
David Lannon: Yes, with, this is David, our regional presence we have great confidence in their ability to deliver these margins, our operating regions and that’s giving us the ability to continue kind of our aggressive promotional strategy, one day sales, three-day sales just more aggressive promotional strategy, because we know it can deliver those margins. 
David Lannon: We made several changes in terms of how the customer experiences the order guide and we have already seen significant sales higher than last year. And it’s really about how a customer interacts with that and how the region sort of being able to customize it for their needs. And so the interface, the ability for (indiscernible) is the big improvement and then it’s already showing that our numbers are much higher across all regions right now on e-commerce sales amount. 
David Lannon: Opportunistic opportunity to with the Johnnie's Foodmaster stores. So we’re able to get into markets between our existing stores. So we are able increase our market share much higher in Boston. 
