Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of the economics, we have great team, operations team that’s working on how do we serve customers reliably and faster. So that – certainly that’s reflected in our transportation costs. Also from a productivity standpoint, we just as we add capacity, which is getting closer and closer to customers with larger selection which is certainly helpful from a productivity standpoint. So, those are some of the dynamics that you need to think about, when you think about our transportation cost and the teams done a great job over the years of becoming even more reliable, faster, and more productive and again that we working on ways to make that it better over time.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of the, the fresh business, we started doing the pilot several years ago in Seattle. We did a number of – team has done a great job, inventing on behalf of customers, it’s a very good customer experience. The challenging that we’ve had over the past several years is to how to make it economically viable. And so that’s the team has done a lot of different experiments and invented well on behalf of customers that to see what works. And we took a lot of that knowledge and which enabled us to launch fresh in LA. And it’s very early there, we’re still in the trial period, its good customer experience and we like what we see so far, but it’s very, very early. And so, it’s something that we’ll continue to work on and both from a customer experience and from an economic standpoint. And there is not much more I can add to that right now, so you have to stay tuned and see where that ends up.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of the third-party unit growth, it was 40% this quarter, which compares to 40% last year in Q2. So again, it is flat as a percentage of total units. One thing we keep in mind though is our digital units are growing at a faster rate than physical. And those digital units are primarily first party units. So if you take out digital units out in both periods, we’re actually up approximately 300 basis points. So, physical seller business is growing very nicely. It’s going at a faster rate than retail and its doing very well and so, very pleased to see that.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of FCs we’ve announced to-date five net new facilities in the U.S. We’ve also announced some in international, its still early as we did in prior – last few years, we gave you updates kind of as we went along and so we can update you a little bit later in the year to see how that progresses. But we certainly are adding new capacity and that’s reflected in the guidance which you see in Q3 as we get ready for our Q4 seasonal quarter. In terms of growth, in international media, what you’re seeing there is on a local currency growth basis, you see a 7% growth. That’s consistent with what you’ve seen in the last couple of quarters. We are at the very early stages, we’re excited about what we’re seeing so far in digital. But we’re in that early stage of transformation from digital from physical to digital within international. And so, you see from the release that we’ve launched a lot of new things related to digital over the past 90 days and even prior to that. So, we’re very excited about those launches and excited about the transformation. We are also excited, if you look at our total international business, we’ve got a lot of opportunities to invest in. I talked about the conversion from physical to digital. We also have selection still to add within existing categories, new categories, new geographies, so we’re very excited about the opportunity that we’ve there.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of China, we’re investing heavily in China. And we have – we’ve been for some number of years. We’ve a good customer experience there. We continue to look at ways to make that even better. We’re adding selection across many categories right now. It’s a very interesting geography. And so, we will continue to work on that experience for customers. You should expect us to be in investment mode for some time and, but it’s a very sizable segment, very interesting long-term growth opportunity and we’ll continue to work on making that better for customers and for investors over time. In terms of AWS, the business is growing very, very strongly. We’ve got a great team that’s innovating on behalf of customers, launching the services, becoming more productive, which allows us to be able to lower prices. We’ve had many price reductions since we started with AWS and we share that very visibly and so we’re excited about that business. And even though we were off to a very good start, it’s a very big opportunity and we continue to invest in that business and we’re very excited to do it. We think its great long-term opportunity and we’ve great team working on it.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Yes. We – just to make sure I heard your question, we’re seeing – when you look at our for example, our North America growth, particularly EGM, we’re seeing very good growth across many different categories. But if you call out, we’re seeing very good growth in apparel specifically, and also consumables. And so, the teams has done a very nice job, both teams done a very nice job from a customer experience standpoint and they’re growing very nicely and that is something that we’re seeing, and it does help with frequency to the site as well.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In terms of Kindle, you’re right. We now have Kindle stores, if you will, established in all the Amazon domains that we’ve around the world. And recently we announced Kindle Fire HD, its available customers in over 170 countries. We introduced Kindle Paperwhite and Kindle Fire HD in China, both -- that’s both online on our website and also in a number of offline retail locations. So again, there is a lot of advancement in terms of the Kindle, but again, it’s very early. Very encouraged by the opportunity that we have there for customers and our ability to try to capitalize on that from a digital content standpoint. In terms of AWS, the business is expanding, and its incredible opportunity globally. We recognize that, the team recognizes that. And we’ll continue to work on that on behalf of customers.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure, in terms of the way we’re looking at I’m certainly it is based on the free cash flow potential, and we have a -- we’re in some really interesting great businesses that have a lot of potential from a free cash flow generation standpoint with good and high ROICs which is exciting. From a margin standpoint always challenging to predict where that will come out in terms of absolute numbers. But what we will do is, we want to make sure that we try to maximize free cash flow, that’s something that we’ve always said. So, our strategy hasn’t changed, our outlook hasn’t changed in that regard. Frequently we’d be asked historically is, double-digit operating margins are possible. And I still think it's possible, but also if it means if a good high single-digit operating margin gets us to better, higher free cash flow over time, that’s fine too. So, again our goal is to, we don’t focus on individual margins. Our goal is to make sure that we generate free cash flow, large monthly free cash flow and use that capital efficiently, and so those are goals that we have and we certainly think that opportunity is there in each of the business that we operate in.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the Prime we recognized it over the life of the subscription. And then in terms of third party versus first party certainly we have had some shift within digital media, but again digital media is primarily a first party business, and it happens to be one portion of our business. But you’re actually right, and in terms of our third party business which from a unit perspective is 40% of our total units this quarter. We recognized the share of that revenue, the rev share if you will ad revenue where as the other parts of the business largely were recognized in that as first party revenue, and so we’re recognized in the full amount of the revenue in the current period.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of Spain, we’re very excited about what we see. It's growing very fast. We’re in investment mode and it's an exciting geography for us, and we’re very optimistic over time it will be a great geography for us. So we’re very happy to serve customers in Spain and we’re continuing to -- as we’ve done in other geographies that we’ll continue to serve customers and continue to expand our selection and get service levels even better over time and so I’m excited about that. In terms of Brazil, we do have a Kindle store and we have devices at physical retailers. So, from a Kindle perspective that’s what we’re doing in Brazil.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of North America, total growth we saw an acceleration from last quarter from 26% to 30%. We saw an acceleration in both North American Media as well as North America EGM. Within EGM it was very broad. In terms of growth we saw a very strong growth across many different categories and so very pleased with that, I called out a couple, that were notable in terms of apparel as well as in consumables, certainly those are getting larger and still growing very fast which I call those out. In terms of competitiveness, it's been, it's very competitive, it is today, it has been since our inception. We have many different competitors online. We have many competitors offline. As you go to your home or office you pass our competitors every day. That’s an environment where we’re used to dealing in. It’s something that’s not new. It's something that we see in all of our geographies across many different categories.
Thomas J. Szkutak: If you take a look at LA, it's just again I’m very excited and it's very early. So, I think on that one you’ll just have to stay tuned. But in terms of, as we get closer and closer to customers with fulfillment, we have seen growth due to that and it’s manifested its way – in a few different ways, but notably you’ll see it in Prime. Because of our fulfillment logistics capability we’ve been able to offer Prime broadly and we just have selection, it's just closer and closer to customers. And if you look back over the last several years, there’s been different reasons why we’ve grown away, we have grown in terms of adding the selection and making sure that we have really sharp pricing and, but certainly Prime and which includes a speedy delivery certainly been notable, has had a notable impact. And we’re very pleased with the Prime program, customers like it. We’re having -- we see very strong growth in Prime subscribers. We see very good retention of Prime members. So, it's a great program for us and certainly again delivery speed is certainly impacting that program, our overall growth.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of media growth not a lot of callouts except probably the obvious is digital units growing very fast relative to physical units and we’re excited to see that. And because of where we are, we’re further penetrated in North America, you’re seeing a bigger impact in our growth rate than you are in international and we certainly see that but not a lot of other callouts there, but again we’re very pleased and certainly customers are responding to many things including selection and great prices and everything else within those digital offerings, but also they’re responding to unique selection that we have. And if you take a look at our release you’ll see the specific numbers related to some of the exclusions we have, and certainly that’s having an impact. So there’s many, many different things that are working for us in that space as part of our overall ecosystem for digital that we’re pleased with. In terms of our device plan, we’re very pleased with the devices we have and to offer customers we think we have a great offering both in terms of Kindle and Kindle Fire. And in terms of our future roadmap, we’ve a long standing practice of not talking about what that will be prior to announcement.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of tech and content we’re spending in a number of different areas, but there’s a few that I’d like to highlight. One is certainly keep in mind that the infrastructure related to our very fast growing web services business is included in tech and content, so certainly as we ramp up that business and it's becoming more sizable and growing very fast you’re seeing that impacting that line item. We’re also investing very heavily in digital and that’s across many different parts of our digital offerings there, that’s also included. Any of the tech teams they’re working on customer experience across Amazon as we grow so as we support both our seller businesses and our retail businesses, they’re included in that line item. So, certainly that’s what you’re seeing there. In terms of Fresh we’re not breaking out the financials but keep in mind that Fresh was designed as a pilot and certainly the economics that improved over time through invention on behalf of the team there as well as operating efficiency. So, again that was set up as a test and which has enabled us to launch LA.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of some of the dynamics, we’re very excited about our digital business. We’re inventing, you’ll see a lot of different inventions both on the hardware side as well as on the software side from a device standpoint. You’ll also see a lot of invention around the content side and we think for example PrimeInstant Video which combines video in our Prime membership is very compelling, and we’re investing heavily in content. It's still very early there but we’re finding that customer’s certainly existing Prime members are more and more streaming content. We’re having new Prime members come to Amazon largely because of video in terms of one segment of that population that’s coming, the new Prime members is because of PrimeInstant Video and we can see that based on the free trials and the conversion of those free trials from related to PrimeInstant Video and so that’s certainly one portion of our growth in Prime memberships which we find exciting. For us to be able to offer exclusive content on the book side is very interesting. So, again we’re investing a lot of different -- across a lot of different areas and yes there are a lot of different dynamics, but we think we’re well suited for both the device software and content side of those businesses.
Thomas J. Szkutak: Hello, just to follow-up I think on the Quidsi question I think was around the founders leaving and we’re well positioned with them leaving, and this is the last part of that. But we did -- we’re fortunate to have the founders with us for a number of years, and they did a great job while they were here. And we have a great team at Quidsi, and we’re pleased with that business and the team -- our retail team works very closely with Quidsi business and we’re excited to have it as part of the Amazon team.
Thomas J. Szkutak: In terms of Germany there’s a not a lot I can add to there. We’re certainly serving customers, those results are reflected in our overall total results that you see today for Q2 as well as our international results. In terms of Kiva we certainly -- we gave a great team there, we love the technology. We don’t have any announcements in terms of rollouts, but we’re ahead of schedule from what we had set out at the time of purchase which we’re happy about. So, I’ll have to stay tuned on the actual rollout, but we’re very encouraged by what we see there.
