Dave Fildes: Hello, and welcome to our Q1 2022 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Brian Olsavsky, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2021. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, April 28, 2022, only and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable GAAP measures. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors, including uncertainty regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer demand and spending, inflation, labor market and global supply chain constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce and cloud services and the various factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. This guidance also reflects our estimates to date regarding the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, including those discussed in our filings with the SEC. Our guidance also assumes, among other things, that we don’t conclude any additional business acquisitions, restructurings or legal settlements. It’s not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore, our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Brian.
Dave Fildes: And Mark, I think your second question was related to the operating income guidance and some of the detail there. So, as Brian said, the first time we've given the guidance for the second quarter. But you detailed a number of pieces, but like you said, expect to see, in aggregate, about $4 billion of pressure for the 3 buckets that Brian talked about, higher inflationary pressures, lower productivity and some fixed cost deleverage persisting into Q2. So, that will be at some lower levels as we aim to and kind of expect to see some improvement in productivity, some of those other areas. We're also committed to just generally reducing variable cost per unit and working to lever our fixed costs, specifically where we have those controllable cost buckets Brian spoke about. The other thing -- again, Brian mentioned it towards the end there of this opening -- to see that seasonal step-up in stock-based compensation expense. So, recall that our employees received those RSU grants in the second quarter. This year, we expect to see the expense of approximately $6 billion. And so, that's up from about $3.3 billion in the first quarter.
Dave Fildes: Justin, on your second point regarding inflation, of course, we've talked about we're not immune to inflationary pressures on the cost side and with the ongoing supply chain disruptions and the start of the war in the Ukraine since our last quarter. We see larger impacts of inflation, some line haul, shipping rates, fuel shipping supplies and wages, which we talked about in some recent quarters as well. And we also see some volatility in utility pricing for some of the energy costs in operating the AWS data centers. Now, when you look at costs for customers and sellers in terms of product pricing, I just reinforce our pricing philosophy hasn't changed. We aim to offer low competitive pricing and try to stay on top of that pricing environment and make sure we're delivering a great price for customers. For our 1P business, that means continuing to be really competitive in that space with low prices relative to the reputable competitors out there and staying really close to that on the data. For third-party, we don't control that price that's set by third-party sellers. So, they're running their own businesses and we'll adjust the pricing to account for inflationary costs in their environment as well. And of course, on pricing and another other many other services with sellers, we offer services to help them not only handle with logistics, but also get better pricing information to make sure that they're staying on top of that as well. So, wherever we can help them, we do that. We did increase some fees effective, I believe, is today related to the FBA sellers and some surcharge there. We're focused on, of course, addressing permanent costs and ensuring our fees are competitive versus those charged out there by their sellers. But it's still unclear if the inflationary costs will go up or down and so -- and for how long they'll persist. So, rather than a permanent fee change, we implemented that fuel and inflation surcharge for the first time. And it's, of course, a mechanism that's broadly used across the supply chain providers that are out there already, but it's the first time that we've done something like this.
Dave Fildes: On the second point, the technology and content. Just as a reminder, components in there is you got the Amazon Tech and the AWS infrastructure, so everything from servers, network and equipment, data center-related depreciation, rent utilities, those types of things. The AWS Tech employee costs and costs to support the dotcom website and a number of other technology initiatives that we're working on. For Q1, it was up about 19% year-over-year, which was down a little bit, less than what you see for year-over-year growth throughout 2021. That growth rate, though, does, of course, include an offset Q1 2022 related to a partial offset, I should say, related to the change in estimated useful lives for servers, which was a little under $1 billion of impact in the first quarter. In terms of just the investment areas, I just reinforced it, it’s continued investment in the tech infrastructure. One of the bigger pieces remains AWS, of course, there. And then, just broadly speaking, inclusive of AWS, the headcount to support -- the build-out and support that the AWS team is doing as well as some consumer tech teams, Alexa and Echo devices and certain other areas there.
Dave Fildes: Yes. Jason, I'll take the second one first, just on the backlog. So, yes, I mean, we're continuing to see what the backlog is, right? It's the increase of AWS customers making long-term commitments for AWS. At the March period ended, we had $88.9 billion balance for that. So, that's up about 68% year-over-year. And the weighted average remaining kind of life term for those is 3.8 years.
Dave Fildes: Thanks for joining us today on the call and for your questions. A replay will be available on our Investor Relations website for at least three months. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Brian Olsavsky: Hi Mark. How are you doing? On revenue, yes, the revenue guidance we've given is kind of our best view of what we're seeing right now. Customer demand does remain strong. We're seeing, again, continued strength in Prime purchases, Prime commitment, levels of usage, benefits being used, et cetera. And the big part of the year-over-year comp is that we're comping the last part of the very elevated year-over-year step-up that lasted about half of last year's second quarter, and then we move Prime Day to Q3. So, we're not seeing softness. We're cognizant of the current inflationary environment and the impact it has on consumer -- or excuse me, the household budgets, a lot of times that is a time when -- and people come to Amazon because they know we have great prices and selection and convenience. So, it can go one of two ways. But we don't see any macroeconomic factors generally in this forecast on the demand side. We definitely see it on the cost side.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me make a comment on units first. If we step back, the first year of the pandemic from -- essentially from our world from the middle of May 2020 to May 2021, we saw high growth. We went from a 20% growth rate in revenue to a 40% growth rate almost overnight and held it for a year. And then, we started to lap that for the last year that will essentially end in the middle of this next month. And so, I noted step-downs in the run rate as soon as the middle of May hit last year. So, on units though, units grew during that -- instead of jumping from -- to 40%, they jumped to the mid-40% to 50% range, mainly because of the product mix, people were buying a lot more gloves and cleaning agents and all the things tied to the pandemic. So, there's a lot of -- you have to look at the unit data with keeping that in mind because there's a mix -- heavy mix issue. But putting all that aside, you asked the question about transportation shipping rates. Our shipping rates are very competitive, and we are seeing savings versus what we would get from external carriers. And it's beyond that. We would not even necessarily have had the capacity to -- from external third-party providers to handle the transportation loads that we've seen in the last couple of years. So, we're really glad that we have our -- as we built our AMZL network, we would not be able to have a one-day program, same day and one-day shipments, if we try to deliver it with third-party shippers. It just would not be cost effective. So, what you're seeing there in the growth in shipping costs versus the unit growth, a little bit on the unit side, but essentially a factor of inflation and productivity that I've mentioned to you on the component that hits in the transportation area.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure thing. Well, let me start with productivity. We began and ended the quarter with essentially 1 billion -- excuse me, 1.6 million employees, 1.6 million employees, mostly -- most of them, of course, are in operations. During the quarter, we had a peak of 1.7 million, and we were able to work that down by the end of the quarter. So, we have certain ability with contractors and all to adjust headcount. But for the most part, our employees are what we call blue badges or permanent Amazon employees. And now, we work on getting productivity up. It's a combination of productivity at the employee level, but it's also a matter of productivity of the -- and harmonization of the network, having the right demand in the right -- excuse me, the right capacity and the right demand matched at the warehouse level and the transportation node level. So, that's what we're working on. And we've made good strides in the last month, and we're -- we see a line of sight to getting back, not all the way to prepandemic rates in the next quarter or two, but a good bit of the way. And that's what we're firmly focused on and working on, and that's in the warehouses and also in transportation. Is there a second half to that question? Okay. Go ahead.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure thing. Good questions, Eric. Let me start with the cost penalties. So, in Q4, we did mention $4 billion of cost penalties and drag on that quarter. And $1 billion of that was fixed cost deleverage, principally a combination of having enough space and having super high leverage in the prior year when we were chasing volume and had less space. And we indicated that that would be carrying over into 2022 and it has. From a productivity standpoint, our issues in the second half of last year were different. They were -- we didn't have as much labor, even though we added, I believe, was 200 -- I have it right here, 270,000 workers in the second half of last year. We were chasing labor and it was creating much disruption within our network. Long zone shipments, half full trucks, all kinds of negative consequences of not having labor, but we made it through Q4 with the anticipation that we'll be able to hold our labor for Q1 and labor certainty would be a lot better and certain in our network. That is still the plan, and we're probably a couple of months late on that because of some of the issues with Omicron in January. And our reaction to it was that uncertain labor environment where a lot of people were on leave. We hired more people and then found ourselves overstaffed when the Omicron variant subsided rather quickly, at least from our standpoint in warehouses. So, the issue is switched from disruption to productivity losses to overcapacity on labor. And we believe that that will dissipate. It will take time in Q2, but -- so it's not the full -- we don't get the full $2 billion back in Q2, but we will make great strides on that. Inflation has been in both periods. Inflation was in the transportation costs, especially in wage inflation last year. It remains there. It's been amplified a bit by the fuel costs following the Ukraine conflict, which has happened since we last spoke. So, it's more a factor -- those costs will now, we believe, will persist a little longer than we were hoping at the beginning of the year. And I mentioned some of the per unit rates for transportation, cargo shipments and also fuel costs. Those are real, and we have to find ways to offset those or use less of high-cost things, like transportation and fuel. So, we're working on that. As we progress, there's only guidance for Q2. But what we see is that the fixed cost deleverage will narrow as we go through the year, and we'll be really glad we have this capacity in Q3 when Prime Day hits because that's always a big surge of both, inventory and orders, and then definitely in the holiday season. So, we will -- the way we see it as we've come out of a very tumultuous two years. We are glad we made the decisions we made over the past two years. And now we have a chance to more rightsize our capacity to a more normalized demand pattern. So, what's left there is really inflation, and that's what we're working on and evaluating and finding ways to mitigate and in some cases, having to pass some of the costs through to third-party sellers as well so that we're not subsidizing sales there. And then, we will see. So, we expect the year-over-year revenue comps to improve in the second half of the year because, again, we're passing this year of super high growth that I mentioned before from May of 2020 to May of 2021. But, it's not like the volume has receded. Like, in Q1 literally, where revenue 61% higher over two years from 2020. So the way to think about it is it went up and stayed up and now it's -- it will resume a more normal growth pattern. But I wouldn't be full by the revenue growth rates in this difficult comp period.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. Hi Ross. No, I would say there's not a lot of Prime versus non-Prime differential. We had what we consider to be a very strong March. It's very hard to compare year-over-year because March last year was the height of some stimulus payments in the United States. But from kind of a sequential period, we thought March was strong. So, there's no indicators that we're seeing of weakness in consumer demand, but we're wary of it as probably all companies are because household budgets are tightened when fuel costs are doubling and a big part of your -- it ripples through food, it ripples through everything else. So, we're cognizant of that. But what we'll focus on is the customer experience, continue to get our delivery times to be better and increasing selection, which is better than pre-pandemic time period and you're making the customer experience great on a lot of dimensions.
Brian Olsavsky: And on revenue -- excuse me, advertising revenue was up 25% year-over-year, and that's a strong run rate compared to the revenue growth rate. So, we're still very happy and pleased with the way the advertising team is performing and how advertising has been valued by both, sellers and vendors and others who use it to reach our customer base at the point where they're considering purchases. So, a strong quarter and continue to roll out new and new products for sellers to manage their advertising and increase the ability to analyze and calculate the payback on marketing investments with us.
