Tom Szkutak: Sure, in terms of back-to-school, certainly the results are reflected in the Q3 results that you see today. There's a number of different impacts back-to-school has. One thing I would like to call out, as you look at our North American media growth rates one thing that we are seeing is certainly a shift from a text book standpoint from purchase to rental and so we see a lot more customers renting. So you see that impacting the growth rate a bit the North American media. But in terms of Q4 as in any Q4, when we look at it, there is a wide range of outcomes. We're giving a wide range of guidance. What we feel good about is we have a team that's been improving customer experience over the past twelve months. We're very excited to serve customers. We've had a lot of unique selection. We've got inventory closer to the customers. Many, many different things that we're doing on behalf of customers. So we are very excited about the holiday season and look forward to serving customers. In terms of Twitch, we're very excited to have Twitch as part of our overall team. We've been in video games for quite some time and we think that it's a very creative team. They're doing some very innovative things on behalf of their customers and our customers and so we're excited to have them, be part of Amazon and look forward to working together with that team.
Tom Szkutak: Thank you. Thanks for the question. In terms of the consolidated segment or the segment operating income, excuse me, for international, certainly versus what you'd have seen last quarter some notable changes, one is we're certainly getting ready for the holiday season, so as to get ready for the holiday season. We are expanding from a capacity standpoint. We do see -- we've gotten great penetration and Fulfilled by Amazon customers. So you'll see that actually our growth rate -- unit growth rate is actually higher than our revenue growth rate and so that's what we've been experiencing so certainly adding capacity from a fulfillment perspective, adding capacity from a infrastructure standpoint. If you look at our overall operating expenses, we are certainly investing and with the slower growth rate you're not seeing as -- certainly not seeing as much leverage. We understand that we do have to get leverage over time, but we are investing right now. We're also investing in newer emerging geographies including India and Italy and Spain and continue to invest in China.  And then one other call out, we -- mentioned in my opening remarks there was approximately $170 million impact related to inventory evaluation and supplier commitment costs, a vast majority of that was in North America, but there was about $25 million in international just to let you know that that's there. In terms of the growth rate, it has been softer across a number of geographies. If you look back over the past really four quarters, we've seen a little bit of volatility between the quarters, but it's been softer. We continue to focus on the inputs and we still think international is a very big opportunity for us in terms of growth. More recently if you look at the growth rate for Q3 and you see the 13% excluding foreign exchange, you may remember on the last call about 90 days ago, I talked about Q2 what had happened was we had seen -- in late Q1 we had seen a ramp up in Japan before the consumption tax increase happened on April 1. We saw a pretty sizable drop off in Japan growth rates from Q1 to Q2, which brought that down. The only update again is the number of different puts and takes by geographies, but the only other comment I would say is that we really haven’t seen Japan growth rates improving since Q2. So that's something that's there. But in terms of the fundamentals, long term we're very excited about international as well as North America. We think it's a big opportunity. We continue to focus on the inputs. Some of those inputs are certainly on the media side working on the conversion from physical media to digital media. We continue to work on that in a number of different ways. We continue to add new selection in those geographies and work on the retail basics and so again we're very excited about the opportunity.
Tom Szkutak: Thanks for the question Scott. With anything new that we do and obviously we've done -- as you mentioned we've done a lot of new things. There is certainly a wide range of outcome and we certainly understand that. We try to learn from everything that we do as we launch new opportunities and so that's something across things that go great and things that don't go as well as others. We try to learn from that. And so the way I will describe it is from a looking forward standpoint we still think that we have a lot of opportunities. That said, we need to be very selective about what opportunities we pursue and so that's again the way we're thinking about it and probably not much more I can add to it than that.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. In terms of the first question, the $170 million, it's predominately in COGS and so it's the very vast majority than COGS and then in terms of the split about 25 million is in international and the remainder is in North America. In terms of the growth, we certainly are seeing that in text books. We do see another - digital media, we're certainly seeing rentals being part for our portfolio more than we had probably during - certainly with physical, but in terms of some of the recent growth rates, the one that I called out related to book rentals are certainly impacting North American media. One of the other things that’s certainly impacting it too is we did had some things last year Q3 that were overlapping, that were positive in Q3 last year from a demand standpoint. One was certainly in physical books we had very heavy discounting, which helped our growth in Q3 last year. We're overlapping that in Q3 this year.
Tom Szkutak: Sure, we're looking at a number of different metrics over a long period of time and certainly where our goal is to maximize free cash flow over the long term, we don't focus on individual margins, but we do focus on the inputs that are going to help drive free cash flow and operating income. We certainly will look at making sure that we're using our capital wisely so that over time we get good returns on invested capital and we certainly have been in several years now of what I would call an investment mode and because of the opportunities that we had in front of us. And as I mentioned earlier there is still lots of opportunity in front of us and -- but we know that we have to be very selective about which opportunities we pursue and -- but we're encouraged by the opportunities that we have.
Tom Szkutak: We have -- we have processes in place to make sure that we have a very high bar on the hiring that we do, the people that we're hiring are extraordinarily talented. We're very fortunate to get to work with so many talented people here and we've been fortunate to be able to grow that employment base to work on the opportunities that we have.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the principal drivers -- it's the two that I mentioned. So it's the text books rentals and also overlapping some of the strong discounting and strong titles that we had in some categories. So it's across a number of categories within media, but those are the two principle drivers.
Tom Szkutak: No, we're -- there's still both in terms of North America and international, there is certainly a shift that's going on from physical to digital and that's something that we're spending a lot of time on and trying to improve the experience for customers and we've been able to do that certainly over a period of time and so it's something we'll continue to work on.
Tom Szkutak: Sure, in terms of the sort centers, we'll have over 15 sort centers in the U.S. by the end of the year. It's certainly helping us a lot. We have same day delivery in 12 cities. We'll have Sunday delivery in approximately 50% of the population and so we're pleased to do that. And in terms of the ad network, there is a not a lot I can say there.
Tom Szkutak: Sure. In terms of our original content, we're excited about it. We're investing as we talked about. Last quarter we spent approximately $100 million in the quarter. Keep in mind that that's expensed in the quarter and so that's included in the results that you see in Q3. We're very excited about it. We have a number of pilots as well as a number of series launched. Transparent you mentioned is one of them. It's gotten very good reviews. The streaming on that series has been great. So we're very excited about it and we think it's an interesting area for customers. We continue to invest heavily in video content including originals and there is a number of different metrics we're looking at certainly from a prime standpoint, but what we're seeing so far are those customers who are streaming are renewing at considerably higher rates at considerably higher rates at a rate that's already high. So we like what we see there. When customers come in for new trials and they -- free trials and they engage from a video content standpoint, we see the conversion being higher. So we see that we're adding new prime members as a result of that and when those prime members, when those new prime members become prime members, the other thing we're seeing is they're buying physical product, which is a great impact for us. We see very similar patterns in terms of how much physical product that they're purchasing from us and so we're still certainly in investment mode there, but we like what we see and we have a long way to go there, but we're concentrating on building great service and we see that customers are rewarding us with engagement on the content, both original and licensed and they're buying more from us on the physical side and becoming prime members when they do and have been doing at higher rates. So those are the some of the early signs and we will continue to monitor very closely, but we're excited about what we're seeing there. In terms of some of the international comments and I would say this for not just international, but I would say it for the U.S. as well, one thing that's not new is it's a very competitive environment. We have a lot of competitors both online and offline. That's not anything that's new. We used to operate in that environment. We've been in that environment for really for 19 years and so -- but we're seeing a lot of competition and again that's not new.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of AWS, we're -- we saw a very good growth in Q3 as well. From a usage standpoint it's very similar to Q2, close to 90% and so the team is doing just a fantastic job. You can see our other revenue in North America went up a little bit sequentially and AWS is certainly the largest piece of that and is the vast majority of it and they're growing at a faster rate than that other line item. So again the team is doing a fantastic job and not only serving customers, but launching many, many new features and services and you can see some of the detail on that in the Highlight section of our release today. So we're very excited about it. In terms of devices, I can't speculate what we would do going forward, but we just launched a number of new tablets and e-readers that were excited about and there is some really great price point for customers on the tablet side. We also launched a kid's tablet which is the first time we've launched. We've launched some new kindles including our premium kindle and it's a terrific product. We think it's the best kindle we've made to date for sure and so we're very excited about that. And we're excited to have these offerings for customers.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of leverage, beyond the guidance that we're giving today, there is not a lot of certainly I can give you, but again what I had mentioned earlier is we do have a lot of opportunities, but our job is to be judicious and selective about what opportunities we pursue. And so that's the way we're thinking about it and I apologize I can't give you any more certainty in terms of timing, but certainly that's the way we're thinking about it. And in terms of buybacks, we haven’t opened buybacks right now. We have authorization to do that. I certainly can't comment on what price points we would or wouldn’t do there.
Tom Szkutak: Yes. In terms of the holiday season just and if you look back the last several years, I've been giving wide ranges because it’s again a more seasonal quarter, always challenging to predict precisely where we're going to be. So in terms of a dollar range I gave us $3 billion range last year. I am giving a $3 billion range again this year from a revenue perspective again wide range. At the higher end of the range, excluding foreign exchange, it's approximately 21%. So it's a little bit higher than what we saw in Q3 and then you can see we're on the low end of the range. In terms of -- but in terms of the season itself, we're very excited about it. And in terms of to serve customers, we feel great about the selection that we have added and are continuing to add for the holiday season. We think from an operations standpoint each year we try to get better and we believe we'll be even better this year than we have had in previous years. And so we are super excited to serve customers. In terms of the phone, the only other thing that I can comment on is at the end of Q3, we had approximately $83 million worth of inventory on hand. And so I can't comment on how that would impact guidance or not, but that's the amount of inventory we had on hand at the end of Q3.
Tom Szkutak: Sure, in terms of the number of fulfillment centers it's 13 net for the year and then on as I mentioned earlier in the U.S. we'll have 15 sort centers by the end of more than 14, excuse me, more than 15 sort centers by the end of the year. In terms of, sorry the other part of the question was on Fresh, the team is doing a great job from a customer experience standpoint. As you can see we're in a few cities. Today, the team is just heads down focused on making sure that experience is great for customers. We continue -- customers like the service. So we're seeing good pick up there and as you mentioned, we're expanding in the Brooklyn. I can't speculate on what we do beyond the cities that we have launched today, but we're excited about what we're seeing so far there.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of what we do going forward it certainly wouldn’t speculate. We had a price point since our initiation of, excuse me, since the launch of Prime. Its $79 and so it took us long time and we were very careful with that to increase it to $99. But since we've increased to $99 we've had -- we've had great retention. We're very pleased with the -- the retention we've had from customers. The program is growing very fast. We're very excited about it and so we do think it's really good for customers and it’s really good for us and shareowners over the long term. You're correct in that we're investing in Prime in a number of different ways including video content as I talked about earlier that is certainly the way we'll get a return on that investment. Principally will be customers buying more including and especially physical products. So again we're very excited about Prime globally.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, in terms of fulfillment cost, you're right. Again we're adding 13 net fulfillment centers where we added -- we'll have over 15 sort centers at the end of the year. certainly one of the drivers for that is certainly the growth that we are experiencing, but in addition to that, what we're seeing is the FBA adoption continues to get better and if we get further penetrated with sellers adopting full by Amazon, we think that's really good for sellers and for us and for customers over the long term. And what you're seeing is we're several years ago in terms of performance center planning we were adding less of them and it was much closer to the holiday season. With the sheer amount of capacity that we're adding, you're seeing more of that come in even before Q4. So you're seeing that impacting us earlier and the benefit of coming in earlier is we get to serve customer and get up to the productivity rates that we want to, to serve customers in Q4, by having that capacity in a bit earlier than in the past. So you’ve seen that trend happen over the past few years with that coming in earlier than certainly historically we've been able to do.
Tom Szkutak: Yes, can't comment from a competitive standpoint what we might or might do there, but in terms of the Prime referral fee, no, you should not read into that that Prime isn’t growing well and in fact just the opposite. We’re seeing great growth and we like the fact that enabling customers because they like Prime to be able to refer others we think is great for us and so I can't actually maybe offline you can follow-up with Phil or Dave on the accounting. Top of my head, I can't remember how that's working, but I know they will be able to answer it for you.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of -- in terms of the guidance it reflects all of the assumptions that we think could happen for the quarter. So again it's a wide range to speak specifically to some of the issues last year. The team again -- we continue trying to learn from everything that we do and the team has done a great job learning from our experiences, coming out of Q4 last year as we do every year and are excited to serve customers. In terms of the unit growth, there is not I can add in terms of split other than the overall -- other than the overall growth rate, but we are -- we are pleased with certainly we're seeing good customer growth, sellers are -- we're doing we think a great job for sellers. We continue to add a lot of unique selection throughout the year in terms of and we have customers. We see FBA four sellers getting further, further penetrated. We've launched some interest in products for our customers. We think our web services team is doing a great job. We realize that we have a lot of opportunities, but we need to be selective on which opportunities we pursue and I think beyond that, we're just overall excited and again ready for the holiday season. So anyway thanks everybody for calling in today.
