Dan Schulman: So John will take that take rate James and I'll take the engagement question. I'll start off with that given the order of your questions. So first of all our net new actives and engagement we're obviously pleased with both the growth of engagement. Q2 is a seasonally low quarter for us and we did 7.7 million net new actives 16 million in H1. And we're on track to do over 30 million in 2018 which is above our 2017 full year results. And as you know, that was by far in a way our best year by a long shot. So to your point, specifically though engagement actually accelerated to 9%. It had been growing by about 8% for the previous two or three quarters and it went up to 9% and to almost now three times a month. And our view on that is we expect that to continue. We've got a number of tailwinds around engagement. First of all, I think our customer experiences are better than they've ever been before. You look at One Touch, its conversion rate at -- as you saw from some of those ComScore studies and the surveys that have been done, people want to use the service more. As a result of that, we've done a tremendous amount of enhancements around P2P. Choice is leading to more engagement. We've got a new app, and we have a whole new suite of services. The Venmo card is going to lead to more engagement. We have the PayPal Cash Card, that's going to lead to more engagement. And so I think - and then of course, we've got rewards coming on in the later part of this year with some of our key financial institution partners. And so I think we're going to continue to see engagement grow at a nice clip going forward. And I think it bodes well obviously to have both more customers coming on than ever before, using this service more than they ever have. And if you look at new cohorts versus older cohorts, our new cohorts are more engaged than our older cohorts. Most of the time, you'd expect as you grow your net new actives, you get more and more that maybe the quality of those net new actives aren't the same as what they were before. It's actually the opposite here. The new net new actives are more engaged than our previous cohorts, which by the way means, we have a potential opportunity to educate our older customers on all the new services that we have as well. So, we’re feeling pretty good about both net new actives and engagement. I'll turn it over to John to talk about take rate.
Dan Schulman: I mean, I think the whole thing we're trying to do is to be the sort of operating system for digital commerce. If you think about merchants that are creating now apps to add value add to their customers one of the biggest issues they run into is friction in terms of getting people to sign up for those apps. One of the things I talk about in my remarks is the ability for us when a customer opts in to seamlessly populate a merchant app and then not just populate with customer experience information but with the funding instrument so immediately that customer can shop. Those little types of things are incredibly valuable for merchant partners in general.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. I'll start with the first one and then John will talk about the second one. So we're just trying to be consistent with the medium term guidance that we gave in -- at our Investor Day. We said we were going to return somewhere around 40% to 50% of our free cash flow over the next three to five years which was our medium-term guidance. In order to assure shareholders that that would be the case the board authorized a $10 billion share buyback and so that's just consistent with that. We firmly believe that there are a lot of opportunities for us to continue to acquire best in class capabilities to acquire positions in different geographies around the world through either investments or acquisitions. And as we said at the Investor Day, we are targeting $1 billion to $3 billion a year to go and do that. Now we look at hundreds of different opportunities every single quarter. And also remember that obviously our internal innovation is accelerating. I think Bill and his team have done an incredible job over the last several years in just transforming, how much product we can put out into the marketplace. Our partnerships are allowing us to do things that we might have had to acquire before or develop internally like a rewards program. Now that will happen in partnership with the financial institutions who are now our partners. But there are always capabilities out there like a Hyperwallet or an iZettle where it would take us either a lot of time or a lot of resource to develop. They are solely focused on that capability as a best in class and a good customer list and a modern platform to go and do that. And where we see that we're going to obviously be disciplined and I would think about it financially, but we will continue to be quiet acquisitive going forward. We do think we have a chance both on the merchant side from a platform perspective, but also from the consumer side as we look to be much more in the middle of how consumers manage and move their money that there are opportunities for us to continue to be acquisitive. And we're not ruling out the ability for us to do a larger acquisition if that comes around. But we're going to be much more - have a lot more scrutiny around that kind of thing. Larger acquisitions are inherently more risky and they prevent us from doing other things. So we're not ruling that out. But in our guidance that we've done in our medium-term outlook, there's that cash return to shareholders that $1 billion to $3 billion a year on average that we'll do an acquisition, so no change really from Investor Day.
Dan Schulman: I'll start with revenue and then turn it over to the others. The trends in our business are strong. I want to very clearly call that out as we talked about with a guide about $100 million of our increase is related to momentum. We certainly do see an impact being a multinational company from FX headwinds and that's pretty significant in the back half of the year so that has an impact. And then Darrin there are always things that can affect one quarter to the next. One example is that we're lapping Tio from last year. That was $20 million of revenue for us in the third quarter so not an insignificant amount. And then there are other things that we put in place last year, product changes that we monetized that we're lapping. So there are a couple of comps from one period to the next. But the trends in our business are still very strong and we're actually quite excited as we get ready to step up into 2019.
Dan Schulman: Okay. Well, thank you everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking to all of you soon. Thanks very much.
John Rainey: Sure. It's good to speak with you James. If you look at the composition of the decline in our take rate, just take our total take rate of 2.77% for the quarter, the 14 basis points decline, approximately 70% of that was due to two things. First is P2P. The growth in P2P, which has been a familiar story for several quarters right now. But maybe more pronounced this quarter the second thing was the year-over-year swing in hedges. That's a $42 million delta year-over-year. So that accounts for that. So I believe those were about 10 basis points of the 14 basis point decline. Beyond that, it's just the normal changes related to mix in our business.
John Rainey: No. You covered it well. The point Dan was making about the breadth of the platform. I think that is most enhanced by the two sided nature of what we do and our ability to control the experience end to end. So that conversion rate that Dan was alluding to at the end of the day when customers are being payment today they're looking more toward how do you help acquire a customer versus how you give better access to sort of legacy dial tone or point of sale solutions. That two sided platform is what allows us to deliver that conversion rate. It's nearly double what you see from everything else out there and that that is extraordinarily difficult to replicate. Many have tried it is very difficult to do and I think we are quite distinct in that regard that stands out as one of our biggest differentiators as a key part of all those elements of our platform as we compare those up against others. And it’s a big part why we're just taking market share tremendously.
John Rainey: Heath, this is John. As it pertains to what we're seeing internationally as it relates to TPV and revenue, there's two things maybe to call out. But the first is that anytime that - and this is what I'm about to say is very consistent with what we've seen historically. But when there are sharp changes in currencies not only is there going to be an effect on the translation of those revenues into our financial statements, but we see the effect on consumer behavior as well. And so there is – you are seeing a little bit of that with the movements in currency. There's also -- we see a little bit of weakness on the eBay part of the business. But I'll tell you that the fact that we are raising our guidance for the year despite that is I think a strong indication of the diversification of our portfolio the fact that we are much less reliant on them than we have been historically and we expect that trend to continue. So pretty excited about the trends in the business notwithstanding those couple of issues.
Bill Ready: Yes. And on the Venmo monetization side, we're certainly still in the early innings there for sure. We put out a great set of products that we see users really engaging with strongly. As you called out you have Pay with Venmo that is seeing really nice demand from merchants the best merchants and apps out there putting dedicated Venmo. Like Uber and Uber Eats and Grubhub, Eat24, Seamless and many others and we think we'll see a steady drumbeat of those coming on. There is a great pipeline of those adding in dedicated Venmo buttons. In addition to the two million plus merchants that are already accepting Pay with Venmo via PayPal, Instant Cash Out has seen really great pick up. The Venmo card as Dan remarked earlier on has seen really, really strong interest from our customer base. And so we see a real composite of those things like smart buttons that will allow more people easily have a dedicated Venmo buy button. We think there's a lot left in front of us there. It will be a multiyear journey. We're relieved following the path PayPal, PayPal started it out as P2P only. It was a multiyear journey as PayPal then became a broad merchant services platform with a broad set of commerce. But we see Venmo trending along nicely, really positive response of 17% of users engaging in a monetized experience so far this year. And that's what's getting these products out to market. And so we think we're very much in the early innings. There's a lot left ahead of us. And to be clear, it's a multiyear journey. We think these things will play over multiple years, but were off to a great start.
Bill Ready: Yes. I think I would just say it's evolving we're watching it closely, too early to comment on that. But we work closely with regulators. And generally, we have been a great partner to the ecosystem delivering a lot of value to our customers. And so any of these kinds of regulatory movements we're hand in hand with the regulators on those things, still playing out too early to comment. But we think that there's not a particular exposure that we will call out at this time.
Bill Ready: So I'll start with Venmo and come back with smart buttons. The really interesting thing on Venmo is that there's always been such great rally and just inherent interest from consumers on it that we historically have seen very little marketing cult dollars to get to the growth that we have. We just had our biggest quarter over ever of new users on Venmo and great growth of $14 billion and volume up 78% year-on-year. And we're basically spending next to nothing on marketing because our users to our marketing for us. Really Venmo users tell other users about the product and platform. And so that has allowed us to really not have to spend a lot on marketing. Certainly though as we see good traction with these things we will absolutely think about how we can augment that. But it's a great win. You don't have to artificially complete demand. There's a really strong demand for customers organically and then we can augment that as we need to, but we really has fantastic organic demand without us having to go do much of marketing.
Bill Ready: That's exactly right. And then on smart payment buttons as we've talked about before our ability to go distribute new experiences to merchants without merchants having to do work is a key structural advantage that we have versus legacy payment platforms. And it's why we're able to deliver a greater conversion and rollout products like One Touch to 9.5 million plus merchants in 200 markets without them doing work. Smart payment buttons is an advanced to that. So we see that this really quite important at the fact that it's got a handle not only our own payment method like PayPal, PayPal Credit, Venmo dynamically presenting those when they are most relevant so that merchants don't have to worry about the confusion of too many buttons at checkout. We are also adding an alternative payment method. And we think it's quite meaningful in that it democratize is access to this long-tail of alternative payments as you go country by country. There’s been some other providers out there that have done that but those have been big heavy enterprise type solution, so it's really only a handful of merchants that can get access to those things. We think we can get that to many millions of merchants which is a game changer in terms of merchants having access to the most relevant payment methods to offer to the consumer at any moment in time. And I think this further distances us from competition in terms of how we deliver better conversion and better customer acquisition, which is really the game that we play quite differently than others where we think of ourselves as in the business of driving conversion of customer acquisition versus much of the legacy payments industry or traditional players are providing access to dial tone access to peace of the payment ecosystem versus we’re driving customer acquisition and smart paying button as a great examples of that.
