Bill Ready: Thanks, Dan. It was clear that PayPal is becoming the payment platform of choice for marketplaces and multi-seller e-commerce platforms. Our top 20 partners and marketplaces, total payment volume excluding eBay grew by over 40% in 2018, reaching nearly $85 billion. This segment of our business is now much larger and faster growing than our legacy eBay marketplace business. And we expect this growth to continue in 2019 as we expand our current partnerships and welcome new partners onto our platform. We’re working with some of the leading companies and their respective industries, including Etsy, Uber, Airbnb, Grubhub and Pinterest. In Q4, we began piloting One Touch seller signup with noteworthy partners, including Walmart. One Touch seller signup significantly reduces the friction of signing up to sell in a new marketplace for merchants and helps marketplaces connect with sellers that have a proven history with PayPal. One of the most pronounced trends in e-commerce over the past several years has been the many new and rapidly growing forums for small businesses to sell to customers around the world. PayPal is helping merchants to manage and grow their business across those new forums, and now with One Touch seller signup, we’re making it easier than ever for merchants to begin selling in a new marketplace or digital channel. In fact, those merchants that are using PayPal to sell across multiple channels already grow at nearly three times the rate of those that sell on only one marketplace. Through PayPal for partners in marketplaces and One Touch seller signup, we’re connecting small businesses and merchants of all sizes to all the best places to sell, giving them the opportunity to reach more buyers and drive greater sales. Connecting our 21 million plus merchants to customers, wherever they shop is a core element of our efforts to democratize access to the digital economy. We believe these partnerships and increasing use of our PayPal for partners and marketplaces product will help to seamlessly connect buyers and sellers and the world’s highest growth market places and digital sales channels, ultimately making the digital economy more accessible for consumers and merchants around the world. Additionally, we’re announcing today that we have entered into a strategic partnership with Paymentus, an electronic billing service company that provides e-bill presentment, management and payment capabilities to large scale merchants in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. PayPal will enable payment processing for Paymentus transactions including debit card, credit card and ACH through our Braintree platform, as well as PayPal, Venmo and PayPal credit payment options for existing in new merchants. Additionally, we will leverage the Paymentus platform to enable a consumer bill payment experience within the PayPal app. Not only will billers on the Paymentus platform be able to present bills to PayPal consumers directly, but this feature will also allow other billers and billing platforms to present bills to PayPal consumers enable payment with PayPal. This opens up bill payment as a vertical for us. And overall, bill payment has the potential to generate tens of billions of dollars of payment volume. Dan, I’ll hand it back to you now.
Bill Ready: Yes. And on Venmo monetization, your question there asking about the composition, if you’ve asked us a few months ago, I think the perception was that most of the monetization happening there was around Instant Cash Out. And one of the things that we feel really great about that $200 million-plus annual revenue run rate that we exited the year out is that it actually split about evenly between Instant Cash Out and the commerce-related items and other items where we monetize, be they Venmo card, Pay with Venmo and the related services around that. So we see each of those, Instant Cash Out, Venmo card and Pay with Venmo, all growing really, really nicely. Dan talked about in his comments some of the fantastic brands have come on to Venmo. We launched with Uber in August and September of 2018. We’ve really seen that ramp nicely as well as other great services like Hulu and others that have come on to Venmo. So we’re really seeing the commerce side of Venmo gain traction, food ordering services like Grubhub and seamless Uber Eats. These are – many of these are daily, high-frequency type transactions. We see the same with the card – really getting into everyday spend. So we really feel great about the broad base set of monetization initiatives across Venmo. It is far more than just Instant Cash Out.
Bill Ready: Hi, this is Bill. A related element, which I think will mitigate some of what you’re asking is as we look at each of those cohorts that comes on and how those cohorts mature, a related question we often get is that as we have accelerated the number of net new actives, do we see any deterioration in the quality of those cohorts? Do they mature more slowly? Are they less active? And one of the great things is that even we have significantly increased the number of net new actives coming onto the platform each quarter, each new cohort, we see stronger than the last in terms of how they engage and how they mature over time. So while we don’t break out the maturation to the level of detail you’re asking about, even as we’ve gotten to larger and larger cohorts, we see each new cohort being stronger than the cohorts from years past, which is part of why you also see engagement. Oftentimes, a large influx of net new actives will have a dilutive effect on engagement, you still see us having really strong engagement growth even as we bring those on largely because of the quality of the cohorts, rather than diminishing it as you get to larger cohorts, is actually improving because we’re getting those larger cohorts through an expanded set of products and user engagement with more and more products over time.
Bill Ready: We partner with a wide range of these ecommerce enablement players. And even as they're bundling payments into their offerings, oftentimes we are working closely with them to help make that happen in PayPal branded payments would be a very meaningful part of that for many of those players. Given to the cater to small businesses and small businesses really rely upon the trust that PayPal brings for the buyer where our conversion differences that already out shine competitors across the industry and a small business context particularly these types of platforms. The relative conversion rate of PayPal versus something else can even further apart. So we tend to have really strong partnerships there. And I think that really ties into what we were talking about with our efforts to get small businesses to all the best forums to sell. I think, we've been talking a lot about the deceleration of eBay. One of the things that has happened is that over the last decade, small businesses that would have had only one or a couple of places to sell a decade ago, now have many, many places to sell. And PayPal is connecting those small businesses to the many places they sell. Some of those might be ecommerce enablement platforms like some of the ones you mentioned, some of that maybe other marketplaces, some of that may be more vertical specific offerings. But across each of those we're helping to connect those small businesses to all the very best places to sell, which is why when we talk about our marketplace and partners business outside of eBay that's already $85 billion-plus in volume much larger than eBay overall and growing at 40%-plus year-on-year. So these small businesses are finding lots of other great places to sell like ecommerce enablement platforms or rapid growth marketplaces, we tend to be a preferred provider to connect those small businesses to those platforms.
Bill Ready: It really can be both. One of the things you see oftentimes those merchants are coming to us directly for those because the trend that you see is that merchants are not choosing one platform to sell in, they are choosing many to sell in. And then PayPal becomes the aggregation point for them to connect to each of those platforms. And so like with one touch seller sign up, as they're discovering more and more new platforms out there. One of the most difficult things for that small business is the sign up and vetting process. The marketplace has to figure out, is that business trustworthy or not, are they fraudulent and we're able to alleviate those pain points, not only for the seller to sign up, but also for the marketplace to know that they're bringing on a trustworthy seller to their platform. So we become an aggregation point for that small business. And some of those services were able to partner with other marketplaces or ecommerce enablement platforms. Some of those we provide directly to the merchant, since we are an aggregation point for them across many of those marketplaces and digital channels.
Dan Schulman: Hi Tien-tsin, it’s Dan. So yes, clearly net new actives this year were big highlight for us. We drove $39 million in the year, $11 million organic in the fourth quarter alone. Those are big records for us. And at the same time that we were driving that surgeon net new actives engagement was going up to – went up 9%, now at 37%. So you’ve got a whole host of new net new actives coming on, engagement going up. And for us, those are the two key metrics that we look at. I mean those, everyone looks at financial metrics, but what drives our financial metrics are, how many net new customers are we bringing on and what kind of engagement are we driving with them. And I think by the way, 2019 is going to be another strong quarter. We ended with 267 million net new actives. We said we’re going to have – we’re targeting more than 300 million actives on the platform by the end of 2019. So obviously 2019 is going to we think going to be another strong quarter for that. I would say though, the one thing that we’re looking at and we’re quite pleased with is really the rapid adoption of monetizable services on Venmo. We exit 2018 north of a $200 million revenue run rate on Venmo. That’s from literally almost nothing. Months and months ago from when we first started on that or beginning of the year, so you’re seeing a lot of people have questioned can we monetize I mean Venmo. And what we’ve always said about monetizing Venmo is it’s not monetizing so much. Its adding value-added services that actually increase the value that a Venmo user gets by being part of that Venmo platform. And so we’re seeing accelerating growth on that. And we don’t want to get again too far ourselves on that. But I would say we’re pretty pleased with what we’re seeing on Venmo. It’s really gone from strength to strength.
Dan Schulman: Yes, thanks. So just do quick math for this year. Yes, we wound up at 267 million actives on the platform. We’re targeting more than 300 million at the end of this year. You do the math there, we’re saying at least another $33 million coming onto in the year. And so I think that’s probably a reasonable number to be thinking about. So what’s happening with that? Now how is that driving, what some color around that, that really the majority is core PayPal. And then you’ve got Venmo continuing quarter after quarter after quarter to have incredibly strong net new actives. I mean the virality of Venmo and the network effects on core PayPal are clearly coming into play. I know you’ve got 21 million plus merchants accepting PayPal. Consumers see that want to be a part of it. You’ve got 246 million plus consumers using PayPal. Every merchant now wants to be a part of that. So you’ve got a good network effect both on core PayPal and on Venmo. And then I think what’s really important a lot of people think about the top of the funnel, but really net new actives is a combination of top of the funnel and bottom. So our churn rate is improving as well. Why is the churn rate improving? It’s improving because the customer experiences and the breadth of services that consumers are utilizing with us and their engagement is increasing. I give a ton of credit to Bill and his team for creating those experiences, because I really think we’re moving towards best-in-class, whether that’s checkout with that be p-to-p experiences, whether that be our mobile app, whether it be choice as well. These are all driving increased engagement and helping at the bottom part of the funnel. One other thing that I mentioned in my remarks that should be emphasized is we’re finally beginning to see as we said we would the impact of all these partnerships beginning to drive a noticeable amount of net new actives onto the platform. We saw over 40 bank led marketing campaigns that encourage their customers to come onto the platform. Why are they doing that? They’re doing that because we have a great partnership together. It drives ton of incremental value and volume to our FI partners. And it’s clearly a win-win for both of us. And then I talked a little bit about it. Our architecture now and our software stack is now more able to be deployed in a more wholesome manner across the world. And so we’re able to deliver more and more experiences and products to multiple countries. I pointed out India and Japan, but that would be true in countries like France and others as well where we’re beginning to see an uptick in net new actives globally as well. And so I think we’ve got still a lot of a runway when it comes to net new actives and I believe you’ll see another good number posted from us this year.
Dan Schulman: You bet, James. Thanks for those two good questions. I’ll take the first one around eBay, and Bill will take the second part around Venmo. So on the eBay side, we saw this on their conference call as well. Clearly, Marketplaces is slowing down for them. As John mentioned in his remarks, we saw zero growth in TPV on that. And if you look at what they announced on their call for intermediated payments, it’s well less than 1% of the GMV that we see presented to us. So it really was not the impact. They clearly are slowing in their marketplace growth. And as John said, part of this is – for us, is we’re able to absorb that because of the breadth of our portfolio and our capabilities. I think that’s a really important thing to highlight. Because volume was going to be leaving eBay. It’s leaving now in a much more straight line, unfortunately, because they’re not having the growth that I’m sure they hope to drive as well in Marketplace. And so at the end of our operating agreement, which is 18 months from now when they finally move into intermediated payments which could be 24, 36 months from now, eBay is going to be a much smaller part of our business than even any of us initially thought when we were talking about this originally. And so the fact that we’re affirming our annual guidance that we gave three months ago, we feel very comfortable with that both on the top and the bottom line, I think really just highlights just how diversified our platform is. We’re welcoming new partners like Paymentus. I mean, Paymentus could be one of our top 10 customers with the volumes that they’re driving. You’ve got Venmo monetization really accelerating. And I’ll let Bill talk about that right now. But I think we’re just seeing slower eBay growth. And I think we’re seeing strength to our platform to offset that, which all in, as we look over the medium and long-term, actually is probably a positive.
Dan Schulman: Yes. And you’re seeing more and more of the user base of Venmo understand that we have these new value-added services. I think the number of users went from 24% to 29%, so a nice increase quarter-over-quarter. One of the things I forgot to say is on the eBay side. One thing Bill mentioned in his remarks, and I think it’s very important, is that we are now working with marketplaces. Around the world, that last year alone did $85 billion in TPV. Significantly larger than eBay growing at 41% overall. We expect more partnerships like that to come onto those marketplace solutions. And what we’re doing there is helping sellers sell in multiple marketplaces using PayPal. This One Touch seller activation allows a seller, say an eBay seller, to sign up for a marketplace, literally take all of their information, sign up and start making transactions with almost one touch, one click. And so – and when sellers do that, their sales increase, at least with PayPal, an average of about three times. So we think we can help small businesses through these new capabilities and certainly drive a ton of marketplace growth overall, both with eBay and outside of eBay, especially with these kinds of capabilities.
Dan Schulman: But your question is a good one. We won't do the math for you, but obviously when you bring on almost 14 million net new actives in the quarter, the number of transactions that they've done is very small, right, because you brought them on throughout the quarter. So it's a dilutive effect to the growth of your overall base engagement scores. So it's obviously higher than the numbers that we report because of that – just because of that math around that. And so that's why we're so pleased to show kind of a steady increase in engagement. So at 9% last quarter, I believe, 9% this quarter. And so even as you're seeing that substantial increase, you're seeing a steadying amount. As that normalizes, you'll start to see that creep up that percent engagement.
Dan Schulman: Great. Well, thanks again everybody for joining us. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thanks again.
