Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Sarah. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Welcome to PayPal's earnings conference call for the second quarter of 2023. Joining me today on the call is Dan Schulman, our President and CEO. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary. This conference call is also being webcast, and both the presentation and call are available on our Investor Relations website. In discussing our company's performance, we will refer to some non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this conference call. We will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include, without limitation, our guidance for the third quarter and full year 2023 are planning assumptions for 2023. Our comments related to anticipated foreign exchange rates, operating margin impact from our sale of loans to KKR and share repurchase activity. Our actual results may differ materially from these statements. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC and available on our Investor Relations website. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of today's date, August 2, 2023. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Dan.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: You bet. You bet, For the quarter, transaction margin dollars grew 1%, which is essentially in line with Q1. That said, when we look at the underlying performance of our business, we're very encouraged by the stronger results we're seeing. In my prepared remarks, I called out several items that created headwinds to growth in the quarter due to lapping. In addition, we actually had some benefits that we saw in the quarter as well from the release of reserves from held for sale reclassification as well as from lapping that large merchant exposure last year. And so when we adjust for all these items, both the benefits and the drag on a more normalized basis, we actually see transaction margin dollars in the quarter growing several points faster than the reported 1%. And what we're really encouraged by is the strengthening profile of the business. We're actually starting to see the benefits of our initiatives as we get through some of the noise from lapping, we do expect to see improving transaction profit growth. When we think about the back half in Q3, we'll still see some pressure on transaction margin performance. In Q4, we expect to see an improvement. And then over the longer term, our TM profile in the future will certainly be benefited by the acceleration in branded checkout by e-commerce acceleration by the improved cross-border trends that Dan referred to as well as from the value-added services that we're adding on the PSP side.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: We expect to exit the year in a much stronger position from a TM trajectory than where we are right now.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yes. I'll take a crack at that, James. Thanks for the question. Our PSP business does continue to go from strength to strength. -- as we talked about our overall TPV was nearly 30% in the quarter. And that's despite, as Gabriel mentioned, deprecating some of our older PSP flows, things coming off of our PayPal Pro. We actually migrated about $5 billion of TPV from our legacy stacks onto PPCP in this past quarter. And so it's a bit of a drag in the quarter, but we're going to be done with that by the end of the year. And we continue to win marquee accounts in the business, whether that be booking.com, meta, Allstate insurance, these are big accounts that we are winning because winning PSP is a strategic imperative for us. It allows us to have our latest checkout experiences with the largest, most important merchants in the world across PayPal, Venmo and by now pay later. We captured 100% of the data flows, which really is feeding our AI engines. It's fueling what will be our next-generation checkout. And most importantly, it's fueling kind of our ability to have best-in-class authorities in the industry and the lowest loss rates in the industry. In terms of the higher-margin services that we're going to be putting out there, -- we are seeing a lot of traction on that right now. For instance, we are moving into in-store. That's always been an area of opportunity for us. We are now fully implemented with 20 marquee merchants in over 1,000 in-store locations, over 2,500 POS systems will continue to do quite well there and push significantly in that. We're making good progress in selling things like payouts, risk-as-a-service, disputes, automation. We're seeing our largest customers begin to adopt that right now, whether it be Chen or meta or Tiktok, really, these are some of the bigger clients that we have adopting our value-added services -- and I'll just give you one example. We just started doing orchestration in 6 additional LatAm countries with much higher margins and where we're doing that orchestration for our largest customers, we're seeing like a 190 basis point off rate improvement. So you're seeing kind of this win-win as we're doing this. And then, of course, PPCP, as it goes down market is a much higher margin product for us. Yes, I talked about all of the channel partners that have already implemented that or in the middle of implementing, and we've got another 25 more partners by year-end in the U.S. another 15 EU partners by year-end. So we're seeing a tremendous amount of scaling on that. We've also enabled here in the U.S. 1.2 million SMB merchants to basically do a one-click migration into PPCP, -- we've already done all the risk assessment for them. They're on the right platforms for us to be able to seamlessly transition them onto that platform. So I think we're going to see a large amount of volume moving into PPP. That's obviously higher margin, high value-added services on branching will also help. And those will develop over time. Clearly, every quarter, they will add and some cumulative total will start to feel as we kind of exit the year and certainly as we go into 2024 with that. I hope that helped...
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Absolutely. So for the quarter, we expanded our operating margin by about 228 basis points to 21.4%. This was a slight miss to our guidance of approximately 22%, and it was predominantly driven by increased pressure from PayPal business loans. There's no other items that really contributed to that miss. Overall, PayPal business loans was about a 90 basis point drag to transaction margin and to operating margin, and this is approximately 2x what we expected at the beginning of the quarter. So it really was a real impact -- as it relates to our broader credit business, we're in a really good position. Like the rest of the industry, we're seeing some reversion back to pre-covid levels of performance. But across our diversified portfolio of consumer and merchant credit, we're seeing relatively stable delinquency and charge-off trends The largest growth area for us continues to be our Buy-Now-Pay-Later solutions, where our performance continues to be very strong. Of course, going forward, given our partnership with KKR, the majority of the originations are going to be funded off-balance sheet for us, and we'll be able to support the sustained growth of that business. On the PayPal business loan side, this is really the part of our portfolio where we have seen deterioration. This portfolio represents less than 15% of our overall net receivables. We've historically seen consistently strong performance in this book. And last year, we widened the credit box and the performance has not been within our expected risk appetite. We've taken steps to improve performance. We significantly tightened originations. Today, the book is down about 30% in total receivables, and we expect this pressure to continue through the back half of the year, but then really to abate as we move into next year. That said, the overall strength of our business and the momentum we're seeing is allowing us to maintain our operating margin and EPS guidance for the year while we're absorbing this credit pressure.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yes. As Dan said, we're on track for a 10% decline in our other OpEx for the year. The first half is down kind of low double digits, call it, 11.5%, 12%. In the back half of the year, of course, we begin to lap some of the cost savings that we began to take out last year. And so the decline in other OpEx declines a bit, and so we'll be in sort of the high single digits then, building on what Dan said, just around delivering better experiences to our customers and the productivity gains, it's also coming from the platform migration and consolidation work that we're doing. And that too allows us to scale more efficiently over time. And so you should expect to see us continue to look for ways to deliver better experiences to our customers and scale them efficiently on our platform.
