John Rainey: I think you covered a lot of it, Dan. I just would add, Tien-Tsin, that we laid out what we believe to be a very compelling case at our Investor Day around value-creation over the next 5 years. That was entirely an organic plan and remain so. But that said, we don't want to sit here on our hands and think that that's good enough. If there are opportunities that are out there that create even more value creation, it's our responsibility to look at those, and so that's where deals of this size may come in sometimes, but we take capital allocation as a very serious activity for us, and then arguably one of the most important, and so as they have said we have a lot of rigor around that, and thus far nothing has matched those rigorous hurdles for us. But I think and the management team shares a belief that we have the same opportunity over the next 5 years to create value that we just realized over the last 5 years. But if we can do more than that, then we should do more than that, and so that's why we explore every opportunity, but the growth plans that we laid out in the early part of this year at our Investor Day are entirely organic.
John Rainey: Colin, I'll just add real quickly that Dan and I both appreciate that the investor community probably is getting tired of us talking about eBay and eBay results, but arguably not more so than we are, but this is the other side of that coin. It's as simple as that. I mean this would not be allowed had we not taken the steps that we had, and so we're quite excited about this and what it bodes for the future.
John Rainey: David, let me hit a couple of points here regarding some of the assumptions about our outlook. So first, with respect to the reopening of the economy, our basic assumption is that that's sort of a slow and steady pace similar to what we've seen here more recently. With respect to supply chain or labor shortages, I don't see a quick fix to that, so that could be with us for some period of time and I think the pressure there's probably more acute on some of the SMB segment versus large enterprises, and so that is baked into our assumptions as well. We’re also not going to have the benefit of stimulus next year or likely not based upon what we see today, and then the last point I'd make is around eBay. eBay, if you think about the high teens or 18%-mark that we put out there for revenue growth, the impact to eBay year-over-year in terms of a headwind is about 200 basis points. If you just take what eBay represents in our business in 2021 compared to 2022. Said differently though, if we were to exclude eBay in both years, the revenue growth is 22%, and so that's exceedingly strong, and I think the best proxy for how to think about our business going forward, and so wrapping all of that together and sort of tying it to where we stand right now with the guidance that we just gave today. If you go back to the beginning of the year, and the guidance that we provided, 50 million Net New Actives, roughly $25.5 billion of revenue, we're effectively right there, and I think very, very importantly, that was the basis for the 5-year plan, the medium-term guidance that we laid out just a few weeks after that, and so that's a way of saying that we are right on track with what we have laid out at the beginning of the year with our medium term guidance.
John Rainey: So I'll start by saying that, I would hope that people appreciate and agree with this, but I don't think there's ever been a more important time to invest in our business than right now. This is a precious opportunity that we have with some of the secular tailwinds. We're fortunate in that the margins on our business want to go up. We've demonstrated that we can scale at a very low marginal cost, we've got tremendous opportunities some of which we've talked about today, that give us confidence that over our planning horizon, our margins will go up. That's not something that I think we lose a ton of sleep about. Quite frankly, I think the more challenging dynamic is where to invest, where we can get that return that's expected, and if you think about the last couple of years being 2020 and this year 2021, our operating expenses have grown about 20% each of those years, and I would discourage you from thinking about that as a sort of one-time spend related to customer acquisition or something like that. There's a lot of like engineering costs around people that are punching the keyboard to write code, and that's still with us today. So even as we talked about the high single-digit growth next year, that's on top of 2 years of 20% growth. But for us it’s also important not to spread ourselves too thin and to make sure that we are prioritizing appropriately and some prioritizing involves, say notice our things as well. And so I think we've laid out a pretty clear plan over the next few years with our focus on things like the digital wallet, building out commerce capabilities, continue to monetize Venmo that give us ample opportunity to invest. But as I noted in my remarks, we don't manage the business to have margin expansion for the next quarter, or frankly even for the next year. We're looking at how we create a Company over the next 5 years, that can have the same type of market value appreciation that we've experienced over the last 5 and the decisions that we make really just lineup with that much more so that trying to maximize for any particular time period. And so maybe not directly answering your question, but our margins are going to go up over the long term and we're not going to be handcuffed to doing that from one period to the next at the expense of like creating shareholder value.
Dan Schulman: You bet, thanks, Colin. Good question. First of all, I'd say one of the things we talked about early on is being free of the restrictions of the eBay operating agreement. We're going to have the possibility to open us up to working with a number of marketplaces that we were previously prohibited from doing so, and you're seeing some of that. You are seeing what we're doing with Ali and AliExpress, that continues to expand in terms of the volumes. There we are getting closer and closer with Walmart and Amazon is the latest example of us being able to team up with obviously an extremely significant player in the e-commerce space, and what I really like about this is like eBay results are like a pig to the Python right now. But these that we're talking about, right, are much more of a permanent nature. These are what will be with us going forward as eBay is a temporal phenomenon working through our results. We're still working through the launch timeframes. We are both eager to get this out into the marketplace, but we're still working those two, we obviously have large teams, each of us on this. It is the beginning of a journey of our two companies teaming together. I wouldn't venture at this moment as to where we'll go together; we're both very focused on the substantial opportunity that there is with Venmo at checkout, and we couldn't be more pleased to be able to team with Amazon on this. Obviously, if you think about the amount of market share that Amazon has in the U.S. this quite substantially increases the addressable market for Pay with Venmo. And Pay with Venmo is one of the key revenue drivers for Venmo going forward. Just as I think about the journey that Venmo has been on, this obviously is a punctuation point for sure. But even this year, Venmo will be transaction margin positive. That is a major milestone for that team, right on track to deliver the $900 million and obviously, exit the year at an accelerating growth rate and this partnership with Amazon will no doubt take that to next level.
Dan Schulman: Yes. Thanks, Lisa, good to hear your voice. So anytime you put something substantial out into the market, and this is really the first giant revamp that we've done of our PayPal consumer app and it's pretty massive, complete redesign. Typically on that, so what you find is you've got declines in engagement as people kind of like work their way through discovery of it, and then what you have is, over time, that really starts to accelerate, as we said you know. This has been completely the opposite which is the biggest delight, I'm not sure it's a surprise to me, but we are seeing, really, meaningful leaps in terms of our discoverability of the breadth of our products and service line right now. We talk about PayPal shopping, the full integration of Honey into the PayPal App, Honey now is completely mobile, and not just desktop, and that is empowering a whole tab of that. We've seen a 25 times lift in people exploring that tab and starting to put deals into their wallets and that kind of thing. It’s pretty amazing.  On things like crypto, first-time user, once we did the app went up by 15%. Our strongest week ever for first-time users was like last week. We’ve had strong weeks for first time users of growth on that, but clearly the new app is driving both discoverability and conversion on the crypto side. And then I'm quite excited about what's happening with cash card. Because cash card is kind of like a debit card, right? In relation to the balance, and it can be used offline and obviously online, and this is a big part of our omni strategic thrust, and to see that go up, there's enrollment score up by 35%, and remember, this is really early days, we fully ramped in the middle of October, globally. So this is early on and I usually think of early on as, okay, how do we start to claw back to where we were and then start to move forward as customers get it. This was a leap forward. Look, there are a lot of things that we're going to do to improve the customer experience. We're putting FIS now into our bill payment, expanding our bill payment quite dramatically, expanding the usability and kind of the simplicity of it , but each and every one of the products and services we are looking at the feedback we're getting and just making small little changes to keep increasing. This is going to be, I didn't think it was going to be a big bang, it actually just turned out to be a relatively big bang on introduction. But I really think of this as evolutionary quarter-by-quarter-by quarter. We will launch high-yield savings in the next several months that will begin to ramp, will start to put on things like equity investing, we anticipate doing that next year and there’ll be more and more products and services to help customers engage more and more, and that's why like that ARPA, wallet users versus checkout only, again early, but to see that already leaping up to 2 times that of checkout only. that’s why John and I are quite excited about the impact of the initiatives that we're putting into place, and they are clearly going to drive a lot of growth for us as we look forward.
Dan Schulman: Okay. David, let me talk very quickly about Q3 and then I'm going to have John talk about our Q4 guidance and our confidence in 2022. So you're right, actually, if you look at Q3, and let me just talk about revenue, TPV, and maybe engagement, as 3 metrics on that. The way that I think about our business right now is what's happening on our MS business. Because eBay is a temporal thing, it's just going through the system right now. It's less than 3% of our TPV, it’s less than 4% of our revenues, and dropped, and so really our business is our MS Business going forward.  And if I look at revenue, revenue growth. I think this is really interesting because I examined this quite carefully. If I go back 5 years and look at our MS revenue growth, in Q3 of 2017, it was 24%. In 2018 in Q3, it was 17%; 2019 was 23% then it jumps up to 26% in the middle of the pandemic, Q3 2020 and Q3 2021, this quarter it is 25%, and so like people talk about reopening stuff, like that is enough. Our MS business is going from strength to strength. We have seen a leap forward in digital, and that is continuing, if you look at it in our MS and John will talk about it in Q4, and as we look next year. Same thing on TPV. TPV in Q3 of 2018. MS, I'm talking about MS, was 27%, it jumped up to 29%. Then in Q3, 2020 it jumped to 40% and over that 40%, we're growing this quarter at 31%, and so these are all really, really strong numbers, and if I look at even like transactions, which I think it's really interesting, we did 4.9 billion transactions in Q3 this last quarter. If you go back a year ago, we did about 4 billion, we're almost up a billion transactions in a year in the quarter, and our transactions ex-eBay are up 31% year-over-year. Our TPA transactions were active, double-digit growth for the second quarter in a row. Again, ex-eBay in the third quarter, our TPA was up 18%, and so these are, yes, of course, we get hit by some of these exogenous things that go on. But if I look at the strength of the core business every single metric is way above, even our forecast is way above our medium-term guidance, and that's kind of like what gives us just a ton of confidence, and we are obviously being, I think appropriately cautious and conservative as we look forward at this time, but I feel like if I look at the what the real part of our business is every metric is trending pretty strongly right now.
Dan Schulman: Sure, so let me talk a little bit about NNAs. So $13.3 million in the quarter up about $2 million from last quarter, growing 15% year-over-year unlike a lot of companies that experienced growth during the COVID time, and then unwinding our growth remains incredibly strong on the NNA side. I mean, think about it, in the minute that we have been talking, so far Derrin, we put on about 100 consumers and 9 new merchants. We're putting on 1.5 consumers every second of the quarter, every 6 seconds we've put on another merchant, so really unbelievable. And if I look 5 years ago, you remember this, 5 years ago we put on 13 million Net New Actives for the year we just had this quarter alone we've put on a 110 million Net New Active since January of 2020, and as we said, I think in our press release we expect to end the year in north of 430 million actives on the platform. So you know obviously continued strong growth, but as you look forward to that 750 million, there are 2 places that our Net New Actives come from. One is top of the funnel, and top of the funnel is actually pretty strong right now and remain so. It's just kind of a must have platform for merchants and consumers and scale begets scale in this business. But as you get bigger and bigger, the bottom of the funnel becomes equally, if not even more, important, and so reduction in churn becomes a really important element of our ability to get to the $750 million. That's why we're so excited about what we're seeing in terms of our TPA numbers again normalize it, ex-eBay up 18%. Last quarter, I think it was up 17% double-digit growth even with eBay and 2 quarters in a row, some of the things I was talking to Lisa about in terms of the engagement on the app, those are things that the more people engage, the more people get cash cards and start utilizing that service offline, we see halo effects inside the business, Buy Now, Pay Later all of that that actually effects churn rate, and if we can keep a consistent top of the funnel, maybe even improve that a little bit, but reduce our churn rate, you'll start to see Net New Actives actually accelerate going forward and so we remain so quite confident in the 750, but that's what the drivers are of that Derrin.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, great question Jason. Thank you for that. If you remember we started the year at 50 million then we raised it 52 to 55 and then we thought we'd be towards the higher end of the 52 to 55. At this point, we're just being consistent with our revenue guide as well. We're going into the heart of the holiday, you're exactly right. If holiday season shapes up like it did last year, then we'll have more than 52 million organic because there would be a lot more of shopping, and if it doesn't, then we'll have a little bit less. So it's very consistent with us just being, I think prudent and cautious given some of the trends that we're seeing and others are talking about. Again, supply chain shortages, people can’t shop if consumer confidence is down, people do more in store, we’ll get less M&As than we typically might, . If the holiday season goes as it did last year, we'll get more than we are talking about right now. So I just think it's just very consistent with the guide that we gave, and again, as John mentioned, we had a good start to the quarter, we’ve had a pretty strong last week report too, but we're early on right now and so we don't like it when we are at the mid-point of our guidance or any of that kind of thing. We are used to being a Company that puts out things and then beach what it puts out, and we want to assure that what we say is appropriate and an appropriately conservative on it. So that's how I think I would answer that question, Jason.
Dan Schulman: All right. Operator, thank you, Jason for that last question, really look forward to talking to all of you over the course of the next couple of days and weeks and at a number of different conferences, and thank you for all your support and your time today.
