Dan Schulman: Dan, it’s Dan on. Nice to hear you and thanks for the question. So I am quite pleased with our progress on engagement. It is up 10% despite really what is an accelerating day right now which is kind of the high-class to have. We are seeing tremendous adoptions across merchants and consumers into the PayPal franchise. As I mentioned, we think we’ll exceed 25 million net new actives for the year. In past couple of years, we’ve taken our active user engagement up almost seven transactions per user across the whole days. And if you look under the covers what we’ve done here quite a bit, the news is even better because the majority of our user engagement right now is coming from the core PayPal Wallet and in many prices before it was coming from growth of Braintree and core PayPal. But now it is being driven the majority from our PayPal core wallet and that is a great story for us. And if you look at our product growth and our core PayPal franchise over the last several quarters, we’ve taken multi-year trend that have been drifting slightly down in terms of their real growth year-over-year and we have bent these curves across pretty much every single one of our core products and they're now up and accelerating. So, that is a piece of really good news that you probably wouldn’t see from a number in and up itself. And it kind of feels like, we’re just at the beginning of this. We've got One Touch that is driving engagement, that’s driving increased engagement and it’s accelerating across the base. Choice still new, but choice engagement and summing up into choice that engagement is up quite substantially, and I am really pleased with what we are seeing from choice. As I mentioned, we're about 13 million plus customers that are in choice now, that will grow and that will impact engagement. We’re obviously just beginning of the journey the movements in your context. Now, we now at basically major agreements, we're pretty much every major issuer, we’ve got agreement from the financial networks to utilize their tokens and those start to move us, move more an in-store environment as we go into next year, that'll also drive engagement. You got pay with Venmo. Right now, there's no engagement with Venmo, it's P2P, but we don't count that in our engagement. So also you'll see that drive up. TIO just came on. Our new partnerships with Facebook and Google are going to start to kick in, that's really not in our guidance right now, as they -- those things are going to start to accelerate and drive our future growth as we look into '18, '19, '20. So, we still have a goal that would consumer use PyaPal two times a week. That is our goal, not to drive once a week, but to drive two times a week. And I feel with all the initiatives we've right now and the trending that we're seeing that over -- our medium to long term that’s within our reach too. So feeling pretty good about where we're on the engagement side.
Dan Schulman: You've violated first quarter rule, one question, but otherwise okay. Correlate with it and I admire that.
Dan Schulman: So, listen one of the things I mentioned in my opening remarks is we're beginning to see a tremendously collaborative relationship with issuers right now. We're seeing I mentioned two that are marketing to their pace to actively encourage them to link their cards into our PayPal account. And that's happening because we're going to drive growth for them, as John mentioned in his remarks, our MS TPV -- our TPV growth outside of eBay is growing at 30% and we're the perfect digital distribution channel for financial institutions especially now that we've implemented choice. And consumer will opt on how they want to pay and where they want to pay on that. And so I think this acceleration of our net new actives is coming at a lower cost to it, so it's really found sort of one-two punch that’s positive for us now, but especially as we look forward.
Dan Schulman: Just to add to that, we saw first [indiscernible] well and we spent a lot of time as we started the transition of the Company from being really single product type of company to being a platform company that offers a suite of services to both merchants and the consumers. And where we found and with a ton of detailed research and analytics on this is when we add an incremental service to a consumer or even to our merchants, we see the lifetime value basically double. And so a consumer adds to P2P, we see them they engaged more, their use of PayPal goes up, their churn goes way down, and it is a gigantic benefit for our flywheel and for our economics. And so, the more products and services and experiences and more engagement we could have with the consumer and a merchant, the better the LTV is for us. And that comes through us, as Bill said, historically as we have seen with P2P and others. We also start in-store with Vodafone as we go down, we have seen these. People have used Vodafone and PayPal in-store. They use PayPal more in app and online because the distinctions between those things are blurring especially with mobile. And so, our ability to engage with consumers and drive that engagement is a good thing both for consumers, for merchants and for the economics of PayPal.
Dan Schulman: I'll start then maybe Bill can supplement. So, I would say and as I mentioned in my remarks, there's no one single thing driving the growth of those net new active. And as I mentioned, you know, I said I think we'll do an excess of 25 million net new active that would imply so that we're going to do another on average 6 million or so in the third and fourth quarter. So we see a continued strength in net new active. That's coming as a result and Bill won't say this, but I will from the great work that Bill and his product and engineering teams have done, great work that have done. The risk teams have done around improving our core experiences. And as I mentioned, we're bending multiyear curves now and we’re seeing now really nice year-over-year growth in our core experiences. Availability just thing like availability is up, that matters a lot, we'll wait and see. It's down. That matters a lot. We got a new mobile app there. We got One Touch. We got choice coming in. Choice is driving both reduction in churn which helps to net new actives obviously, but it’s also driving additional new adds because the on-boarding process is so much more streamlined, and then you also have partners that are now actively marketing PayPal because together we're sort of allies in advancing digital payments and tapping into that growth. So I think there is a number of things and we also obviously with 210 million people now on the platform, we’ve got maybe at a tipping point of these network effects right now where there's so many merchants on the platforms, so many consumers on the platform, that it's a must have for people especially if they move into mobile check out experiences. I think what Bill and the risk teams have done and things like One Touch have really been an unparalleled kind of a mobile checkout experience, almost two times the conversion of the industry average. And so, I'll look at a number of things that we've done over the course of the last several years, and they're beginning to take hold in the market, and really driving our results and Bill would you answer that.
Dan Schulman: I'll just add one last thing and then we'll be done with your question, Ashwin. We didn't underestimate what can happen with Baidu, I mean we're now tapping into that Chinese consumer marketplace, and that is going to open up a whole new market for consumers to come on to the PayPal platform, interact with our PayPal merchants outside of China and drive what we think could be substantial cross-border traffic. And I talked about this, it's not just Baidu, it's Baidu and PayPal. So almost a little like we've done with Android Pay that it's a cobranded experience and sign up to our PayPal account from there. So, there're a lot of things that we're working on, a lot of things we still want to implement but feel good about the current trend right now.
Dan Schulman: Yes, so, we've done I think 24 major partnerships in the last 18 months and you've seen it last quarter starting to accelerate actually. And it's accelerated that people are beginning to understand the assets that we bring to our partners. We obviously bring our scale to partners and when you talk to different platforms whether it'd be Baidu or Google or Samsung, the ability to tap into 17 million merchants we have that long tail of merchants, that's a very difficult asset for others to replicate and it's accelerating in its growth. If you look at other partnerships, we can add potential for pretty significant additional growth for them, whether that's driven by mobile and we can do a One Touch or TPV that's accelerating. And as you know, we also control value prop end-to-end, there're very few players who do that, there're some players that can take a piece of it, but very few players own it including risk, custom service, brand reputation. And we own all of that parts of that proposition and we've also changed our model, quite a bit, we're an open platform and a suite of service both branded and unbranded that's operating system and device and technology agnostic. And so, we're -- and very importantly, we're a neutral third party platform. So we don't compete with any of our merchants or partners who are allies in advancing digital payments. So, I think our positioning is really good within the entire ecosystem to continue to partner. There're a number of other partnerships that are on the horizon and I think the more we partner the more people see that the benefit of doing that could be quite substantial, so I think we announced enough partnerships right now, so we'll save some for the next -- for the next announcement. But I think we're really well positioned on that front. On the M&A front because you got two questions in there in a very subtle way. But on the M&A front, look we've a very strong balance sheet. John mentioned, we've $6.4 billion of cash equivalents on our balance sheet. We're generating -- now with our guidance is over $2.9 billion of free cash flow for the year. So that’s the competitive advantage for us. There is no question about it and we are very active and looking at range of opportunities around the world, both big and small. But look those opportunities needs the time to our vision in our mission. They got to accelerate our progress either against the key vertical or geographic expansion. We do tuck-in acquisitions from a tech or functional capability like a TIO type of things, but we look at this in the through the lens of do we build, do we partner or do we buy. And the amount of work that John and Bill done on there, respective platforms with risk capabilities or full infrastructure -- I mentioned the increased developer productivity, we can put out a ton of releases, now we put out some like 30,000 releases in the quarter. I mean it's amazing in velocity of new functionality and innovation that Bill and his team are putting out into the market place. And so, well, we used to have to buy at onetime because it would take us month to make a change on our website because we have such a monolithic infrastructure. Now, there is a rapid velocity, a very innovative services coming in. Second thing is we can partner now in ways that we never partnered before. Choice has enabled that. We have new velocity about cooperating with people. It's created in environment that gotten very competitive one to one that’s much more cooperative. We have a ton of complimentary resources that we can use with partners. And now many times where we used to think that we will have to buy something, we can that partner on a commercial relationship to go and do that. And then obviously, if we can't do any of that we look at buy and we do that in a very disciplined manner. We have got certain amount of skill and capabilities and so you can expect us to continue to be acquisitive, but in a disciplined fashion and within the context that what I just mentioned.
Dan Schulman: So, I’ll start off and then I’ll turn it over to Bill. But I think there is a real difference now with the partnerships that you mentioned that are major tech platform companies. I think none of that really wanted to go into payments as an end to itself. It was a means to an end that they have. And so, it might be more engagement on their platform and that engagement lead to key metrics that they want to try to keep the advertising, it could be other thing. And when we made the shift to being an open payments platform as opposed to just seeing a button as I check-out experience, and really open our platform up to pretty sophisticated technological upgrades through open APIs with the partnership we had with tokenization and that kind of thing. We were then able to become really in many ways an underlying payment OS or those tech platforms that enable them to create the experiences, that they wanted to drive for their end user. And so that partnership is fundamentally different right now and it has evolved greatly over the last several years. I'll ask Bill to add a color to that, but it's a very different conversation that we have now then we used to have.
Dan Schulman: I'll start off with that. Obviously, we've worked closely with JP Morgan Chase over the last couple of years actually, as we've talked about the potential for how we might work together. And I'm really pleased with where we came out in this partnership. We both see a lot of value in it, if two very strong companies lending what are really impressive assets to create consumer experiences, including as you mentioned processing through Chase Net which obviously does give the potential. We are not talking about any deal terms one way or another, but potential for lower cost from that. So I'm really pleased with the comprehensive nature of the partnership that we have with Chase because time to work through all the details of it. But I think both of us are really good about and really good about what we can drive coming out of that.
Dan Schulman: I think you just think about things like reward points, Discover, Chase, Citi have all decided that utilizing the reward points within the PayPal platform to utilize those for purchases that are 17 million merchants. That’s a real significant differentiation for those particular financial institutions and their customers who are using their instruments, but also for PayPal because you now can utilize those reward points in a split transaction. You have X number of reward points, but maybe couldn’t do that full transaction. You can now split that, you can use this reward points to purchase 40% of which we are going to do and then the other 60% can be done to whatever funding instrument you select as a consumer. That’s a little over a cost funding mechanism as well for us so. There are all sorts of things within these relationships that we have, they try to enhance value for our mutual customers that, if you parse through them, it's really quite significant and differentiated from where we were certainly a year or so ago. Now the in-store stuff, we obviously now have the ability to use industry tokens from these Mastercard and others. And now, we are working with each of the FIs to use their tokens for their particular instruments. And so, you will start to see that’s just a naturally begins our rollout. There really is much of a trial and error per se on this. We will have the ability for our PayPal customer, if they are opted into one of the bank services that’s provided token, we will use network tokens with that. And you will simply be able to use that instrument seamlessly across where actually it is accepted now on android phone for instance across in-app experience, online experience, or an in-store experience without us having to do bespoke customization of software at the point of sale terminal. So that would just be a natural rollout utilizing existing POS technology. Okay, so thank you for that last question, Bryan. And thanks everybody for joining us. We really appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thanks a lot everybody and thank you operator.
John Rainey: This is a great question. And you're exactly right that as you parse of the part, there are places where we earn revenue, there're places where you think about an engagement opportunity. And so the places where somebody paying in-store and are using our PayPal balance, those are places where we would make revenue on those transactions. And places where we're enabling the use of an issuer's card directly and we're providing a pass or token, we would earn revenue on those, but we also don't have cost on those, and so we did great consumer engagement, but without cost on those transactions per se. Also importantly in addition to what we are doing with partners like Samsung Pay and Android Pay to drive into the store, we are working with those same partners, particularly Android Pay for example where it's not just in-store but that blends into in app purchasing and online purchasing. And there is a lot of blurring in the lines of online and store things like buy online, pick-up in the store where these cross channel experiences are really getting to consumers using a mobile device, but really engaging with the retailer and the store. You see us really, really delivering on those types of experience as well. So we have a broad strategy that can both help the retailer engage across the multiple front, drive engagement with the consumer and we have several those that’s we monetized directly. And some of those that are going to be a path-through which would be -- we are not driving revenue across for us, but we would also not generate cost for us. We have many of those like [indiscernible] to different store, paying with your balance to reduce generate revenue on those things. And by the way, this is consistent with PayPal history where we historically have products such as P2P that were free then we've been monetizing other form. So, this is a strategy that we have employed previously and we feel very good about where we are in that.
John Rainey: Sure. Darrin, I’ll start and then kick it over to Dan. As we talk a little bit about this year, pricing is an opportunity for us. We did announce a couple of corridors where we made price increases. And in part of that is reflected both in our financial results for the quarter as well as are improved guidance for the year. I will say that we’re very focused on really identifying where customers drive value enhancement as part of that experience. And then pricing to that versus just arbitrarily going out and raising prices for something where there is no incremental value, that’s perceived by the customers. So, we've had some targeted initiatives that we’ve done and that’s reflecting in our results as well as our guidance for the year.
John Rainey: And I would just add to that, again we're not coming on the deal terms, anyone specific deal. The closer working relationship that we now have with the broader financial ecosystem, as you look through a broad lens of how you think about cost whether that’s customer acquisition or risk in fraud losses, all these types of things, we as one of the largest drivers of middle transaction for banks and issuers. And then that being place that is when the larger structure growth for banks and issuers, the opportunity for us to collaborate across the number of frauds across the ecosystem is quite meaningful we believe. We see that across these partnerships, it's not just about what the cost processing a transaction, but how can we think about delivering better digital experiences to customers that has impact, positive impact on customer engagement, on customer acquisition cost, and how we think about the lifetime value of the customer risk, all these things. The opportunity collaborate with the ecosystem has many, many potential positives across the number of those things. And that’s something we feel very encouraged by in the conversations that we have and relationships we build in.
Bill Ready: I think you captured really well just being the points there. We have multiple new places that customers are coming in, but as Dan described, we have across nearly every major product area, revamped those products over the last few years that we're were seeing, not only do each of those products tend to get more net new actives for us coming in. We're driving increasing engagement across each of those as people come in through those, they become more engaged on those products in those additional product that they can engage with and also even our relationship with those customers really, we have some more there -- their daily life. So, just as Dan said, it is across multiple fronts and quite noteworthy that it's across our core experiences as well as we’re deepening our engagement.
Bill Ready: As we talked about in prior calls, we -- since quite a long time, really making sure that we had dialed the customers' experience, so that Venmo would not just be another payment button, but that’s the uniqueness of Venmo really gets to great mobile payments as well as the social engagement. Then we have had that dialed in, we took that from person to person payments and to merchant payment. We have been working through that for a year plus. And so, we are really on the place of taking those prior learning's as what we got to put feeling really great about and we are hoping that up to the PayPal merchant base. And so the really interesting thing is happening right now is that we are saying for our Venmo users, we are lining up PayPal merchant allowing, Venmo users to pay PayPal merchants, notably without PayPal merchants having to do anymore just like we rolled out PayPal One Touch, just like we rolled out Android Pay and so you’re seeing us leverage that their unique distribution capability to PayPal merchant again to go deliver Venmo consumers to those PayPal merchant. And so we’re in the midst of ramp of that. But we’re feeling really good about that. We not only had previously proven out the consumers on Venmo, really want to use Venmo for more things beyond P2P and we have a number of merchant where we see really, really part of results in terms of how Venmo stacks up next to other payment alternatives and those merchants we feel great of those things. For now, we really focus on how we take that from where we are now with a handful of merchant to go take that to millions of PayPal merchants. And we started that journey already, as Dan mentioned previously, we’ve started to introduce that, we have merchants like lululemon and Forever 21 that are now there. We have thousands of PayPal merchants now where you can Venmo to pay and we expect, we’ll progress that towards the millions of PayPal merchants over the coming quarters. We’re feeling really about those things, but what consumers want to do this, what was the interaction model with what -- those are things that we really speed that prior year testing out. So now we’re in the mode just thoughtfully scaling out, we’re feeling really good about how that’s going so far.
Bill Ready: Yes, I'll just add to that, that absolutely payments was a mean to end, as Dan described, and what we've demonstrated is that, through unique two sided platform that we've and our ability to connect consumers and merchants around the world do so in a single touch, makes us very unique being able to light up those experiences for those partners. And so, not only did we make the strategic shifts that they wanted to be more open platform to enable those thing, and improve our experiences so that we could do things like One Touch to drive industry-leading conversion levels to connect to those experiences. I think as mobile as matured and players have been able to see different alternatives in the ecosystem, and see what consumers have affinity issue, what drives better conversion rates. I think we're demonstrating consistently that uniqueness of our two sided platform and our ability to connect consumers and merchants, let's us drive connection between consumers and merchants of all types of consumers and tech ecosystems in ways that other can't, whatever their aspirations are whether that's selling more app or selling more devices, or driving engagement with their experiences. We're generally able to connect users to them in those experiences are in a lower friction way than anybody else out there. And that's why you're seeing us really start to play a central role there. And I think as more and more of these interesting new experiences proliferate every time that happen, I think PayPal is now positioned as a place where of course people would want to look given what we've demonstrated we can do on those things.
