John Rainey: Sanjay, this is John. How's it going? First, with respect to transaction margin, as we've seen for a couple quarters now, there's definitely pressure there. But I would remind you that's a deliberate part of our strategy as we're trying to increase the ubiquity of PayPal and allow our customers to use PayPal at larger merchants where we're going to see pressure on take rate. Fortunately for us, we have the ability to offset that with the operating leverage in our business. And as a management team, we're focused on our margins, our generation of free cash flow and growing EPS and not getting so focused on just one aspect of the P&L being the transaction margin. So, you'll continue to see us demonstrate the ability to offset some of that decline. With respect to mix, as we said before, we expected the impact of that 2016 to be relatively de minimis and our first quarter results actually validated that. It was fairly negligible in the quarter and we would expect, to your question, a similar impact for the balance of the year.
John Rainey: Yeah, we've said that we expect Xoom to be margin dilutive this year. And I wouldn't expect necessarily the back half of the year to look that much different than the front half. But it's – to your point, as you can see from and hear from Dan's prepared remarks, this is an area that we're investing in and we would expect it to start generating more significant profits in 2017.
John Rainey: I would just – I would add to that, Bill, that another aspect that we look at is the volatility or – and one of the things that we really try to focus on is reducing the volatility of our earnings. And I think it's important that you understand that we have a lot of ways that we can manage any volatility irrespective whether it comes from credit or other aspects of our business. But to Dan's point, credit is about 2% of our volume today. And if you were to just take 2015 growth rates of credit and the rest of our business, it would take a couple decades before credit even got to 20% to 25% of our overall revenue. So this is something that, to Dan's point, we want to utilize it because it complements our platform, but I'd like to allay some of the concerns that are out there right now around this because it's not something that I think is going to have any kind of dramatic impact in terms of the volatility to us.
John Rainey: Sure, Lisa. So the first – the answer to your first question about the increase in transaction expense is related to mix of Braintree. Of course, that being more card-based, but that as opposed to what we're seeing in the core business on the transaction and loan losses, that's actually a result of increased risk pressures that we saw in the quarter as opposed to anything that we saw specific to credit.
John Rainey: Yeah. And with respect to the customer balances, Lisa, recall that in my prepared remarks I suggested that we moved $800 million from our customer balances to our cash to help fund some of the European originated credit.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah, let me first jump on a little bit of John's answer and just supplement it. First of all, as we've said all along, the margins in this business tend to want to go up. In fact, if you excluded Xoom from our results in the quarter, our margins would have gone up year-over-year. The take rate is a direct result of the strategy that we're implementing. First thing is we want more ubiquity for PayPal consumers. The more ubiquity there is for them to shop, the more they use us, the more engagements they have, the more satisfied they are with the service and it gives us a flywheel effect. And as John mentioned, every one of those dollars that come in from our merchants are obviously profitable dollars for us. The large merchants have lower take rates. That's just the way of the world, more volume, more pricing leverage. The second piece is we are trying to become a full services platform to enable merchants to move into digital commerce. That means we want to do 100% share of their payment processing. We want to be a strategic partner with them. We want to enable their business strategy. And the more we do that, the closer we get to our merchants, the better off that is for us. Churn goes down, more branded business comes towards us. But of course, as we go move more towards that product mix, you also see some margin because that mix of product has a lower margin set as well. But overall, when we include our branded on that, that's a net positive for us. So we're really comfortable with the strategy. It inevitably leads to at least for now because we are penetrating a lot of that larger merchant base and we'll start to see more normalized stuff come out of that. But for now, that is the right strategy for us and it is paying off in all sorts of benefits for us. In terms of net new account growth, we are seeing that throughout the world right now. As John mentioned, over half of our actives are outside of the U.S. So we're seeing good growth across the world. We're obviously seeing very good growth in our core PayPal acquisition as well as in Venmo. So I would basically say we've got good, consistent growth that spans from our newer services to our core business. I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that our value proposition has significantly improved over the course of the last year, year and a half or so and consumers are beginning to see that.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah, I'll take that. I think what's really driving the TPV growth is obviously and no surprise here, our net new actives have grown by some 19 million, 20 million net new active additions over the past year. Over the last two quarters, you've seen acceleration in the number of net new ads that we put on to the business. Engagement is growing. Engagement is growing because our value proposition is getting better. One Touch is increasing engagement, our new mobile app is increasing engagement and conversion is also going up because of those value propositions. We obviously are also expanding partnerships right now. All the investment that we've done in the tech stack over the course of the last three plus years is really paying off in our ability to work with the most technically savvy and sophisticated partners and be able to deliver digital and mobile payment experience that we think is best-in-class. So these new partnerships are helping. And the more merchant – consumers we get, more merchants want to come onboard and you saw some of those in my remarks. But we're now over 14 million merchants. So it's a combination of a better value proposition, more partnerships, expanded merchants and then really driving our net new consumers and the engagement per consumer; all of that is adding up to very strong volume growth.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah, hey, Bill. It's a great question. So as we've said pretty consistently, we are not in credit for credit sake. We are in credit because it drives both consumer benefits and merchant benefits and drives the overall flywheel for PayPal. Any which way you look at it, it drives increased basket size, increased conversion, PayPal Working Capital, significantly increases the volume that we see coming on to PayPal, significantly increases the NPS scores. So we see a lot of benefit in the overall PayPal ecosystem. But we can do this, and will continue to do this in an asset-light manner. Credit is a small part of our overall business. It will likely remain a small part of our overall business. And ways of figuring out how to do that in asset-light and capital efficient manners are a goal of ours. Synchrony, the partnership we have with them is a good example of that. I think you can expect us to be looking at those kinds of things to become increasingly asset-light. We don't need to do all of this or even a great portion of this necessarily on our own balance sheet. We can work with partners because the important thing to us is the flywheel effect.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. Sure, of course. So we're in good and meaningful discussions across the entire ecosystem right now. And I'm hopeful that that leads to a win-win for a number of parties. Just take a step back and give a little bit of context. One of the things that we talked about inside PayPal all the time now is how do we become the ultimate customer champion company. And being a customer champion company means providing the very best experience to our customers. And when we think about the very best experience; that means giving our customers full choice and optionality about where they want to pay and how they want to pay. And to us, that just makes a ton of sense and we've done a lot of work around this as you can imagine and a lot of research and a lot of experimentation. And here's what we see. When we do that, we drive a heck of a lot of more net ads than we have in our traditional signup process. And engagement and conversion go up meaningfully. So that obviously drives increased revenues and volumes for us. Funding mix may shift slightly but the difference between ACH and debit has narrowed substantially over the last couple of years. Different regulatory environments have narrowed a lot of the payment option tightened. So – and we would also expect some tradeoff with incremental volumes that we could drive on to networks and pricing that we would receive from potential partners. In addition, we are very willing to share data back with the issuers and the networks. That really is a legacy of the past as best as I can see. And this sort of new model of customer choice of data sharing, and all of us having a common foe in cash transactions. We all want to electronify more and more payments and that's all attractive and additive to the entire ecosystem. And so that eliminates a lot of the previous perceived friction that might have been out in the ecosystem. And furthermore, we want a partner. We think that's the right thing to go and do. And so we'll see where all this goes but as I said, it has the opportunity to be a win for all of us in the ecosystem.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah, yeah. Thanks for the question, Heath. So first thing in terms of pipeline, we're improving our capabilities as rapidly as we can to onboard live to site that pipeline of sales that we have for Braintree and in our core business. So that's improved quite a bit, but I will say despite the improvement, we are still seeing a large demand and pipeline of additional sales coming in for our platforms. Yeah, I'd say it's a high class problem to have. And the value proposition of Braintree is, I think, the whole team there is doing a great job in driving that. The core propositions of PayPal are getting better really. They're really starting to execute against this idea of being a full services platform, really being almost the underlying operating system for digital commerce. And then that is – that's resonating with the merchant population and so we still have a very strong pipeline being – waiting to go live to site and a strong pipeline of merchants that we're talking to in the middle of the sales process with them as well. In terms of One Touch, we've said from the very beginning that we see meaningful lift in not just conversion vis-à-vis our other products but also engagement in terms of how often a consumer uses PayPal because really as you can imagine, taking friction out of the checkout experience is just a really positive thing. It's really positive for consumers and it's really positive for merchants. And seeing that comScore study that basically, as you know, our nearest alternative service at 51% and us at 87% can give you an idea of the lift in conversion. The other place that I would point to is you can see kind of where PayPal conversion was before One Touch and other comScore studies and where it is now and you can get a sense of some of the lift for that by looking at some of those external studies. But you'll see it's a meaningful lift in conversion overall. That's obviously beginning to help us in our results. And hopefully as we continue to onboard more and more consumers on that, we'll continue to help drive some of our future growth.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. In terms of additional funding sources, I think, is what you're talking about in there. We have not introduced additional funding sources coming in. You can now add cash into your balance at several thousand retail stores across the U.S. But this idea about us opening our platform up to more funding types to be more in the middle of how people manage and move their money is still a future initiative for us. So you wouldn't have seen that in today's results.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. So we've done – as I mentioned, we've done a ton of experimentation on this and what we have seen with consumer choice is a much better experience for consumers, much more engagement, much more conversion and many more incremental net adds to that. And on the mix, when you look at ACH you also need to look into not just the cost of ACH, but when we take from an ACH balance, there's risk associated with that. And so as we look at the environment and we look at the differences in mix shift, we look at the advantages of choice, we look at the partnering with the ecosystem, we think this is a net positive not just for us but for other players in the ecosystem as well. And that's what has us cautiously optimistic about this. Any time that you can find solutions that actually provide a win for all players in the system, that's a real positive. And I think that's what we're finding in our conversations. It doesn't mean that things lead to one thing or another but it does mean that there's a lot more understanding and a lot more commonality in what we're trying to do than before.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah, you bet. Well, first of all, the mobile app is a fundamentally redesigned app. It really brings us into the mobile world. It puts up front the things that customers want to go out and do, it doesn't clutter it up. It's simple, easy. As I mentioned, it's driving increased consumer engagement. And it also enables us for consumers to now be able to use their mobile phone in-store whether that be through NFC or QR codes. And the way that I think about in-store is really in-store, online, in-app, they're all coming together. It's just commerce is the way to think about it. It's all moving towards mobile. And we basically want to be able to utilize for merchants this underlying platform so that we can be their OS, do 100% share of checkout, enable merchants to create their own application, tie in their rewards into our platform, do things like split tender at checkout and create a real value proposition change for consumers so that merchants can use mobile to get closer to their customers. And we're trying to power that experience there. We want to be OS agnostic. We want to be POS, point-of-sale, agnostic as well. And then we want to use our PayPal wallet, which, as we mentioned now, is growing quite quickly to basically light up that merchant app. Part of the issue with merchant apps is when they can create a good value proposition, they need somebody to help power that. But then they need volume on that application. And with things like our One Touch technology, our new re-platforming, as long as a consumer opts in, we can credentialize their IDs and make that signing up for that app much more friction-free than previously. And so not only can we provide the underlying infrastructure for that merchant, but we can then light up that application with our consumer base. We've had great success with Shell in the U.K. They're doing a trial now in Brazil with Subway, with Burger King, with Dollar General, with Macy's, with Papa John's. We have thousands of retailers that now are part of our order-ahead application on our mobile app where you can just order ahead, pay with PayPal and then pick up in store. And so this is what I mean. Basically you have mobile, bridging the gap between online, in-app and in-store and we're really pleased with the initial results, it's obviously early on but a lot of potential for us there. So thank you for that question.
