Dan Schulman: Okay, yeah, sorry, I didn’t hear that. Okay. I’ll start and maybe a couple - the other guys can jump in. Specifically, you asked about the effect of hedging in the quarter. Hedging was about 1 point of EPS for the quarter versus last year for us. Our hedge gain was about $28 million to $30 million in the quarter and it was $10 million to $15 million higher last year. So that certainly affected the margin performance in the quarter. But I would - but we want to emphasize though that we indicated this when we gave the guidance last time in the last call, we made some investments in our business in the quarter. And there you typically think of the seasonality of our business. Our fourth quarter can be 15% to 20% larger than the third quarter. And so we tend to staff up in certain areas to prepare for that. We’re also - we look at the opportunity that we have in front of us, which everyone recognizes with the huge addressable market. That does require some investing and we’re not going to shy away from that. We’ve indicated that we expect margins to be stable to growing over time. But we’re not going to be a slave to margin performance from one quarter to the next, particularly if it means that it’s at the expense of investing in the business. That said, we also recognize that we don’t get a pass from the market. And we’re going to continue to drive revenue growth and earnings performance like we’ve seen. With respect to some of our products, we’ve got a host of different things that Bill and his team are working on. I wouldn’t necessarily pinpoint credit as the opportunity in terms of product expansion next year. What we are thinking more broadly is just in terms of how we can offer other types of products and experiences for our customers.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, I’ll take that and then turn it over to either Bill or John from there. Thanks for the question. I think just in general, if you step back, we think we have an incredibly large opportunity in front of us. I mean, think about it, we are 10% of the e-commerce, and e-commerce is 10% of retail. So when we look at the addressable opportunity in front of us, we think we have maybe 1% share or something like that. And so there is a tremendous amount of opportunity in front of us. And we are seeing very good momentum in the business right now. Bill and his team have put into place over the course of this year, a number of new services, a number of new products. We’ve upgraded of our work flows by the upgrading of our platform. And so we see a tremendous amount of momentum coming into the business. Obviously, as we think about choice, we think about choice more over the medium and longer terms pieces of this in terms of its impact in terms of growth for us. And so, as we think about next year we think really about the momentum of the business carrying us into that. As we think further out, obviously, the increased adoption, engagement, and the other services and offerings that we are putting out beyond choice that will go into the market will all fuel that growth. And then on the margin side, as John mentioned, we feel we have a lot of room in our cost structure, a lot of OpEx room. But we also in addition to that are putting out new services and new enhancements that have increased margins associated with them. And so as we looked at our medium term or our three year outlook, we felt very comfortable taking that revenue outlook up and maintaining our margin guidance.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. So I’ll let Bill answer some of the issuer things that we are talking about. But I would just say that as you look into 2017 the vast majority of that is the current momentum of the business. So Visa, MasterCard and the issuer implementations, those will happen as we go through next year. But we don’t assume a lot of either revenue or volume increase as a result of that. So we are trying to be reasonably conservative on the - on what we will see next year from that. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, and then Bill can expend on this, we are having quite a number of conversations with issuers, both large and small in terms of ways that we can partnered together. I’ll let Bill get into the details of that. But the overall tenor of the discussions are extremely positive. And one other thing, I’ll just say before I turn it to Bill is with the tokenization schema that we have from the networks, the issuers don’t need to do anything. They just need to opt into it. So we don’t need to put out announcements for every one of these and we don’t plan to go and do that either. There’ll be some that we’ll announce no doubt, but the majority of those, since there is really nothing that needs to be done, usually just needs to opt in, we’ll just start to implement.
Dan Schulman: I think that’s predominantly right on that, that there will be smaller amounts of revenue benefit in 2017. But we are able to cut out not just cost in our OpEx. I’ll give you one example of that. Obviously, we have a good percentage of our calls coming into our customer care centers are around funding type, and since we’re going to be implementing that, those costs are something that we can take out of our business immediately. And so, there are other pieces of the cost structure that we can elaborate on if you’re interested that we will address. But on top of that we have had quite a number of new products this year that are giving us incremental margins, incremental lift and engagement such as One Touch is the perfect example of that. And now they carry over into next year as well.
Dan Schulman: Yes, it’s more or less. Three years is probably too precise, as you can fully appreciate when you get into a longer-term plan horizon, that there is less certainty with each passing year. We tend to think of how we’re growing the business in that multiyear, three-ish year timeframe. And so I think that that’s accurate. I don’t know that, where we want to be so specific as to say that it ends at December 31, 2019.
Dan Schulman: The way that we set our three-year outlook, yes, end of 2019, but I think John’s point is a good one.
Dan Schulman: Yes. You could take the guidance range and throw that. Xoom has been - as we’ve talked consistently this year, little bit of a drag on our margins. I would actually point though that the bigger impact in the quarter on operating margin was related to the increased provision around credit. And we’ve talked for a long time about the different leverage we have in the business, even despite having that increase in cost in the quarter. I think we demonstrated our ability to pull those levers by still coming at the high-end of our guidance range.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. So let me take the more strategic part of that question, which is where we see ourselves going, and then turn over to Bill to talk explicitly around where we are in the customer choice piece of it. And so, we talked a little bit about PayPal moving from being well beyond just a button on a website to really two things. For merchants, we want to be a full service solution provider. As the world move towards mobile, merchants are looking to write applications to take advantage of that mobile across online, in app, mobile web and in store. And they are trying to create those applications to enable them to get closer to consumers and create distinct differentiated value propositions. We basically want to power those applications with our platform. We want to do a 100% share of checkout. We want to integrate rewards capabilities through API and toolsets into our platform. We want to integrate contextual commerce into our platform, credit into our platform, so that merchants of all sizes can write the applications to get them closer to their customers and we can power that with our platform. And then we take the extensive number of consumers we have, the 177 million consumers we have, on top of the 15 million merchants we have. And we drive those consumers in a friction-free way to be able to sign up for those merchant apps. So we are really trying to be a much more extensive partner to merchants, as they make this change in a mobile-centric world, things like the One Touch and conversion rate, and all that is tremendously powerful for them. On the consumer side, we are looking to be much more in the middle of how consumers manage and move money. We’ve talked about our longer-term engagement goals, which are to go from, but we’re now 2.5 times a month, we were 2 times a month when we started that, but we to go to something like 2 times a week. And we know that’s a longer term goal. But if you look at what we’ve done with choice in enabling consumers to not just say, how they want, but where they want. And this is why I gave the example in Spain, I mean, it’s obviously very early days and not a significant number of customers to get, but those customers just offline are using the service 6 times a month on there, so you can start to see that engagement. And we were looking at a host of other things we’ve now integrated into Xoom, so that U.S. customers of PayPal can now use international remittances. It’s another service offering on top of that. And I don’t want to give away any future off my hands right now on the call. But you can expect us to continue to grow the set of offerings that we give to consumers. And so, as you look out over the medium term, you can expect us to continue to expand and grow our business, not just take the business we have. And follow the tailwinds of digitization, which will really drive that.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. I’ll just add on that, Bill. I think there are a couple of things that we did get from choice. Choice was a proactive strategic choice we made well before we started into negotiations with the networks. Actually our move to choice enabled us to open those conversations and to really start to think about how do we become the allies with financial institutions and networks to drive digital payments together. And I mentioned in my remarks the elimination of digital wallet fees and the cost certainty. They will talk about tokens. And that allows us to move in a very seamless way into in-store environments. But it also enabled us to have like the equivalent of what you would think of as card present rates coming into the in-store environment. It’s a profitable way for us to move into the in-store environment. And the other thing we obviously got some network discounts on top of that, as well as instant access to fund when somebody is trying to remove funds from the PayPal account through their bank account. And that was an important value proposition gap that we had. And we saw in other countries like the UK, where we do have that today, that people actually increased their balance on the PayPal platform, when they know they can take that money off instantaneously. So it’s a little counterintuitive to what most people are seeing that we got a lot of experience and know-how in that.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. I first start off at, obviously, eBay is a large and incredibly important customer to us. We work, though hand in hand, with that team to try and drive as much business as possible through that partnership. But, obviously, as we split apart from eBay, part of the premise of that was that as a truly neutral third-party digital payments platform that we could partner with numerous merchants and retailers that might have seen the relationship that we have with eBay as competitive to them and so that we wouldn’t have been independent. I think a great example of that is Alibaba. We have been nurturing that relationship with them. We’ve done a couple of different announcements through the quarters. We started with wholesalers with them. But now really AliExpress is the main marketplace of Alibaba. That’s where really all their merchants are. And we’ve already started with PayPal being a team in options on that. It’s really a great example of it, because we have great strengths outside of China with consumers. They have great strengths with merchants inside China, who are already a major cross-border player in the Chinese corridor. So that match would never happen have we not been an independent third party. And that’s happening with numerous retailers as well, especially as we expand our value proposition now to really appeal to a mobile-centric world, that one retailer after another of all sizes are thinking about.
Dan Schulman: Yes, Bill, great question. First of all, the networks nor PayPal would have done the deal that we did, have we not already been speaking with issuers and have we not known that issuers were going to be very favorably inclined to this. And so, this wasn’t sort of a one-two punch, where the first punch was the network deals and the second one was going out to issuers, where many conversations happening simultaneously. And I would say all of the conversations that we are having with issuers involve incremental volumes and incremental customers. There is not one conversation that’s just about, well, let’s just talk about PayPal base, let’s say, we’re going to talk about the base that’s within that issuer base. It’s all about how we increase volumes, how we increase the adoption and the number of accounts utilizing PayPal. So, yes, well, that is pretty much the focus of the conversations that we’re having with issuers.
Dan Schulman: Yes, well, thank you for that question and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We really appreciate the time out of your busy schedules and we look forward to speaking with you again in the near future. Thank you, operator.
Bill Ready: Yeah. I’ll just add that - to Dan’s point, while the issuers don’t need to do things to enable us to use tokens and those types of things that we’re receiving from Visa and MasterCard is just an opt in, it’s also the case of the things we’re doing around choice. We’re able to do and deliver value to our customers in the ecosystem without them having to do work on their end. So this isn’t really a framework of a lot of one-off announcements, but one where we set a framework of how we work with the broader industry. And we’re seeing from the experiences we’ve rolled out already that, as was mentioned earlier in the call by Dan and John, engagement lift, those types of things that we have been seeing from consumer choice even ahead of our deals with Visa and MasterCard in the broader ecosystem. We’re seeing those things play out in the way this is very much in line with how we thought about going into choice overall.
Bill Ready: On the point of the roadmap for the customer choice implementation, as we’ve discussed previously, I call out that many of those core concepts we have been testing even prior to these deal. And so we have rolled out, I would say, much of the core concepts of choice. Dan called out one of those earlier in the call around the ability to pay with things other than your PayPal balance. And as we have rolled those out importantly we are seeing consumer behavior on those really in line with how we expected that to play out from our prior testing around these things. So very much going as planned on that front. And then as we come into next year, we’ll have some more of these things that will sort of layer in as we come into the first-half of next year. But the core concepts around users being able to pay however they want and us not influencing them or requiring them to use things of our preference. Those core concepts have been implemented and/or you were seeing consumer behavior as we would have expected from our prior testing around those things. And finally, I will just call out some of the really beneficial points around what we get from those, access to tokens, instant withdrawals, those types of things we expect to have coming as we get into the first-half of next year.
Bill Ready: Yeah, in addition to that I would also add that, while we have expanded reach with merchants, it’s also the case that our core experiences, as Dan mentioned earlier on the call, things like PayPal One Touch with now more than 30 million consumers and active in 200 markets around the world, we’re seeing increasing engagement from those products on - or those consumers on our core products. So, yes, we have new experiences like Venmo that are highly engaged. But we’re also improving engagement on our core products. And interestingly, as you’ve seen some third-parties validate, such as the comScore’s value that looked PayPal conversion versus other new entrants to the market in standard checkout, our conversion is nearly 40 points higher that our nearest competitor with us at 87.5% and the nearest competitor at 51%. That’s an example of our increasing relevancy with consumers as they move to mobile and are demanding more and seamless experiences as evidenced by the higher conversion rate that we have. So it is on multiple fronts that we’re seeing that improvement in engagement. But the core product itself we are seeing great increasing relevance with our consumers.
