John Rainey: Yes. Thanks, Darrin. Good question both. The $40 million restructuring charge is a result of a very targeted initiative here which actually goes into your second quarter that is really design to help us move forward in a very efficient manner as we scale our business. It is not what I would describe as your typical headcount reduction. It’s a target reduction that really drives towards the efficiency of the business and in doing so is in a very customer centric fashion. So we don’t expect that in the future necessarily that’s one-time effect. With respect to operating leverage, you are right, you could go back and look at the last several quarters and you have seen sequential declines in our operating expense growth rate each of those quarters. And to your point we grew 4.5% this quarter and even if you look at that on kind of an incremental margin basis, for every dollar of revenue that we brought in this quarter our operating expenses increased $0.10 and that’s the best performance that we have ever seen as a company. You can go back to prior years and that number would have been as high as $0.50 in some cases. So this is a demonstration of how we are going to operate moving forward and it really is across all aspects of our business. It’s not specific to what you may think of generally as overhead. It’s how build sales group and product development. How we build our product. How we sell to our customer. So it’s a muscle that we are developing and we certainly hope that we can share more of these results going forward.
John Rainey: Sure. As Dan alluded to you in his remarks, we are beginning to expand pay with Venmo and we have got some improvement in the contribution assume there, but I wouldn’t by any stretch the imagination suggested aggressive or that were dependent upon that for our results this year. We are going to be measured in this as Bill has said many times before this is something where we – it’s too precious to get Venmo and we want to get the experience just right. So if that requires us taking more measured approach that’s absolutely fine with us. And so we are – we do expect to have daily improving economics with Venmo as we go forward. But there is not, I wouldn’t describe our 2017 guidance is depending on the comp that is going to happen within that.
John Rainey: Sanjay, on asset life, I want to start by reminding everyone that we have no intention to start offering a credit product. Credit today compliments a holistic suite of payment offerings that we provide for our merchants and consumers and they find great value of that. What we do want to do though is put that that credit offering in a less capital intensive manner than what we do today, so that we can free up that cash potentially as much as $5 billion for higher returning investment. We have got various options there, some are more partnerships like opportunities, others are pure asset sale, some combination of the two. Our preference that you do question on timing is to do something sooner, but we are not going to add on the side of experience that means giving a sale optimal deal for PayPal. So we are not under a self-imposed timeframe. We are going to take our time will be measured and do what is best for creating long-term shareholder value for PayPal.
John Rainey: Hey, Bill, the second part of your question, in terms of whether we would expect to see OpEx turn negative. I would reemphasis that this is not a one-time cost take out approach on cost. We are reengineering the way we work and so from one quarter to the next we certainly have seasonality in our business we may invest more in certain quarters versus other quarters, but at the end of day we are growth company and we are going to continue to add cost, where we think it generates value for us. And we don’t overly rotate towards one metric like other operating expense or like transaction margin, the thing that drives us is being a customer champion and create shareholder value and so we are going to make decision whether it would be around revenue or costs that we think results in strong performance in both of those metrics.
John Rainey: And Bill, I would add to that, maybe a better to think about the cost trajectory going forward with other operating expense is mid-single digits growth.
John Rainey: Yeah. I would just add to that, while, as just Dan mentioned, we have great efficiency around marketing and billing considering the ability to assist, pay within what’s marketing, the $6.8 million a month we did in the quarter and 114% year-over-year growth came with almost no marketing for Venmo. It’s a product that have been inherently viral and so we certainly think about how we will support the product going forward, but it is a great place to be when you have a product that customers truly love and is inherently viral and grows without having to go through tons of marketing dollars added and so that is something we think about with that as we build pay with Venmo the social aspect of that we have kept very much at the core of what we are doing and we think that can really help to build upon the virality of the core product. So it’s not a product that we have to go support with massive amounts of marketing. It’s a product that is inherently viral and that we can complement with couple marketing.
Dan Schulman: Yes. Tien-tsin, thanks for the question. I think, there are a couple of things that drove overall results. And I think one of the things is au (3144) around these things. It is the result of cumulative effect of lots of actions that we have been taking. Certainly, customer choice is being very helpful. We are seeing not only increase on board – on boarding is more streamlined but reduction in churn, which to me is a great checkmate for what we were trying to do with the choice. But that’s still early days on that. We are really seeing momentum across all regions right now. I think a lot of that is because over the past 18 to 24 months Bill and his team, the risk teams others around the company have really looked at our core value proposition. Things that you may not think about like availability and performance of our network are up time. We spent a tremendous amount of energy and resource to make sure that our platforms perform the way that our customers expect for us. We obviously couldn’t think like One Touch. One Touch is driving more engagement. More engagement typically means with our churn, which is held for on our net adds. I think, if you look at our noble performance and it’s arguable that we are only not global checkout experience right now. I look at things like our consumer app we put out, the merchant app we put out, new invoicing things, smaller things have the ability to recover passwords more easily, all of these things are starting to hit in the marketplace in quite impactful way. And I would say we are just beginning on this as well. I mean, if you think about choice for the first time, we are actually beginning to see banks that, we have even mentioned in our remarks, our press announcements that our marketing pays off to their consumers because if they can put their debt or credit into the PayPal Wallet, they know they are going to drive additional digital spend by doing that. We have a lot more that we have got planned in the funnel whether that’s additional functionality for Venmo users, whether that’s international expansion, upticks in our consumer value proposition or all of the things we are doing with multiple partners across world, that’s also helping to drive our net adds. So as I mentioned in our remarks, we are now expecting more than 20 million net adds for the year since substantial step up from where we are and hopefully we will continue to see that momentum moving forward. We are certainly encourage by what we are seeing.
Dan Schulman: Thanks, Bryan. I will take the first part of the question then turn over to Bill for Android. Actually, Bryan, this is one of these quarters where we just hit on all cylinders. If you start at the top of the funnel you see that the 6 million net new adds, which is highest we have had in several years and then you walk away down, revenue came in and really all – across all regions came in better than what we have expected in core PayPal. And then as I alluded to you in my prepared remarks, we are really pleased with what we are seeing in around discipline on the cost side of the business. We have got – we just -- we are changing our way that we operate as a company and this is Bill’s evolution, but we are pretty excited and then we are beginning to seeing the results of what we are capable up here.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. Just to build on that a response though, one of the long-term aspirations we have with consumers is that, we first started this that they were transacting with us one to two times a month. We are now approaching almost three times a month, that’s what we can say it for us that our long-term aspiration is that a PayPal consumer engagement with us one to two times a week. And as Bill mentioned, the way to do that is to be much more involve in the everyday management and movement of money of the consumer, which means that we want to give them this optionality of not only what instrument they want to use and how they want to spend, but where they want to spend. So whether that the international remittance, whether that be bill pay, whether that be a tax to pay in app or in store, we are trying to open up the PayPal Wallet through these partnership in multiple context and multiple different functions for our consumers to be much more engage with PayPal Wallet and we are beginning to see the early payoffs of that.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. As I mentioned in my opening remarks on Venmo side, we are really trying to take same approach with One Touch. We have now been able to engineer our platform just like with One Touch recently got such quick merchant acceptance as the merchant have to do no work on their part to be able accept our One Touch transaction. We have that initial on Braintree with automobile customers and we tested Venmo to see I take that experience, that’s a social experience of payments and move it into a social experience for purchases as well. And we now have the platform to be able to turn on PayPal merchants which obviously is the vast majority of base here in the U.S. to accept payment from Venmo as an option. And so that will roll out over the year but that will roll out more towards the back half of the year and so we will Venmo this year and as John said, we will start to see that improve as we look forward in our medium-term guidance. On Tio, Tio is a publicly traded company right now, you can see the results that did about $80 million or so last year in their past quarter, this last quarter that they just reported. Obviously, we will look at with synergies are there. We are quite excited about having Tio come in. Bill payment is a very sticky solution. We are really trying to build out how we can help underserved consumers manage and move their money and that can be done in a very profitable way for us and a very consumer friendly way for consumers as well. So we are really excited to close that acquisition. Again, we expect that to close in the second half of this. But in our overall results, it’s a pretty small number in general.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. So, Sanjay, just, we are actually announcing all of the different issuers and banks that we are working with, because we don’t active, we don’t -- they don’t necessarily make the announcement. We don’t need the announcement and so there are lot that adjusting to that end. Some of the very big ones take time to work with. That’s really just take time to work through. I think there is a single conversation that we are having right now that I feel, but optimistic about that everything being done with an eye from both parties to get deal done and these are big banks. They have a unique, some of them are very unique situations and we just need to work through large different documents with each of them. We want to make sure that when we sign up with the bank that the product flows are right, that we exactly have experience right to make it as I mentioned in my remarks, mutually advantageous for our mutual customers. So, not really to read on that, just take some time to work through these things.
Dan Schulman: Yes. Thanks for your question, Bill. So, I will just take one step back on choice. We want the choice, because we really felt that into our long-term stage to be the ultimate customer champion company focused on customers and what their pain points are, what they need that offering them optionality of how and where they want to pay, giving them flexibility and transparency and powering them with essential for us to remain the market leader in digital payments. And it also had the benefit which was great, enabling us to team with networks, financial institutions, carriers, tech companies to drive digital payment, we are all aligned and wanted to do that. And then remember that the partnership arrangements that we had enabled us to get certain things that we didn’t have before cost certainty, elimination of digital wallet, sees what something that was hanging out in the market, we got access as Bill mentioned to industry standard tokens, card present rates. We have network volume discounts that came back to us because we obviously drive a ton of volume over the various networks and we had instant access to funds coming off of the platform which was a – today which we have in our P2P product and we fill all of those gaps with this field. So we assume right now that we are now rolled out basically into across our on boarding, a servicing and our checkout experiences. And we are not now looking at tens of thousands of data test and after test for hundreds of thousands of early adapters, we are looking at multiple millions of consumers that is opted into choice and the results we are seeing are, a frank and very pleasant as we see them. As I mentioned, we are going to see an increase in net adds and a notable part of that is going to be driven through choice and we are just beginning on that piece of it. Our order sizes are up as people can figure out, so this order allows them to use our debit or credit cards, this transaction they wanted to use their ACH or debit card. And so people can now talk about for in fact nearly it’s those who use PayPal less to finding the most value in choice right now and that is driving engagement and higher order sizes and we see our cost coming down as we expected, because people were confused about funding choices and we expected a reduction of course coming in the call center and that’s exactly what we are seeing and that’s sustainable cost reductions for us. And then the transaction costs are well within the expectation, so we have well within that and so we had model all of these reasonably conservatively what we looked at our guidance and our medium-term guidance and all of them. We are quite pleased by what we are seeing and we are just getting start the marketing for the banks. In fact that we get additional funding options coming in like rewards points that will start to come in early next year as our another funding mechanism, all of these things are sort of begin early days on choice, but we were always sure that over the long-term this would make sense for us, we are frankly see any playing out much earlier than we expected.
Dan Schulman: I would say, senior leader shifting though, there has been a tremendous amount of focus kind of how we do that in a way that enables us to make decisions quickly, to innovate more rapidly, to do so in a much more efficient way and so when you think about costs, this is not necessarily taking cost out but it’s eliminating cost. So for instant in global ops, our global ops growth least than that that it has come forward. The reason for that is predominantly caller statement. That means calls are not coming in our customer care, because our product experience is better, since we have choice and so those are sustainable benefits that we have as a result of actions we are taking that and we are very focused on being both – focus on what customer pain points are. How we solve it. How we keep our lead in the marketplace that are operating in very efficient and effective way.
Dan Schulman: I just like to add to that, if you think about the merchant side and you think about our strategy around the merchant side, as we move fundamentally over the last three or four years from predominantly being a button on our website to really now being a fundamental underlying platform provider to merchants as they think about how did they take advantage of mobile and that means that we are offering a host of services across a common platform that we never did before. Full checkout type of capabilities, credit capabilities, contextual commerce toolsets, rewards integration through API sets and the list goes on and on and so invoicing capabilities. So if you think about the mission of PayPal of both on the consumer side as Bill just articulated and on the merchant side. It is a much more expansive mission and vision than we have ever had before and so I think that we obviously can grow in a couple of different ways going forward and this is fully what we expect. One is we are going cross sell more products and services to existing customers. We have a whole suite both on the consumer side and on the merchant side and we can tremendously expand the amount of services we provide to each and every customer. Second thing though is we are just beginning on this journey here. We are beginning to see acceleration of our net ads coming consumers are beginning to recognize sort of network effect and we have merchants are beginning to see that and we have huge international expansion opportunities which is better performance and we can do on that side. So it’s not just a matter of due coming in, it’s a matter of taking what we have and be able to cross sell into existing as well. So that sort of combination of this two things, time gives us a lot of excitement about our growth prospect as we look forward.
Dan Schulman: Hi, James, thanks for the question. First of all, I think, one of the areas that as we have seen a bunch of fundamental really efficiency and improvement is in our whole marketing spend. We took what we are previously very desperate marketing functions in each of our regions either in headquarters, we put them all together and that group is both regions and I think central looking at our spend, figuring out how do we spend that in the most efficient manner. We have ton of data and analytics around if you look at things both through an ROI perspective and we are not just more efficient but way more effective on our marketing spend and I can’t say enough good things about what that team has done. And by being more efficient we are actually getting more spend out of the existing dollars that we have. With pay Venmo for all of our growth initiatives, you heard John talk about we are going to take the money that we are saving and reinvest it back into our group initiatives, pay with Venmo where we a part of that that gets additional investment for us.
Dan Schulman: So, James, thank you for that question. And thank you to everybody for joining us today. We really appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thanks a lot.
