Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Sarah. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Welcome to PayPal's earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2023. Joining me today on the call is Dan Schulman, our President and CEO. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary. This conference call is also being webcast, and both the presentation and call are available on our Investor Relations website. In discussing our company's performance, we'll refer to some non-GAAP measures. You can find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this conference call. We will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include our guidance for the second quarter and full year 2023, our planning assumptions for 2023 and our comments related to anticipated foreign exchange rates, operating margins and share repurchase activity. Our actual results may differ materially from these statements. You can find more information about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our results in the most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC and available on our Investor Relations website. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of today's date, May 8, 2023. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update this information. With that, let me turn the call over to Dan.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yes. So I really think about it as a multiyear journey that we're on to continue to transition the business and really drive more profitable volumes through the unbranded processing side, while at the same time accelerating the growth in branded. We're off to a really good start. Q1, we saw acceleration in the branded business. It was very broad-based in terms of what we were seeing. And we continue to see very strong growth on the unbranded side of the platform. Sequential acceleration on unbranded given its size and scale is very impressive. Given the beta business that we run, it will take some time to see what I would see an inflection point in the overall sort of TM dynamics. I would say Q1 did have some nuances to it, which included about 130 basis impact just from normalizing our credit provisions. So that's not specifically related to unbranded, branded mix. It really was sort of credit loss provisioning that impacted the TM rate as well. But to your point, as we move through the year, we do continue to expect to see a continuation of the TM dynamic that's put out in Q1. There are some exciting trends that we're seeing in the business, however. So I'd say what we saw in cross-border in Q1 and the growth in that business is quite encouraging. It was the strongest quarter we had for cross-border really since Q4 of 2021. That, of course, has a higher yield to it overall. So as we start to see some of those pieces of the business pick up, that will also help. And then just from a TM standpoint, we did see some pressure as well in Q1 specifically on the unbranded side for PayPal. And this is not Brain business. This is the transitioning of our unbranded processing on the PayPal side to PPCP has created some pressure in the quarter, which we don't to be sort of ongoing as we think about how we exit the year given what our expectations are for PPCP. So we're continuing to be disciplined about the growth of the business. We do expect all these strategies to start to play out and start to help turn the overall TM profile, but I would expect it's going to take a number of quarters before we see what we would call an inflexion point.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yes, you bet. Thanks, Bryan. So you'll see in the Q, which will be filed tomorrow, we did increase the provisions on the PBPL portfolio, which is the PayPal business loans portfolio. Overall, that portfolio is about 17% of our overall receivables, so sort of a sliver of our overall book. We did widen our credit box in the middle of last year. We have seen some performance that was less strong than we would have liked that is working its way through our system. And so we increased the provisions. We've already started to see an improvement overall in a box. I mean that's something that we'll just work its way through our systems. We expect delinquencies to worsen through Q2 peak in this quarter and improve throughout the remainder of the year based upon the origination strategy. But really, that piece of the book is a very small component of the overall portfolio. And I'd say more importantly, the area that we're really growing where we're really growing where the originations are quite strong continues to be the Buy Now, Pay Later portfolio. And there, we've seen very broad-based strength. And so that's a really important part of our strategy. It supports the improved checkout performance in our business on the branded side, and we're excited about the continued growth of that business overall. We did mention in the prepared remarks that our expectation is to externalize part of that portfolio during this year and work with a partner to really provide sort of longer-term sustained support for growth in that portfolio. As I say, overall, we continue to be very pleased with our credit portfolio. We've seen very good performance in -- across the book. We are seeing some normalization, which we expected to see as it relates to just sort of kind of normalization post COVID and really getting back to what we historically seen in terms of performance. But in terms of reserve coverage, when we take a look at reserve coverage today versus when CECL started, which was the first quarter of 2020, we're actually a few hundred points -- a few hundred basis points better overall. And so the book itself continues to be quite healthy.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. So Braintree continues to do extraordinarily well. And it's not just winning incremental clients, but we are growing our share of the overall PSP volume in our largest clients as well. Look, we did expect Braintree and we do expect Braintree to moderate its growth, lapping some big deals last year. But honestly, we're working on some big deals this year, too. And we've got a lot of momentum in Braintree. And I think its success -- it's differentiated. It's driven by an open architecture where we are perfectly willing to orchestrate transactions to third-party services and other PSPs. And we've got our integrated servicing. We've got our availability. I think now it's amongst best-in-class. I think we've got the lowest loss rates fraud in the industry, some of the highest loss rates may be up to 390 basis points better than others. And we've got a number of great value-added services that others have, but we're expanding to, whether they be APMs or vaulting real time card updates on payouts, and we're adding more and more that are really valuable to clients and also are very high margin like FX-as-a-Service. If you look at audience results and you see how much comes from their profits come from FX-as-a-Service, you can see why we're eager to add that. On the PPCP side of it, there are obviously some benefits as you move into the small and midsized market. First of all, you obviously have a higher margin structure than you do with your large enterprises. And we clearly see that even in the PayPal button dynamics that we have. It's a really flexible, simple integration. It's fully featured as well. It's got all the APMs, including Apple Pay. It's got vaulting IP plus, real-time account update or it's got all of our latest integrations. And it's integrated with Zettle for omnichannel capabilities. And it also is targeted at channel partners. And that's a really important thing. And we're making some really, good progress in our initial conversations with last of our major channel partners. If those channel partners are hosted, they run their services as a hosted service, once we upgrade them to PPCP, our latest checkout integrations very quickly move into that merchant base, that's part of those channel partners. And it's a way of moving our long tail of merchants on to our latest checkout integrations. We're now, fully live with PPCP here in the U.S. We'll expand to EU and to Australia next quarter. And the other really important thing about our unbranded services besides, the fact that they've got a deep relationship with our most important clients, if they drive a ton of data into our machine learning and AI engines, it's why we have amongst the lowest loss rates in the industry, the lowest instances of fraud, the highest conversion rates. And so, we're not looking all of that together, it's why I really spend time calling out why unbranded is a strategic imperative for us. People have asked us about our transaction margin, what's happening with that, looking at our growth of unbranded. To me, that is a high-class problem for us to have. We are winning in that market faster than we anticipated. We have a very well thought through strategy and set of actions to drive margin in that business. And we're very focused on making that happen, and we're seeing the beginnings of that already happening. So I appreciate the question, Lisa. I think it's a really important one.
Daniel Schulman: Yes, I think maybe I'll take a step back for a second. I mean I think, look, our strategy on average and over time is to deliver double-digit EPS growth year-after-year-after-year. And we've had a good track record in general of doing that. We've got a well thought through strategy and a set of actions that's going to deliver increased transaction margin dollars, along with OpEx reductions, to make sure that we do that. We've talked a lot about the initiatives that we're focused on, and we've been focused on the same thing for over a year now. Its drive branded checkout that's our #1 priority. All of our initiatives are linked to that. It's our highest margin service. It's our bread and butter, and we're absolutely determined to have that be best-in-class. We want to drive unbranded, because of all the things I talked about in my remarks. It helps us on branded share of checkout. It helps us in our data collection and all of the things we can do with those, unique sense of data. In unbranded will be a new source of margin generation for us, without question. We are beginning to put those services already into place. Many of them will go into place by the fourth quarter, and I expect to see the majority of those things start to take effect in 2024. And then clearly, we're managing our OpEx extremely well. And I can talk with more detail on that if anyone has a question on it. But we said - we thought it would be, negative high single-digits this year. It's likely to be 10%, negative 10% plus. And if anybody thought costs were going up, they'll go down again next year as well. I can talk more about that. But we've got a real set of initiatives and strategies focused on this. We're executing against it, I'm confident that we'll be able to deliver on what we set out to do.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. Thanks, Jason. I think maybe I'll grab that one. So if I just take a step back for a second, like we're the market leader in online checkout, right? We've got 35 million merchants, except those 80% of the top 1,500 online retailers in the U.S., except as there's no other is wallet that comes close to that acceptance. Yes in general, our auth rates are about 600 basis points better than the industry average. It means every time a hundred things that a consumer does to buy from a merchant we approved six more of them. And we've got consumer trust and brand trust in that when a smaller midsized merchant puts PayPal on their website. They see a 44% conversion lift by doing that. So these are really strong advantages that we're going to leverage going forward. But obviously, there's a ton of stuff we can still do, right? We're optimizing presentment. We're making sure that our best-in-class integrations are out there, whether that comes through our branded checkout, whether that comes through the new SDKs and APIs that we have, whether that comes through PPCP, going into channel partners. So - because we know when we have our best-in-class integrations, we either have stable share or growing share of checkout. Our availability, as I mentioned, is closing in our 5 9s of latency, improved it by 40%. We'll improve it up to 50% better, makes a giant difference in conversion rates. Our passwordless login improved by 10 full points last year. We intend to grow that again this year, whether that be through pass keys or other ID or forms of biometrics. Buy Now, Pay Later, we're taking share there, and we are intending to continue to take share there. Our auth rates are higher, we think, than anyone else is because we know the customers coming in -- over 90% of the customers coming in to Buy Now, Pay Later are already PayPal, customers that's why we think we also have the lowest loss rates. And we know - somebody mentioned flight to quality - that people are coming to PayPal and our Buy Now, Pay Later services. And we are targeting all of the largest merchants. We know when our competitors contracts are up, and we are going after that business because we see a clear shift in market share as well as spend when we have Buy Now, Pay Later in our checkout flows. And obviously, we're now full GA on our mobile checkout with our SDKs and APIs. And we are now beginning to experiment with the first generation of what we call AI-powered checkout, which looks at the full checkout experience, not just the PayPal checkout experience, but the full checkout experience for our merchants. So we have a lot of things underway in our branded checkout. But I will just say this, the team is executing extremely well here. When they say they're going to get something done, they do. They have a road map that they are consistently executing. What they think will happen is happening in the market. And so I've got a lot of confidence that we'll continue to see branded share of checkout be strong. And we saw, by the way, in U.S., U.K. Germany, France, it'll expand most of the EU markets, Australia and improvement in our share position. Of course, there's odd one uniform measure of market share, but any way you look at it when you're a branded share or your growth goes up sequentially by 200 basis points, that's a lot of momentum.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. I'll start off, and then Gabs can attack the last part of your question. First of all, obviously, we had good solid progress against what we said we're going to do, negative 12% in Q1. I think our OpEx for the full year could decline as much as negative 10%, which is a bit higher than we expected. And as I said in my remarks, we're just beginning on this efficiency journey. I think you're going to see our costs continue to come down year-over-year-over-year. And this is not just about efficiencies. By the way, it's not about cost reduction. It's about doing things better. There's no question that AI is going to impact almost every function inside of PayPal, whether it be our front office, back office, marketing, legal, engineering, you name it. AI will have an impact and allow us to not just lower cost, but have higher performance and do things that is not about trade-offs. It's about doing both in there. The other thing that the teams are doing and doing extremely well is they're improving processes. Right now, they're removing friction with a much simpler onboarding process, first transaction resolution. We're seeing better engagement as a result, fewer calls, as I mentioned, higher NPS. You're seeing that in our newest cohorts coming in with significantly higher TPA and ARPA. And so, I think this is going to be a cost journey that we'll be on for a long time to come. And I think at the same time, we'll just be doing things better than we've ever been doing them before as well.
Daniel Schulman: Sure. So first of all, as I mentioned, kind of we've got these three initiatives, they all tie together, and they all lead to driving more share and volume of branded checkout. So as we do more and more on our unbranded, we put out our latest integrations into the market. And when we put out our latest integrations in the market, we take away friction, we take away latency, and we see more engagement, and a lot more checkout go through our latest integrations. But one of the initiatives that we haven't really spent time talking about point is what we're doing on our digital wallets. So those are the three, right, drive engagement and monthly active users and ARPA through our digital wallets, drive our checkout, drive our own brand, and they're all linked together and then keep a tight envelope on our cost structure. Those are the four things that we're focused on. In the wallet, we're making good solid progress, whether that be on our Venmo wallet on the PayPal side of it. Look, the PayPal app is already one of the largest commerce and payments apps in the world. It's used by about 55% of our base right now. That's up about 600 basis points year-over-year. And our app users are predominantly our monthly active users and our power users. They've got 35% more ARPU. They've got 58% greater transactions for active on it. And their churn is at least 25% less than the rest of the base. And the thing that I'm really pleased to see what John Kim and his team are doing is that the velocity of experimentation in our wallets now is like nothing that we've seen in quite some time. We have constant champion challenger, hypotheses going out, replacing challengers that have been overcome by the champion, and that just starts to lead to more and more engagement going through. As I mentioned on the consumer side, we saw consumer transactions per user increase every single month in the quarter. In March, they are 400 basis points better than March a year ago. And the whole idea of the apps right now are three specific areas. One, upfront prepurchase, call that shopping, where it's really about discovery, saving and rewards. We introduced rewards recently. We have over 6 million monthly active users in our rewards right now. Those that are using it have an increase in the 6 million of 45% in their transactions per active. I mean these are huge numbers. We obviously need to go from 6 million to 10 million to 25 million, but that will happen over time. Then we have purchase, which is all about being the most flexible, easy way to purchase. Buy Now, Pay Later really plays into that. And there, we're clearly taking share. We clearly intend to drive that. And then we have post purchase, which is like things like how do I track my packages? How do I get refunds easily? How do I put that right into my wallet? And there, I talked about this in the last earnings call, on package tracking, we're now 100% ramped in iOS. We do all the package scraping now off of Gmail. So in one place, you can see all of your PayPal purchases and non-PayPal purchases. So you can track all of that in one place. And again, for those users that have started to do that, their app engagement is up 32%, and their transactions are up 20%. And so all of these things, James, when you think about what we're doing on just being better in checkout, driving unbranded so that we can drive better integrations going forward and what we're doing in the wallet, they all link together to really drive our MAUs, which are our most valuable customers by far and away, and they went up slightly in Q1. They are 20x, 30x more valuable than just an active user out there and to drive transactions and ARPA. So this is a flywheel. As you have said, it takes time to drive it. But a lot of the things we're seeing right now, the reason we are taking up our expectations for what we think our revenue growth will be, taking up kind of our EPS as well is because we're seeing distinct improvements take place in the market.
Daniel Schulman: All right. Well, I think we're at the top of the hour. So I just want to thank everybody for your great questions. Thank you for your time, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again soon. So thanks, everybody. Take care. Bye-bye.
