John Rainey: Yes. I’d maybe underscore a couple points that Dan mentioned. I think what's notable Tien-Tsin about this year versus last year is, in particular how we are starting off the year. There's always a certain amount of trepidation that exists about the macro economy, but I think the macro economy was maybe a little wobblier last year. And as we certainly enjoyed, I think a better holiday season this period as we look the month of December, even going into January. And so, we're starting off on the right start but also I'd underscore the point he mentioned around execution. We recognize that we have a pretty precious opportunity here at PayPal when you combine the secular tailwinds of our business with the incredible assets that we have when you look at our portfolio of products, and it’s incumbent upon us to execute. And I think the team is executing as well now as they ever have. So, again I think that gives us more confidence than on a relative basis versus last year.
John Rainey: Sure, Bryan. It’s good to speak with you. So, if you look at our TPV whether you will get overall or international, the biggest single driver of the decline is related to the lapping of the iZettle acquisition. In fact, if you just look at international TPV, the entirety of that 4 point decline is attributable to iZettle. But looking at TPV in total, there are some other factors but one is obviously eBay. We saw about 1 point decline related to eBay. And if you sort of decompose that a little bit even look at our transactions, and you look at the various parts of our business, the transactions related to eBay declined 6% for us in the quarter.  And so, this has been something that we’ve talked about. The next year we will begin that period where we will transition away from that but we are still seeing the rest of our business grow quite well. So as we look into 2020, there are a number of things that will bridge that back to the mid-20s. A part of it is just the acceleration we are seeing in the business right now as Dan alluded to in the December, January timeframe. But we've got international expansion going on next year. We have got some work being done with large merchants. You know that we're are ramping up with Paymentus and other parts of our business that we are emphasizing more like recurring payments, subscriptions, bill pay that give us confidence that we will be able to achieve that mid-20s TPV number even in a period where we are transitioning away from the eBay. And I think it's worth mentioning, in doing it, while expanding operating margins in 2019 and given us the latitude to make the investments that we need in 2020 to continue this trend of mid 20s TPV growth into the future. 
John Rainey: Lisa, I'd add to that I think a couple of points. It is a significant investment that we are managing in 2020, and that we will carry into 2021. But it's also a significant opportunity. Just the estimates that I see is, by next year, China will be 40% of worldwide cross-border TPV. And this is a market where we have roughly 1% penetration into their 0.5 billion digital users. And you compare that to our core markets where we're significantly penetrated, if we can turn that 1% into 2%, 3%, 4%, 5%, that's a big opportunity for us. But I think one thing I want to emphasize around this investment is, the things that we're doing in China and the way that we're investing there, it’s a scalable solution for other markets. So, we're approaching it as if there will be other opportunities where we can have a much more prominent presence in those markets versus kind of dabbling in some of these markets like we do today without our full product. And so, we're taking a very long-term perspective and investing appropriately given the significance of the opportunity.
John Rainey: David, I'll start with the last part of your question and let Dan talk a little bit about some of the integration plans. We don't anticipate changing our capital allocation priorities going forward. And as a reminder, that's spending about 40% to 50% of our free cash flow towards returning -- buying back stock, returning cash to shareholders and then $1 billion to $3 billion per year in acquisitions. Again, I'd point you to the cash generation of our business and I think that gives us in some ways a competitive advantage versus the other players in the landscape that we compete with because we have the opportunity to go out and acquire companies and acquire capabilities as well as invest internally, as well as return cash to shareholders. And many times things that we want to go after inorganically allow us to be faster to market or to provide capabilities that we maybe think are better than others. And so, we will continue to be acquisitive. We will continue to return cash to shareholders and we will continue to invest in our shelves.
John Rainey: Sure, Heath. This is John. I'll tackle that. Well it's not a comprehensive list. I would say a couple of things that stand out in terms of our investment priorities for 2020. One would be the consumer value proposition, and a sub-bullet or sub-bullets underneath that are Honey as well as what we're doing with expanding offline point-of-sale offerings. So that's a big investment priority. Also Venmo is a big investment priority and I'd also throw in there international expansion, all of those -- and international expansion includes China.  So all of those things are of significant cost and really are of a significant magnitude that absent that we'd be expanding operating margins again next year. But I'll point you to a number that I think maybe can help direct you to how think about our long-term capability to expand operating margin. So in the quarter, if you looked at our incremental operating margin, so the incremental growth in operating income divided by the incremental revenue was roughly 35%. And I think that's a fantastic number and one that's really been pretty consistent throughout the year, but at a much higher level than what it's been in previous years. And this is the point that I continue to go back to about our ability to grow our platform at a low incremental cost.  And if we can continue to generate the type of revenue growth that we have and do it at a low marginal cost that results in incremental operating margins north of 30%, then I'm confident we're going to create a lot of shareholder value here. And I think that's a good way to think about our business long-term. 
Dan Schulman: Yes. I’ll just add a little bit onto what John said, what probably pleased me the most about Q4 is to see coming out of it the reacceleration of a lot of our core trends. Our core business started to accelerate. Braintree, even though it's gotten larger and larger, I’ll bet its growth rate will be larger than it was this year going forward. We know what deals we have in place and we know we've got, I would say, quite good visibility into what our TPV looks like. So we're very comfortable with that projection on that and we're seeing it in our trend lines.
Dan Schulman: Yes, sure. I'll take that. And then John can do that. I’d say Lisa the first idea that we had working with the PBoC is people now need to have a legal basis to have a payments license inside China to provide both cross-border and domestic payments capability. We worked over the last several years closely with the PBoC and we invested a lot of dollars and resources into our compliance and risk management efforts across the business.  So not only do we have a close relationship with PBoC, but now with regulators around the world. That legal basis allows us to look at cross-border and work very closely with multinational that have established shop in China, one of the few platforms where that international payments traffic go over. We also now have the ability to work inside of China with either folks like CUP, other tech platforms, financial institutions inside China to link their cards into our wallet so Chinese consumers can use our platform to do purchases at our 24 million merchants outside of China.  One of the most exciting things that we have though going on, because it has agreement that we have with UnionPay International and China UnionPay is really a landmark arrangement. I mean inside China, China UnionPay is the network, it's equivalent of deals that we might've struck with Visa, MasterCard, Discover and AmEx all in one. That's significant in terms of a player. Obviously, we have very close relationships with the banks and we believe that we can start linking their payment instruments into our wallet and China UnionPay and PayPal will be looking to expand acceptance of the PayPal wallet with Chinese merchants. And that will enable also travelers coming into China to be able to use PayPal wallet to purchase and as you know Lisa probably better than anybody on this call, if you're going to be buying things inside China, it is with your mobile phone, it is with QR codes, and if you’re visitor coming it’s difficult to start to do those purchases and you will now be able to use your PayPal account to go and do that. Again, this will take some time to develop and to implement but that is our vision.  And I would also say in our conversations with some of the key players inside of China, other capabilities on our platform like full-stack processing. They are interested in utilizing those capabilities and working with merchants as well. So, it's a relatively comprehensive set of opportunities we have. I know some folks believe because obviously the strong positions that Ali and WeChat have inside the company, wondering how much opportunity. This is an exclusive market. We are going to be working hand-in-hand with key Chinese players inside the market. It's a strength in cross-border. And we think the combination of that offers a significant opportunity for us. Again, this will play out over time, but I have to say, we're pretty excited and investing against this opportunity.
Dan Schulman: Yes. Darrin, it’s Dan. Thanks for that question. I think you know from talking to us that engagement is one of the most important drivers for us and we are very focused on it. When I started some almost six years ago now, we were at 17 times a year. We're at 41 right now. But our goal and we realize that this is aspirational, it's for somebody to use PayPal or Venmo every single day. That is our goal is to have daily engagement with that and we have a long ways to go before we get there.  Honey, we think significantly increases our engagement with consumers. It allows us to be more towards the beginning of the shopping journey more towards the intent piece of this. The great thing is that one-third of all commerce transactions start with some sort of trigger based event whether that be a promotion or some kind of deal and Honey enables us to take a full advantage of this trigger based type of capabilities.  And Honey is not just coupons, it's far from it, it's a mobile shopping assistance. It's an offers platform, it provides rewards. It has price tracking tools and alerts that are droplist and wishlist, that kind of thing. And so we think -- and by the way, Honey team had already saved, last year alone, its customers, a $1 billion of opportunity on products and services. And so we think there's a lot of opportunity for engagement and scaling of that Honey app is we integrate it into the PayPal and Venmo apps.  But that's only one part of what we're thinking about in terms of engagement. We talked about Paymentus and a lot of what we -- people think about Paymentus as the full-stack integration that we're doing with them. But we're also going to be implementing bill pay capabilities into our consumer apps.  Bill pay is obviously another form of engagement. John mentioned recurring payments whether it be your Spotify, Hulu, Disney, any of a number of recurring payment streams where we can make it simple and easy for you to pay that if your credit card expires, we'll automatically update it. You don’t have to keep pulling that out. So we're going to do a turnaround that. And one of the big areas of opportunity for us is starting to move into the offline space. 10%, 12% of commerce is done online in mobile, that’s obviously growing rapidly. But you look at the tremendous opportunity around the world and even here in the United States beginning to move into offline through things like whether it be iZettle capabilities on the merchant side, whether it be through all the parts and we are major issuer of cards right now tied into your PayPal account or through QR codes which we are already experimenting with. And if you look inside your PayPal app or your Venmo app, you will see prominently displayed a scan capability or the ability to show your own QR code to be scanned by merchant and we have the wherewithal in all Android phones but not Apple phones yet to be able to use the NFC chip to be able to do tap-to-pay capabilities. And so, that will be another big thing that we will be investing in this year, all around driving engagement.  And the big thing about engagement, as you think about net new actives, when you get to be the scale that we are now with 305 million people on our platform, every time you start to improve that engagement, churns comes down as well and lifetime value starts to go up. And so, this can be a real flywheel for us and we are investing heavily in our engagement activities, and I would expect to see good engagement growth.
Dan Schulman: And David, let me drill in. But before I answer that, operator, I think we have time for one more question after this. So, maybe we will just keep the line open for one more additional question. So, a quick update on Honey. First of all, I said this in my opening remarks, I want to emphasize it, the caliber of that Honey team is extraordinary. They have great product and engineers. They react extraordinarily quickly. When we acquired Xoom, admittedly that was a number of years ago and our tech stack did not have a whole of the service-oriented architecture that we have today but we were able to -- with Xoom, it took us something like six to nine months to integrate log in with PayPal on to the Xoom app. With Honey, day number one, PayPal customers could log-in with their credentials right on to the Honey app. Day number one, they are doing cross-marketing together. We have a full plan over the course of the year by quarter on exactly functionality that we are integrating together.  The big thing for us is to integrate Honey into our mobile apps. We have significant scale on those mobile apps and it’s relatively heavy engineering lift. But we're looking at that in the back half of this year. But there are host of payment capabilities that we will integrate into the Honey app going forward that are our payment capabilities, credit type of capabilities. And so we've got a full integration plan in place. I'm pretty pleased with the execution against that.  As John mentioned, our execution capabilities are humming along pretty well right now, and I do think the combination of Honey and PayPal is a very, very strong one. I think we can enhance the ways we serve both consumers and merchants. Merchants who are looking to us for full solutions right now are looking to our products to basically increase their sales in a world of digital commerce and Honey is a big tool set for that. And we're excited about working with not just 30,000 merchants they have today but pretty dramatically accelerating that. And obviously it drives engagement and savings for consumers. It enables us to move beyond checkout. We can enable personalized time and relevant offers for consumers and become a highly value-added partner to our merchants. So, we're quite excited about it, pleased with the integration so far, a lot to do, but we are very focused on it. One more question, operator.
Dan Schulman: Yes. I’d just add to that. I mean I think about our guidance for 2020, this is the beginning of the eBay transition. We're ending the year closing in on $18 billion and we are talking about FX-neutral revenue growth of 18% to 19%. We're looking at, excluding acquisitions, something like 19% to 21% EPS growth especially absorbing the CECL impact on that. If you look over the last three years, our EPS CAGR has grown at 27%. And so we have really strong conviction in our ability to execute against our medium term guidance. And I think John is right, we want to invest, we want to seize growth opportunities that are ahead of us and do that in a way that's consistent with the medium term guidance that we've put out as well as execute year-over-year.  So I think we're feeling like we're entering into 2020 in a strong position and it gives us more confidence than we had when we entered into last year and a lot of conviction around our medium term guidance.
Dan Schulman: So I want to thank you, Heath, for that question and thank all of you for joining us today. We really appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon. Thanks a lot. 
