John Rainey: Thanks, Tien-tsin, appreciate it. This is John. We'll update that, if it's appropriate, as we get closer to the yearend. Like I suggested in my prepared remarks, we're very early on into this. We're very encouraged by the agreement. We think it's a fantastic opportunity for PayPal. And it's likely to positively affect the way our financial outlook and for the future. But we're not prepared to update that at this time.
John Rainey: And that's not something we'll disclose, but maybe, George, a construct or a framework to kind of think about this, because I understand why you're asking the question. If you consider we have just rough order of magnitude $300 billion of TPV today, and if you were to look at funding shift on that, that would overstate the effect of funding shift, because this agreement for now is U.S.-only, and as we've disclosed in the past, that's roughly half of our TPV. We also see differences in funding mix between P2P versus goods and services, so you've got to strip that out or at least treat that differently. And we disclosed earlier this year that P2P is roughly $40 billion of our annual TPV. And then lastly, you need to also consider that there's a large percentage of our customers today that only have a card in the wallet. So, choice for them, there'd be no other increase in cost by moving -- by adding additional card or doing a different card. So from the cost side, that's the right framework to think about this.
John Rainey: Yeah. Even the early stages of testing some of these experiences with customers, we see really encouraging signs just in things like customer activation where you remove some of the friction from that process. And as Dan alluded to earlier, One Touch has been a great testbed for us as we've seen pretty dramatic increases in engagement after someone activates there.
John Rainey: Sure. So as Dan talked about on the call last quarter, since we've become an independent company, we've really tried to establish ourselves as at least aspiring to be best in class when it comes to compliance. We think that that's really important for us. That's part of being a customer champion. And so we've taken steps across every aspect of our business to improve our compliance. And so, specifically, we changed some of the ways that both we contacted customers as well as the repayment options for credit. That had some effect that on the late-stage delinquencies. There are other methods that we can do to mitigate that impact and we're going ourselves with those options for the back half of the year.
John Rainey: Yeah. If I can just add maybe a little bit more color to that, our total delinquencies were actually down year over year. When we look at the percentage of our portfolio that's rated prime or above, that grew by a point, a better credit quality year over year. The 90-day delinquency is down year over year. And our portfolio of FICO store is relatively flat with where it's been. So it's -- look, we're very keen on all the concern around this, with other players in the ecosystem, and we're aware of that. So it's something that we're hyper-focused on.
John Rainey: Yeah. So, yeah, that's not entirely correct, but just talking directionally, we have -- I would describe this as very analogous still to like an investment that one would make, an acquisition for example, where there's perhaps an upfront cost but there's a revenue stream that more than offsets that to where it's very accretive to the business. With respect to the increase in transaction expense, we'll give more specific guidance as we get towards the end of the year about 2017. But when you look at both the revenue benefit as well as the good demonstrated cost control that you've seen for several quarters now, just look at the over 180 basis points of leverage this quarter, the fact that our operating expenses, if you normalize for the Xoom acquisition, only went up 7% in the quarter, we continue to demonstrate that we have a laser focused on discipline here, while still not starving the business for investment as well. We're making sure that we're continuing to invest organically. So all that in combination gives us a level of comfort with this, that it's absolutely the right thing to do for the business. But specific to 2017, we'll give you a heads-up on that towards yearend.
Dan Schulman: Hey, Heath, it's Dan. Thanks for your question. So we're very excited about the partnership with Visa. I think it's very important to understand that, I think as Charlie said on the Visa call, partnerships like the one we announced today work best when there's alignment for everyone. And we believe that we've designed an agreement that works for PayPal, Visa and the issuers. We've been in discussions with issuers, Visa has been in discussion with its issuers, and they're excited about the benefit from the volumes that we can bring to them and that we can bring to point of sale. And as Charlie pointed out, this agreement removes many of the concerns, if not all of the concerns, that issuers and others in the ecosystem have about working with PayPal. You know, choice is something that everybody has been talking about. What issuers want, what we want, is the ability for a consumer to make a choice, to have options as to what payment tender type they want to pay with. What that basically means is that, you know, a consumer could pay with their credit, with ACAs, with debit, with cash, with P2P, with PayPal credit, any of those, but it's the option of the consumer to make that choice. And then when you add on top of that optionality, the fact that we are very willing and happy to share the same sorts of data that somebody would get with a typical credit card swipe back to the network, back to the issuers and to customers, that's exactly what issuers have been asking for. We actually think that this deal that we have with Visa offers a couple of benefits. Obviously it offers access to tokens at rates that are comparable to other contactless methods out there, and so we can compete with anybody now at a point of sale, there's no competitive disadvantage to anybody else out there. And we can go offline profitably. Second, we get fee certainty, as we talked about, no targeted actions against PayPal, limits our new fees, even industry-based fees and volume-based discounts. So we have certainty around our cost structure. And very importantly, I think this opens us up to new partnerships: new partnerships with issuers, networks and others. Choice and data turn us into their friends. And when I think about the partnerships that we have, we're an ideal distribution mechanism to drive more online and mobile spend to issuers. They're an idea partner to drive incremental net adds in customers into the PayPal platform. That's a win-win for both of us. And this is going to open up a new chapter for PayPal to partner with and for all of us to work together to advance digital payments going forward. And as I mentioned in my remarks and John mentioned, a choice also is going to help us drive incremental new net adds. We're already seeing that in some of the changes we've made to our onboarding. When you look at One Touch and you see what our customers do when they're able to default a payment mechanism, their engagement goes up, the conversion rates go up. And obviously, when a customer gets to choose what instrument they want, we're going to see less calls come into customer care for us, we're going to see customer satisfaction go up. And typically when that happens, customer churn goes down. So we think this is a very strong agreement that benefits Visa, its issuers, and us, allows us to work within the ecosystem. And the issuers don't need to sign any unique agreements with us. It's simply an opt in to participate with us. It's no additional work from them. And our movement to choice, data sharing, plus our commitment to quality, I think puts us on a par with others that are using Visa tokens in the ecosystem.
Dan Schulman: For the point of sale, we would do kind of pass-through on the token level, so that there'd be transparency on that. We've always said that we are perfectly willing to use the industry tokens and do that on a pass-through basis. And this agreement allows us to do that. It allows us, one, to approach merchants with rates that are comparable to any digital wallets that are out there, so this whole card not present/card present rate structure that people have talked about, this takes away that concern as well. So it's an agreement that our two teams spent a lot of time working with, a lot of time making sure that the issuer population was also comfortable with it. And we think it is a, really, a tremendous win for all the parties on that.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. So we're making very good progress in terms of our ability to work through the large demand that we have for Braintree. In effect, we try to make it as easy as possible on a merchant. We have ADI sets [ph] that makes it easy to integrate. It really depends on the extent of the integration that we're doing in any of the customization [ph] that we have to do. But I'd say we're making really good progress on keeping up with the demand. Right now the demand is strong, as John mentioned. That's why we're -- part of the reason why we're taking up our revenue forecast. But I'm really pleased with our ability now to onboard these customers and bring them live, to say [ph].
Dan Schulman: I'd also add to it, George, that, remember, this is about optionality. So, all tender types will be presented to the customer, present to choose the tender type that makes the most sense for them for that particular purchase. And we've seen that that is a beneficial thing when we offer customers that ability.
Dan Schulman: And I'd also just say, John mentioned, we're seeing some improvements in the underlying credit quality of our base, delinquency write-offs on that. So it's just that one particular bucket that we saw an increase, and so we're taking actions to address that. But in terms of the overall portfolio, we're very comfortable with what we're seeing on that.
Dan Schulman: So in terms of our guidance for 2016, incorporates any impact that there might be from customer choice. But you're right that this takes some time for this to be implemented and to move forward. So our guidance incorporates any impact that there might be from customer choice. And as John mentioned, we will wait until we get closer to 2017 to give 2017 guidance. First of all, obviously we'll take a look at consumer behavior as a result of this. There are a number of discussions going on in the ecosystem and we want to look at the totality of the landscape before we really talk about what 2017 could look like. And finally, we're halfway through the year, we got a full another six months to execute against and let's see how our momentum takes us before we provide 2017 guidance. And on the merchant side, merchants have been working with us quite closely as we're creating a platform for them to take advantage of digital commerce. And that basically means letting a merchant write their own application. And we power that application through a platform that enables them to extend our value proposition to their customers online, on the mobile, and instore. And part of that instore environment, when it comes to the takeout wallet, we did not have tokenization schema, we've used different swarms of that. And so from a merchant perspective, the rates now that we can offer on an instore point of sale transaction are significantly more competitive for them. So it just strengthens our position in terms of working with merchants. No change in our strategy, but certainly strengthens it and opens up a wide opportunity for us. As we talk about the blurring of online and offline coming together, this really opens up our ability to move into any context, whether it be online, in app or instore with our digital wallet.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, great question. Paydiant impact. Paydiant is part of our fundamental underlying platform. So when you think about the piece parts that we've started to put together, we had PayPal that was obviously very strong and online market. Braintree extremely strong in the mobile and in app marketplace. And Paydiant, very strong in the instore environment. And so all of those are now coming together and being integrated, so that we can offer merchants the ability to look across any of those contexts and use our platform to power and enable their move to digital commerce. Then what we've done obviously is, because our base is so large, we take our branded PayPal wallet, which now available to go into more context, as I've just mentioned, and write up those applications, because we have so many subscribers that we can bring to those merchants. And so you've got a platform play that's really unbranded, that supports a merchant's move into digital commerce, and then a branded wallet. And this helps us with our branded wallet to move into that offline space.
Dan Schulman: Yup. So we have a high degree of confidence in that we haven't worked this agreement in a vacuum, nor has Visa worked it in a vacuum. We've obviously been working with the issuer community. We've obviously been very close communications with them. We've been in close communications actually throughout the whole payment ecosystem with quite a number of players. And this move towards choice, our ability to open up our data, is something that issuers have been asking us for for quite some time. I think they are, based on our conversations, conversations that Visa has had with its own issuers, and we've been a part of some of those, there's a lot of excitement about the ability to partner and work together. We think we could be a very strong distribution channel for them. You've talked about that in some of your write-ups, and that's exactly the vision that we are moving towards, and we have a good degree of confidence around that.
Dan Schulman: Okay. Thank you everybody for joining us today. We really appreciate your time, and, operator, that will conclude our Q&A session. Thank you.
