John Rainey: Yes. So I'll just add one small comment, Tien-Tsin. I think for everyone, the sustainability of these elevated levels of e-commerce and digital payment trends is the big question. And I think one of the things that gives us a little more conviction is we're 3 months further along than we were on the last call. As you've seen, the elevated levels of these trends and particularly in regions that have relaxed some of their shelter-in-place or social distancing measures, and even when consumers are going back to somewhat normal activities like eating out at restaurants or shopping in grocery stores, the level of e-commerce penetration is still much, much higher than what we saw pre-COVID-19. And so I think that's one of the things that we've watched closely that I think is a fairly good indication of the trends going for the rest of the year.
John Rainey: Lisa, I would just add one other thing as we think about what this offering provides for our consumers but also the economic benefits of PayPal, it's not just in the direct unit economics that come through a point-of-sale transaction. Very importantly to us is what this will do to the overall level of engagement for consumers. So if you're using us in an off-line setting, you're much more likely to use us when you have the opportunity online. So there's a halo benefit that comes along with this usage that is very important to us as well.
John Rainey: Darrin, if I can just add quickly, you referenced our margin profile in your question. And I think that's pretty important to this discussion because what we're demonstrating right now is the real scalability of our operating model. And Darrin, like I frequently focus on the incremental margins in our business. How much profit did we bring in for every incremental dollar of revenue? And in the quarter, those incremental margins were the highest they've been for us ever at 50%. But actually, I think that a better way of looking at that is more apples to apples. And that's if you exclude the losses related to the credit reserve and you exclude acquisitions, that incremental margin was actually 70%, 7-0. And what that does is result in free cash flow like you saw us generate in the quarter at over $2 billion. And so as it gets to how we spend that, we've always been balanced between M&A, organic investment and returning cash to shareholders and we've also been opportunistic. And to the point that Dan was making, this is a time that we think it's very important to invest in a lot of these initiatives because, as I said on the last call, while these trends are seemingly changing right in front of us, we don't want to just want to be on the receiving end of that. We want to help shape the outcome here. And so we want to invest into that.
John Rainey: Sure, Bob. It's good to speak with you. We don't provide an update on Venmo's revenue each quarter, and we don't have one this quarter. But I want to say that I think across the board, this was one of Venmo's best quarters ever. We saw growth on their platform reaccelerate from the dip in Q1 to where it's over 50% growth in volume. And I think what's notable about that is we all recognize that much of the Venmo usage historically has been around social experiences. And as those have, by and large, gone away for the most part, we're seeing new use cases developed with Venmo, which really demonstrates its relevance and importance to our customer base. I think, as good as anything.  And so with respect to the monetization strategy, it's not just 1 strategy. It's a multifaceted approach that includes things like direct deposit to increase usage, include things like business profiles, include things like QR code. And then, of course, we're eventually launching the Venmo credit card later this year. And we'll continue our efforts as well around the pay with Venmo in an e-commerce setting.
John Rainey: Sure, James. This is John. I'll take that. There's still some uncertainty out there. I think macroeconomic uncertainty as well as how the overall path of the virus plays out. And so it's still a difficult environment to forecast in. We feel comfortable enough about the things that we're seeing in our business right now, though, to provide second half guidance. But I think the broader question is like, what does this do to our medium-term guidance? And I think it's very difficult to argue that there are not structural benefits to what's happening to our business. I mean there are definite secular tailwinds that I think are going to help us really rethink what that growth trajectory is over the longer term.  We're obviously not prepared to provide that today. We're just updating that or reinstating our guidance for the year. But there are definitely compounding benefits that are coming to our platform. And some of the things that we've all talked about as being trends that would eventually take place like using contactless payments in store, they're happening right now. We've talked about the death of cash for years. Maybe this is that inflection point, that seminal moment. And so we believe that PayPal, given our position, is a structural winner in that scenario. And certainly, I think it's -- it gives cause to rethink that medium-term guidance, but it's definitely premature to do that at this point in time.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. Thanks for that, Darrin. I'll start off and John can come in. Look, first of all, just in general, we invest where we see opportunity. That's been what we've done over the years. I think it's why we've had the results that we have. We could always have higher margins without investing in the business. But that's not what I think all of you and our shareholders want from us. There is huge opportunity in front of us. I think probably more opportunity than we've ever seen before. And we have the opportunity to invest in new areas of the business that we think can be meaningful contributors to our growth as we look forward, but even more importantly, meaningful to our customers, merchants and consumers in terms of the capabilities that they are asking for us.  And so as John said, plus or minus, just in the back half of the year, we're investing an incremental $300 million or so. And the places we're investing in is in-store. I just talked about that and why that's so important. But also, we want to invest in our digital wallet capabilities. We have an aspiration to be in every day use case and to be a central part of a customer's life in the digital economy. And so in the next several quarters, we plan to roll out quite a number of additional capabilities, not just in-store from QR, to tap-to-pay cards, but rewards capabilities. By the way, rewards are being used much more because people aren't being able to use their rewards for travel. We're seeing an uptick in people using their rewards points to check out using PayPal.  Well, obviously, our -- pretty much now almost 100% complete with our Paymentus integration. The next step is bill pay into our apps, and that we intend to have probably towards the end of this year. We're going to integrate Honey shopping tools around wish lists, coupons, rewards into our PayPal apps, eventually into our Venmo apps as well, subscription management and other capabilities, other financial services that I won't really go into any detail around today. But I think you can think about change in the amount of capabilities that we offer through our digital wallets across PayPal and Venmo.  And then finally, there are a couple of international markets where we think investment makes a ton of sense, whether that be China, which we're obviously investing in through GoPay; we're seeing explosive growth in Mexico, Japan, Brazil, really, frankly, across Western Europe, it's been amazing to see what's happened there. So we will invest continually in this business. And we invest what we think is the right amount to drive results. And if we need to invest more, we will invest more. And if we don't have things to invest in, we'll return that back to shareholders. But we've given guidance that we believe enables us to do the proper amount of investment to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us because this is a moment in time for us.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. I just had one quick addition to that, Bob. I would not underestimate how zealous the customers of Venmo are about living their financial life on the platform. I think each of these capabilities, whether it be direct deposit, whether it be business profiles, the credit card and a number of other things that we'll be adding, you are being rapidly adopted. The new use cases, as John said, are so interesting to see as millennials, instead of going to the restaurant, are now eating at home or outside or at the table, instead of going into a gym or doing fitness classes through streaming, instead of going to concerts or other entertainment, are now doing things online. And we're seeing all of that reflected in the usage of Venmo. And so I think, as John said, this was obviously its best quarter. But I think Venmo is -- we're continuing to invest in Venmo because it's got a really bright future and is really a crown jewel of ours.
Daniel Schulman: Yes. Well, I think, in this economic environment, frankly, and even before this because you had so many people struggling to make ends meet at the end of the month, and that's just and made even worse by the economic ramifications from the pandemic, but Honey's capabilities are a perfect fit for consumers and merchants at this time. And increasingly, I see the possibility to establish Honey as one of the most efficient market-making platforms for both shoppers and merchants. I mean consumers get the best price on the merchandise that they want, and then they receive rewards based on that, which incents them to do additional activities, build out their demand curves. And then merchants can customize offers right into that demand curve. So they know exactly what to do to get x amount of demand off of that. And it's really interesting when you think about -- we've always known the identity of people, and we've always known that they've made purchases. What we haven't seen is intent upfront, and you really have this perfect set of data that helps both sides of our two-sided network when you put all of that together.  And it wasn't just at Honey's NNA grew 3x. By the way, their revenues were up basically triple digits or so, almost double as well. And I'd just say a couple of quick things on that. One, the integration is fully on track. There's been no delays in any of our initiatives. We will start to export through APIs, the Honey tool sets into our PayPal wallets and within QR codes. And this, to your point about part of the PayPal ecosystem, we hope to have a seamless one-click PayPal checkout experience when shopping at Honey merchants.  I'd just say, all in, I'm really pleased with the integration so far. It's right on track, and I think we've got a real powerful set of capabilities ahead of us.
Daniel Schulman: If I can just add into John's comments. I think it's clear that we've tipped into a digital-first economy. Look at the number of merchants that are coming on to our platform, 1.7 million in just 1 quarter. We have conversations with merchants around the world, large and small. All of them, all of them trying to figure out how do they implement their digital strategies in an accelerated fashion.  If you look at market research that just came out from, for instance, the business roundtable that -- where 70% of consumers say they're going to shop online more frequently and expect to continue to do so because it's easy and convenient. And so I look at all the different industries. We are clearly becoming a digital-everything world. And that acceleration has happened, and it's going to continue to happen going forward. And there's sort of one market research study after another. And as John said earlier, when we look across the world, we look at countries that have opened, now 80% of retail is open, before there is maybe only 30% of retail open, we're still at very, very high levels and still high levels of daily active users compared to last year.  So my view on our medium term is there way more opportunities than there are challenges around that. We need to see another quarter or 2, but it's likely that, that goes up. I mean that's probable, and we are investing into our growth as well. And when we invest, we expect a return on that investment. And so I would say we feel good enough right now that we've reinstated 2020. We feel great about the opportunities. We're investing in them. And give us another quarter or 2, and we'll provide updated guidance on medium term as well. Okay. Well, listen, I just want to thank everybody for your time today. I just want to say again that I hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. And we sure look forward to being able to see all of you in person again. And so thank you for your time. Take care. Have a good rest of the evening. Bye-bye.
