John Rainey: Sure, Tien-tsin. This is John. Our priorities have not changed. We still prioritize capital allocations first as investing for growth and that can be either organically or through M&A activity, but we also believe in returning cash to shareholders. This so happens that in the first quarter we had clarity on a couple of important issues. One is tax reform. The other is the transaction that we announced with Synchrony and that allowed us to do more than what we have done in the past. But very importantly, a strong balance sheet for us is a strong competitive advantage. It's an asset that a lot of our peers don't have and we believe as a management team improving that cash to use to create shareholder value and you'll continue to see us allocate capital in that manner whether it's returning cash to shareholders and going out and looking at the M&A landscape. I would not read anything into the amount of the share buyback as to suggest if there are not opportunities for us to go acquire companies. As you can appreciate those take time to complete a deal if not as if you can just start something and close the transaction in the quarter and so we will be measured and do what's right for PayPal and allocate capital in a manner that create shareholder value.
John Rainey: With any one period there is going to be seasonality or things in the business move around. I would really point you to the full year results. We do make discretionary investments from one period to the next, but if you look at the implied guidance for our full year it still shows us expanding margins at a nice rate. I think it's reflective of the overall progress in the business. This is, as I noticed in my prepared remarks, we had a record operating margin in the quarter. We've had four consecutive quarters of accelerating revenue growth. For the last three quarters, we've averaged 30% EPS growth and 25% growth in transactions. So I'm really pleased with how the business is doing.
John Rainey: Yeah. And with respect to the increase in both our revenue and our earnings guidance, guide is not directly attributable to Venmo. It's simply too early on at this point to get out of ourselves. And as - and Bill and Dan and I have talked about many times. We believe that what's important here is the long game. This is a tremendous opportunity to connect with this demographic and monetize it, but we don't want to be so impatient about that that we totally experience long term and so we have the luxury of being able to invest in this and get the experience right given our overall financial performance. The increase in guidance for earnings and revenue was really a reflection of the overall strength in the core business.
John Rainey: Sure. I appreciate the question. We don't other than what we have already noted and just as a reminder we made some changes when we separate from eBay to have our own compensation program, not eBay's compensation program. The effects of those changes were mostly realized in last year with the exception of the change in the vesting cycle related to that. So that is - you do see that a little bit in our results. But if you take - if you just look at the guidance range we provided for share based compensation this year, I think it's assuming around 18% growth. By the same token if you look at our GAAP operating income growth and I'm adjusting for held for sale, because that just creates noise. That's closer to 26% growth for the year. So some of the bigger impacts we were seeing last year and directly to answer your question, we are not anticipating further changes going forward.
John Rainey: Sure. Heath, this is John. So you are framing the question I think in the appropriate way and that we are seeing - there is a lot of puts and takes to funding mix, but very importantly where there is inflation in the wallet that's being offset by more P2P usage. That said, if we were to look at this even stripping out P2P just looking at the rest of PayPal, there is not big swings. We are talking about a basis point or two here or there. So even adjusting for the growth in P2P, we are still pretty comfortable with this level of transaction expense from a BPD basis and you will probably remember I noted I believe it was the second quarter last year that we had a high point about 100 basis points and I said that I expected it to come down to this range and really giving everything that we have going on in the business, we will expect it to kind of stay in this range for certainly the next year to two sort of the - for us we have good line of sighting too and not change principally.
Bill Ready: Yeah, this is Bill. Hi, Tien-tsin. So we don't disclose the details of any one of those partnerships specifically. However, what we are seeing is tremendous receptivity from our banking partners to really drive their customers into PayPal because of the great source of digital transaction growth which was the primary place where issuers are growing right now and we are seeing really good response from the programs that are out there and they've been a tremendous support for us as well as for our issuing partners and so we are not committing any kind of unnatural acts to get those things to happen. In fact, our banking partners have found it very much to be in their interest to promote their customers to use PayPal. So we see that as something that is certainly indicative of the partnership, but also something we are not committing unnatural acts to make those things happen.
Bill Ready: Yeah and I would just add to that to your question on what it means for us on economics. We've had some products in market for a while that give us exposure to how these products are, one, used by customers and, two, what those mean to us financially both prepaid cards we've had in market for a while, merchant debit cards, things like that. And so there is no material difference in the way we would look to go monetize those customers and we've also had things for the unreserved such as being a little walk-in to a retail location like [indiscernible] for example and the cash onto PayPal accounts for somebody in the unreserved or unbanked community to participate in the digital economy. We've had exposure to those things and we don't see this as being any material difference in the way we would monetize on those customers versus how we monetize across the rest of our business.
Bill Ready: Sure. On the specific new news there, it was really about sort of interoperability between the paying buttons offered by the networks. And we have for quite a while now talked about how we want to go help power the complete move to digital buy button experiences and not only do we have PayPal and Venmo as those widely used for digital payment forms in the world, we also are one of the largest providers to other digital wallet form of the payment whether that's Visa Checkout or MasterPass or Apple Pay and Google Pay. So we work with those others. Even as we work with those others, we are seeing that our own buy buttons continue to accelerate and so we really want to power the entire movement towards seamless digital wallet buying experiences and happy to partner those to do that. And this new news around interoperability is sort of a new technical specification. But interoperability between Visa Checkout and MasterPass and some of these existed previously that you can put a MasterCard into Visa Checkout or Visa card into MasterPass. So there is a new technical certification there. But interoperability between those checkout forms is not meaningfully different than how we have seen those previously and we are excited to continue working with our network partners to help them with those efforts, as well as the many ways we're partnering on how we each advance digital payments.
Bill Ready: Sure. This is Bill. So as was mentioned, we saw continued strong growth in Venmo up 80% on the quarter to $12.3 billion in volume and our biggest new year's quarter ever for Venmo. In addition to that, as you were calling out, we are quite pleased with our monetization efforts there and those really are along multiple fronts. One in adding new merchants that accept Venmo, we saw some great brands come into the pool with Grubhub, Seamless, Eat24, Williams-Sonoma, [indiscernible] and many others in addition to the 2 million plus retailers that we had already brought in through linking Venmo into its broader PayPal network. So we are really feeling great about what we are seeing in terms of merchants' receptivity and desire to connect to the demographics that love them so much, as well as the other aspect is our monetizing through things like instant cash out where we earn $0.25 fee for giving instant access to funds out to a participating Visa or MasterCard debit card. So those things are tracking better than our expectations. We're quite pleased overall. I defer to John in terms of the guidance question, but very much tracking, better than our prior expectations.
Dan Schulman: Yeah, I think, look, probably the number one thing there is really a tipping point that we've reached from kind of a network effect perspective and we now have 237 million people on the platform. And as John mentioned, some 900,000 merchants this quarter signed up. We've been seeing that run rate as you have been hearing us talk about the number of merchants and so there is a great flywheel effect that happens. The other thing that I would point out is that more and more consumers are using mobile as their primary device to shop. And the real big issue for merchants with mobile is that mobile conversion with a mobile phone is typically low. These people have to add in a ton of information on that small phone factor, but with our One Touch and our conversion rate now at 89% from mobile checkout and then One Touch is two times, maybe two times plus, the industry average and that obviously is a great thing for consumers, but an essential thing for merchants. And I think that combination of those things, plus we are obviously adding more and more capabilities for small and midsize merchants, working capital being one that I talked about that, but we have a whole host of services that we are expanding through our platform as being just - as opposed to being just a payment button that is attracting not just consumers but an acceleration of merchants as well.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. Let me first [indiscernible] on this. Our relationships with the networks could not be stronger. We - just every single quarter we find more and more places where we can work together, combine their services and capabilities with our platform and offer incremental value to both merchants and consumers and very importantly throughout their issuing partners and financial institutions. And you are seeing that through all of the partnerships that is just reflecting as I was writing my script on just this one quarter you've seen all of those banking partners working as Bill said very closely with us observing the firsthand the benefits that come from working hand in hand together for our mutual customers and so it's been a great partnership, a strong partnership and a growing partnership. In terms of the button specifically, I think Bill can talk a little bit about that and then I have a couple of comments on them.
Dan Schulman: Yeah. And I would just add to it. I mean we've talked a lot about this, but I think the best metaphor for Venmo is PayPal. I think PayPal has started off as a P2P service, then expanded in the eBay merchants and then into merchants around the world. I think what we are seeing is adoption by merchants and by consumers that's ahead of what we were expecting. But as John said, we think there is a lot of room here on Venmo and we would be cautious with our expectations around that so far. I have to say we are all pretty pleased with what we are seeing.
Dan Schulman: Thank you, Heath for that question. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We really appreciate your time. We know there's a lot going on today and look forward to speaking to all of you soon. Thank you.
