Bill Ready: I would just add to that that eBay has responded to those comments saying that sellers have issues with the drop in sale, they can revert back to PayPal in the near-term and in the long-term they are working hard to make PayPal available as a payment option, and we're working hand-in-hand with eBay to try and make sure that's available to those customers given the strong demand from customers as Dan was describing.
Bill Ready: Sure. The $1 billion in instant transfer volume was for the month of September, and that's been growing nicely, we don't see anything to disturb that trend. And instant transfer is one of the monetization initiatives that we see scaling well, as Dan mentioned in his remarks, pay with Venmo is growing very nicely. Uber, Uber Eats, Grubhub, Eat24, Seamless have all integrated pay with Venmo, that's been growing quite remarkably. I mentioned 185% month-over-month growth on pay with Venmo, and the card is seeing 320% month-over-month growth, those are early but those are the kinds of rapid growth results that we're seeing with other initiatives on Venmo, and so across all three of our major monetization initiatives instant transfer, pay with Venmo and other apps like Uber and Grubhub, and the card, we see all of those starting to really scale in a meaningful way.
Bill Ready: I would just add to that that in addition to Dan's points there around how simple we're making it for merchants to add a dedicated pay with the most recent things like smart payment buttons, the integrations we've done like with Uber for example, we're seeing tremendous growth that we're quite pleased with but they're quite pleased with it as well, they're seeing this really driving engagement on the platform and the usage of Venmo is outpacing their own expectations which are certainly quite high given how rapidly they grow. And so as we continue to make merchants happy with the engagement we're driving to them; as Dan said, we're seeing a lot of merchants really line-up for that but we're providing multiple ways for users to get great new experiences and to make money by providing them great new experience whether those pay with Venmo, the card or things like instant cash out; so all of those together are really bringing great value to the user and great growth of the monetization for us.
Bill Ready: Wells Fargo, Chase, I mean there is a number of major merchant acquirers that we work with, we bring in tremendous amounts of volume. And it's another example as Dan was describing of how we're able to partner with others in the ecosystem as we've made our platform more open and have really gotten focused on how we can provide value to customers in partnership with others, and acquirers are certainly one of those constituents that we were closer with.
Bill Ready: And I would just add to that, we started seeing increased consumer adoption going back a couple of years when we started getting these reductions; is that sustainable. And for the last two years you've seen us continue to drive significant improvements in net new actives, and part of that is that there has not been anyone silver bullet to -- what's bringing those new users to the platform, it's a combination of great checkout experience with things like PayPal One Touch, P2P, Choice; all these things together are bringing more and more users onto the platform, deepening engagement with them through being a great digital engagement channel with card issuers and others, it's the composite effect of all these things together. And so as Dan said, there is nothing that we see slowing that down, it's something that we think is a new normal for us in terms of the way that we're driving increased engagement and increased new users to the platform.
Dan Schulman: And you also saw the number of Venmo customers who have now been in a monetizable act go to 24% up from 17% just one quarter ago. So as I mentioned in my remarks, it's still or late [ph] obviously but it looks like we've achieved some kind of tipping point right now, and I think both Bill and I are extremely pleased with the results of Venmo. One other thing that I would just point out is, as I mentioned, it seems repetitive but we don't take it for granted; for three quarters in a row right now we've each quarter seen record net new active signing up to Venmo. So not only are you seeing Venmo expand quite rapidly but the percent of people using the monetizable event is going up quite rapidly as well. So you combine all of those things together, you can see why we're quite pleased with the momentum as of now.
Dan Schulman: Just one or two things on top of that. You saw this quarter us adding for the first time ever over 9 million net new active accounts. And interesting at the same time, engagement growing by 9.5%; for those of you who look carefully at our engagement numbers which I know many of you do, that's the highest percentage game we've had in probably two years or so. And three years ago, we guided like 3 million to 5 million net new actives per quarter, we took that up last year to 6 million to 8 million, we're clearly at the very high-end of that; and we see that continuing as we look forward as well. And when you have your net new actives growing by 30 million to 35 million a year and your engagement growing by 8% to 10%; that bodes well as we look forward. And I would say some of the new products and services that Bill and the team are introducing or have introduced into the market, some of the new partnerships that are just coming underway right now; we feel pretty good about our position in the digital payments ecosystem right now.
Dan Schulman: So first on the net new actives, nothing unusual in the quarter. As John mentioned in his remarks, nothing from the iZettle acquisition that came in there, that was 9.1 million accounts that came in naturally. We also have over 20 million merchants now on the platform too and that's growing quite nicely. So, we projected being about 30 million, we thought this year it will clearly be over that, and we see no reason for these types of numbers to be our new run rate going forward.
Dan Schulman: So I would say just in general, we've announced quite a number of partnerships over the past couple of years. These partnerships take multiple quarters before they start to come up to speed, some of them a year plus; and so I would say we are still quite early in the impact that we are seeing from all of those partnerships. And so just from a qualitative perspective, we're beginning to see some nice momentum but I would say it's very, very early days. One example of that would be rewards points, we've got maybe four or so issuers now, major issuers who are going to be putting their reward points onto the PayPal platform. We're going to be a platform that aggregates all of those that users of our mutual customers can take those reward points, turn them into fiat currency, use the rewards points and a combination of any other financial instrument they have on board to make purchases at basically 20 million merchants across the world; it's the first time that we're giving that kind of utility, and the American Express announcement -- they are one of the -- if not the leader in rewards points and having their rewards points come onto the platform and their customers being able to use them at PayPal merchants, and the only place where they can use them at all of those different merchants, right. Amex is only integrated into a couple of merchants right now to be able to use reward points. Those are all things that are coming in the future. And I would say Walmart has a tremendous amount of potential for us, it's the largest retailer, one of the largest marketplaces, and with a lot of aspirations, and we have quite good relationship with them and a growing relationship with them. And as you see, almost every quarter we announce new partnerships and some of them can be quite large, and -- my anticipation as we look out over the next several quarters that you'll see more of those come onto play as well. This is an ongoing -- part of our strategy is to be a great partner and to be the underlying platform and the largest digital distribution channel for a lot of our partners. So we're seeing a good deal of success right now but still I would say very early innings for us in terms of the -- of what they could be and will become for us. Operator, thank you. Everybody thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you over the hours and months ahead. So thank you very much everyone for joining.
John Rainey: Starting with pricing; pricing is something that -- as we've said before George, it's not a one-time thing for us where I've described it in the past as a sugar-high [ph] where you're trying to monetize something for the next quarter. We take a very long-term perspective to that and there are opportunities every year to look at pricing, and pricing sometimes can mean going out and taking advantage of where you provide significant value in the market and pricing higher. In other cases given the enormous addressable market that we have, it can be about capturing market share and be more aggressive on pricing; so that goes both ways. And certainly we have assumptions built into our plans about optimizing pricing in various areas going into 2019. One example of that is the recent announcement that we made about increasing our pricing to be more inline with where the market is on instant transfer, and so that's just one example that we're -- that we have there related to pricing. On Venmo, as we've said, this is -- it's hard not to be excited about some of the growth numbers that we're talking about today and the fact that each of the last three quarters we've seen a record number of net new customers come to the platform; but this is a long game and we're not going to -- we're going to be measured in terms of our approach to this, make sure that we optimize for the experience and profitability will certainly come, we've got a good history here in terms of what happened with PayPal as that moved from P2P to being able to monetize that in ways where one can shop at a merchant. And so that is a transition that will take place in a couple years not a couple of quarters, and so we expect to see improvement in our Venmo economics next year and each year, thereafter.
John Rainey: Sure, I'll start and Dan and Bill can jump in as well. 2019, there is a lot of things in store as we sort of enter this next chapter post our previous relationship with eBay. And so excited about the partnership opportunities that are out there, we're excited about integrating some of the acquisitions that we've had and potential ones in the future and what that can mean to make our platform even better than it is today. As we look at parts of the P&L and the effect on sort of achieving that guidance into next year, we certainly expect to continue to realize operating leverage in our business. Tien-tsin, I didn't talk about this in my prepared remarks but you know, we often talk about the marginal economics of our business. In this most recent quarter, for every dollar -- incremental dollar of revenue that we brought in our non-volume related cost only went up $0.10; that is a model for scaling a platform. And as we've said before, we think that we can continue to do that. With respect to cross-border, that's an area that -- if you look at it in terms of the percentage of total volume for PayPal, it's down slightly from where it was in the previous quarter, that's in part because of mix in our business as we see things like Venmo growing more, Braintree growing more. But I think that the takeaway from this is that, if you were to go back three or four years ago when we were more of just a button on a marketplace, we were very dependent or I should our profitability was very concentrated in certain areas, and what you're seeing us evolve into as a platform is we have a much more diversified portfolio, both regionally, as well as product-wise, we're monetizing a lot of other aspects of our business that we haven't before. And so despite the fact that cross-border which is a lucrative part of our business, is a smaller overall piece of our portfolio; and eBay you can say the same thing about, you're seeing us expand our operating margin and continuing to grow earnings at a mid-20% growth rate. So we're very excited about that and it gives us confidence going into 2019.
John Rainey: And Darrin on other value-added services; there is three things probably that are influencing that and rough order of significance -- first, would be we're seeing great growth in our merchant working capital business. Recall, we've got the acquisition of Swift and we're just really pleased with how that's performing, really good growth there. Second thing that I would call out is while we sold the U.S. consumer credit portfolio we still have an international consumer credit portfolio, and that is performing very well in the entities where we've launched that. And then lastly, I would say that the profit sharing arrangement we have with Synchrony -- we still receive economic benefit depending upon the performance of that U.S. consumer credit portfolio. And we're very pleased with that, and I would venture to say Synchrony is very pleased with how it's performing as well.
