Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Thank you, Julianne. Good afternoon. And thank you for joining us. Welcome to PayPal's earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. Joining me today on the call is Dan Schulman our president and CEO. We're providing a slide presentation to accompany our commentary. This conference call is also being webcast, and both the presentation and call are available on our Investor Relations website. In discussing our company's performance, will refer to some non-GAAP measures. You could find the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in the presentation accompanying this conference call.  We will make forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, forecasts and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2023, our planning assumptions for 2023 and our comments related to anticipated foreign exchange rate, cost savings, operating margin and share repurchase activity. Our actual results may differ materially from these statements. You can find more information about our about risks, uncertainties and other factors that could affect our results in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC and available on our Investor Relations website. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. All information in this presentation is as of today's date, February 9, 2023. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update this information.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dan.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yeah, maybe just to add a little more detail on kind of the trajectory of the year. I'd say just we're focused on delivering a great year, and we think we've set ourselves up to do that. At the same time, to Dan's point, we're definitely not going to get ahead of ourselves so early on.  I would point out some dynamics though, that we're growing over in 2023 relative to 2022, which will make the first half of the year probably stronger from a revenue growth standpoint than the back half. That really relates to an expectation of Braintree deceleration. Braintree has had exceptional growth, and we have a great ramp of merchant volumes coming on this year with new merchants as well as additional volumes we expect to get from existing merchants. At the same time, just given the exceptional growth we had last year, we do expect a little bit of decel into the back half.  I'd also say, given the interest rate environment and how we're currently positioned in our book, we'd expect the incremental benefit from the higher interest rate environment to benefit us more in the first half than the back half as we lap some of those benefits from last year. And so that would create a little bit of decel as well. And then finally, there were some pricing changes that we made in 2022 that were predominantly front-half loaded. And so we start to lap those as well. So just in terms of the shape of the year, I would expect a little bit of decel as we move into the back half.
Gabrielle Rabinovitch: Yeah. I mean, to Dan's point, the geo mix, the merchant mix and the value-added services layer all are margin-enhancing to bring to overall. I'd also say we've talked about investing in the platform. And a lot of those investments that we're making are really to allow us scale that business more efficiently over time. So each incremental piece of volume will actually cost us less to profit as a process.  We're also doing a lot on our own side in terms of how we think about processing as efficiently as possible and doing everything we can to make sure that, over time, we're going to scale those volumes as efficiently as we can. And so I would think about it as a multiyear dynamic in terms of how we think about the progression of Braintree again, sort of as we move more out of the U.S. down into a slightly smaller merchant set overall. In addition, as we layer on the value-added services and the margin profile really does come through.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. Thanks, Lisa, for that. I'm going to miss you, too. But as you said, we've got a year ahead of us here. So look, there's never a good time to retire because it's always a bittersweet moment. I love working here at PayPal. I love working with all the incredibly talented people here. I'm proud of all we've accomplished. But as I've gotten older, I also realize I have a lot of passions outside the workplace as well. These range from politics to non-profits to academia. I want to do a lot of travel. And frankly, I want to spend a lot more time with the people that I love. But I had two criteria for when that right timing was. I mean the first one was I wanted to be absolutely sure that PayPal was on solid footing with a bright future. And as we look at kind of the quarter we delivered in Q4, as we look at what's happening in Q1 right now, which is coming in much stronger than we anticipated across a wide variety of fronts, we feel that 2023 is shaping up to be a strong year. And we think we have a real nice glide path as we go into '24 as well. And so that kind of like leaving the company in a good place seemed to be a good time for that. And the other thing is that I wanted to be sure that the Board had enough time to do a thorough search and an orderly transition after we find the right CEO. As I mentioned, it's a complex business. We have massive scale on both the consumer side, on the B2B side. We're a financial services company, but we're also a tech company.  We're heavily regulated across the world. There are a number of experience sets and leadership traits that the Board will be looking for. And they'll work with a search firm to look across the entire landscape to be sure that we find the best possible person to seize what I think is a very bright future for PayPal, and I really look forward to working with that person and doing an orderly transition.  And of course, I'm going to be flexible in my time frame. If that happens sooner, great. If it takes longer, I've told the Board that I'm willing to stay on slightly longer as well, just to be sure we get the right person. And until then, you can be sure that every single day, I'm going to be fully focused on execution. Just ask my team that, they'll tell you the same thing, and making sure that we continue the momentum that we have. And so hopefully, that helps a little bit, Lisa.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. I think that's an incredibly question. You saw probably in our investor deck, James, that our branded checkout volumes grew by 5% for the year, that's lapping 23% in 2021 and 38% in 2020. And that really is following the shape of the e-commerce.  Part of the reason why there's questions around this and some mix commentary is that there's no perfect data source for market share. Share obviously, for us, it varies by country, by channel, whether it's mobile, mobile web, desktop and by merchant size, whether you look at large enterprise or small or midsize. And we look at everything that we possibly can and look at e-commerce growth around the world. And we look at 2022 -- 2022 e-commerce growth is probably mid-single digits, maybe lower than that across the world. By the way, that 5% was roughly the same in the U.S. as well.  And so overall, we feel like we, at a minimum, held share to global trends. And I think there's some interesting commentary out there. But one of the things that is important to realize is digital wallets, in general, including PayPal, have been growing share overall. We grew share over 100 basis points during the pandemic. We've held it since there, but we continue to take share from manual card entry. Manual card entry say, like three years ago, it's 50% of the market. It's still about 30% of the market today. And there's a lot of share to be taken from that by digital wallets.  In addition, a lot of the Buy Now, Pay Later wallets are -- their growth is starting to slow quite meaningfully as they move from growth as their number one objective to making money as their number one objective. And if you look at our Buy Now, Pay Later results, we're clearly gaining share in that, it grew at 102% Buy Now, Pay Later $7 billion of TPV. So we're taking share from there. And if you look across the globe, across the globe, which is how we look at this, you can start with the U.S. And in the U.S., for the year, I think it's clear that we held share, growing at about 5%. And if I look at the fourth quarter, which is we're still digesting. It looks like we gained share in the first part of November coming into the holiday period. It looks like we lost somewhere like 2 to 4 basis points of share during the Cyber 5. And then we held in December. And as I've mentioned, we have accelerated meaningfully in terms of our branded share of checkout coming out of December into January and February. As we look at this, if you exclude Amazon in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, we held share. Again, all of these things are plus or minus 1 or 2 basis points. If you include Amazon, which had an extra Prime Day in the holidays, we might have lost 1 or 2 basis points. But that is the best view that we have for the U.S. right now. What's interesting is when you look at mobile checkout, it's clear that somebody like Apple has some inherent advantages in authentication, exclusive use of the NFC chip. But if you look at where we have implemented our most advanced checkout flows, and as I mentioned in the script, now about third of our top 100 of our most advanced checkout flows, there, even in mobile, we are gaining share. So the things that we are working on and deploying are making a big difference in the market. That's why I'm so proud of what the team has done in improving and really going after share of overall checkout with our latest integrations. Maybe we can talk more about that with another question.  Across the rest of the world, there are some markets like the UK where we're holding share. In Q3, we lost a little bit of share. In Q4, Australia, we've been losing share due to Buy Now, Pay Later players in that market, and we're now starting to pull back on that. And across most of the major countries in Europe, we are either holding or gaining quite a bit of share.  So as I look across the world, there are some places where we're gaining a lot of share, some places like the U.S., where we're probably holding in other countries where we're losing a little bit. But overall, steady in terms of our market share. And I really think the product teams and the sales teams have done an incredible job of looking at what we can do to improve our checkout experiences. We obviously have a lot we can still do. But year after year after year, we're either holding or gaining share.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. The first thing we do is ensure that we have all the investments we need to drive our road map. Again, we've honed our focus, sharpened our focus to make sure that we are investing and executing against our high conviction growth areas. And we're doing that since I mean, we are -- the team is making a ton of progress. I mean whether you look at what we've done in Braintree to harden the infrastructure, to create additional capabilities over the holiday season during the Cyber 5, we were five 9s [ph] and above in terms of availability.  And you see that in terms of kind of the new sales, people moving more volume over to us. Braintree's auth rates, something like 390 basis points better than the competitive set. And so a ton of investment there and making a lot of progress. We've put a lot of investment against PPCP, which is our unbranded, small and midsized and channel partner play.  And by the way, it's not just unbranded. It has our most advanced checkout flows in it, and we're going to probably take about 20% of our TPV through PPCP with integrations through Shopify, Adobe, TikTok, and move that to our most advanced checkout flows.  And so that, we've invested in, and obviously, the rest of checkout. Like things like our SDK and APIs, two years ago, we were not really playing in that developer market. And today, if you go to Postman, which is like one of the largest sites that developers go to, to look at SDKs and APIs, we're now one of the top 10 requested SDKs and APIs based on both popularity and quality of that. We actually are number seven, number eight at Stripe.  And so we have really gone from almost nowhere to top 10 in terms of our SDK and APIs. And so -- and just all the basic hygiene, the next-gen stuff, we're working on, that is #1 for us. Like we are going to invest as much as we need to into that. We're going to invest in our digital wallets, our unbranded and our checkout. And that's where we are focused, and we have plenty of investment there. At the same time, really, if you look at our non-transaction-related OpEx, and you look over the course of three years ago, we were like 17% growth, then 20% growth, then 2.7, and now low high single-digit negative growth, I guess, is the best way to put it.  If you add all that together, you come up to about 7%. And our traditional OpEx growth was somewhere, I call it, 6% to 8% or so. So we've just come back to where we've been. Honestly, we still have a lot more to go. As I mentioned, we have identified and are executing already against an incremental $600 million. And as we get more and more efficient as a business, you're going to see more and more of a productivity mindset so that we feel as we go into 2024, that we're going to go back to the same place we were, where we consistently grow our operating margin as we grow our top line going forward.  And we're all aligned against that. We feel great about the amount of resource we're investing, but also making sure that we have the right cost structure going forward. Obviously, you're always balancing that. But when we have a balancing decision, we err towards investing.
Daniel Schulman: Yeah. So I think it's one of the things that we talked about, which is kind of a new piece of information for us is that nearly half of our base is a monthly active user and about 190 million or so. Those monthly active users, without Braintree in the number, because a lot of people are Braintree in that number, without Braintree in the number, use us 6 to 7 times a month. So they're transacting 72 to 90 times a year with us. That is up 40% from 2019. It's up 5% year-over-year. And that -- those characteristics of those MAUs is they have an extremely low churn rate. They are extremely engaged, highly satisfied with high and growing ARPU. Our biggest opportunity is to move our active accounts into our MAUs. We generate an enormous amount of organic active accounts. Enormous. Every single year, they come on to our platform. And they come on to our platform because we're so ubiquitous. We have coverage across 35 million merchant accounts, 80% of the top 1,500 accounts in the U.S. and Europe. And so they come. They make a transaction, or they get a P2P request, and they -- and they do kind of a one and done.  And the way that I think about, probably the best analogy between MAUs, monthly active users, and the rest of our accounts is how the wireless industry thinks about postpaid and prepaid. Our MAUs are our postpaid accounts. Again, they're very satisfied. They have high ARPU, very, very low churn. And they're engaged in our mobile app. They're ready to try new services as we put them on. When we put on a new service, when they try on new service, their ARPU goes up by 25%.  And so we are very focused on ensuring that we grow our MAUs and that we take those tremendous organic number of people that are coming on. By the way, with no cost per gross add on that, not CPGA. Like those organic things are coming in, just constantly at the top of our funnel.  It's a bit of a two-edged sword. One, it kind of -- it adds to churn, obviously, but churn of a base that's not transacting at all. But our opportunity is with -- as we get a better value proposition, a more compelling proposition across our consumer side as we upgrade our merchants into the best possible checkout experiences that we take those active accounts and move them into MAUs. This whole thing about what's happening with your churn, what's happening, that's a false narrative actually. What's really happening is our MAUs are incredibly consistent, staying with us highly satisfied, acting quite a bit and growing. And that's really where our engagement is coming from. That's probably -- for instance, we have 35 million consumers that use us for subscription management. Every single month, we manage their subscriptions automatically for them, whether they be to Hulu or to other subscription management services.  And so those are incredibly sticky high-value customers for us, and we have a ton of focus on moving people to that MAU base, which is why it's such a focus for us as opposed to net active accounts.
Daniel Schulman: It's a great set of questions. So when we put in the latest checkout experiences, it's anywhere from a low of a 3% lift in conversion up to a 10% of lift in conversion. So that's actually pretty meaningful in terms of what we see. We also see in our latest checkout integrations that we're growing our share there across mobile, across mobile web and desktop.  And with the top 100, it's an account-by-account play. They're quite sophisticated payments teams. They have a lot of legacy integration. And clearly, the increases in conversion matter a lot and also the ability to seamlessly implement our Buy Now, Pay Later, which has the highest loss rates in the industry, lowest loss rates and a great value proposition is another reason for those top 100 plus to move forward on their integrations. And we're making good solid progress, as I mentioned, every single quarter there. Mobile SDK, same thing. Conversion rates up to 10%. We are now in developer portals. Our mobile SDK is a merchant requirement going forward, so no new merchant can come on without being in our most advanced checkout flows. In our mobile SDK, Buy Now, Pay Later will also be included in that in the second half, which is also something that our merchants are really asking for in terms of seamless integration of that. And then PPCP, we have Braintree, and that's -- when somebody signs up for Braintree, they immediately go on to our latest checkout experiences. I already talked about auth rates going up 390 basis points on average when that happens. But PPCP, that's a big opportunity for us. We're going into a $750 billion addressable market that we've never been able to go in before. We're going in both with our sales force direct into midsized customers and for that longer tail through channel partners. As I mentioned, we're already working with Shopify on PPCP. In France, we are beginning integrations with merchants like Adobe and TikTok. And we feel that those channel partners, when we upgrade them to PPCP, they almost instantaneously will upgrade that long tail. And that's, call it, 20% of our TPV out there.  So we've got quite a bit of plans to address each part of the market with, I think, pretty significant detail around them and pretty significant movement as well.
Daniel Schulman: Thank you so much. Okay. Well, I think we're a little over the top of the hour. I just want to thank everybody for your great questions. Thank you for all the e-mails that you're sending me already. Again, we're going to work quite closely. We're focused on executing against our plan, and look forward to speaking to all of you again soon. Thanks again for your time. Take care. Bye-bye.
