Bill Ready: Sure, Jason. I'll take that. So the way you think about credit is, it has more or less grown in line with the rest of our business since we gave that guidance at that point in time. Credit represented - depending upon the quarter about 2% or 2.5% of TPV. And that was the case when we gave that guidance on revenue and profit at that Analyst Day. So it's fair to conclude that it represents a similar portion today. To be clear on asset-light, what we'd like to do is continue to very much be in the credit business for our merchants and our consumers and provide all of the benefit that they derive from that. But we can do that in a much more asset-light way where we can free up that capital to utilize for other maybe seemingly higher turning alternatives. At the same point in time we would continue to share in the economics of that business if we were to elect to pursue a partnership type of arrangement there. And then the second part of your question was eBay. eBay - we hadn’t disclosed what percentage of our business that represents in terms of profit. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've - that's about 13.5% of our volume today that’s come down from 20% just a couple of years ago. And whether it's TPV or revenue what you've seen is that that declined 300 to 400 basis points each year in terms of the percentage of our overall volume in the business and revenue in the business in this case maybe.
Bill Ready: I would just say on in-store one of the fantastic things that’s happening on top of what Dan was describing where we have great partnerships both with networks as well as Google and Android Pay and Vodafone and others that allow us to do in-store point of sale. We’re also seeing just amazing momentum on e-commerce style experiences coming into the store, which really plays to our strengths. So things like buy online pick up in-store, you can witness in most major retailers around the country are starting to carve off sections of the stores that are specifically devoted to buy online pick up in-store as you see more and more of that happening. That’s really home field advantage for us that we are becoming the primary way that consumers think about accessing great new digital experiences like that. So we certainly see growth across the board in mobile, but this is a really interesting area for us where we see mobile starting to really come into the stores to buy online pick up in-store and those types of things in addition to the way that folks thought about it traditionally of using the mobile device at point of sale where you’ve got great partnerships as Dan describes that help get us into those.
Bill Ready: I’ll describe Pay with Venmo with a little more detail. One of the beautiful things about what we have done with the Pay with Venmo deployment is that we're making that automatically available to PayPal merchants over the same distribution rail that we used to have such a rapid deployment of PayPal One Touch. And so while that makes it really easy for the merchant to adopt and really easy for the consumer to have more places to use it, it means that those merchants are accepting Venmo on the exact same terms that they would accept PayPal. So our revenue on those transactions when somebody uses Venmo to pay at one of those PayPal merchants, our revenue on that transaction would be exactly the same as if that user had paid with PayPal. As you rightly noted Venmo tends toward predominantly lower cost funding instruments so the cost of those transactions it would be reasonable to assume is going to less than the average across the PayPal base. And so I think your assumptions there are directionally correct. We are not providing guidance on how much of that or any of those types of things. But at a unit level you're exactly right that is the same revenue per transaction for us but with a wallet that is loaded with on average lower cost funding instruments for us.
Dan Schulman: This is Dan, I’ll take that question and Bill you can jump in on this. So this is not any one thing that’s driving our growth, it’s multiple initiates that we’ve launched. In general as we get bigger we’re seeing a network effect start to take haul, we have over 17 million merchants on a network now, now over 200 million consumers and there is distinctly a network effect. We've also seen all the core experiences that Bill and his team and others in the company that worked on whether that be availability, latency, One Touch, choice, our new mobile app out there that are all kind of bending multi-year curves now with all of our product curves bending upwards reversing a many year trend line that we had before. That’s reducing churn and also attracting a lot of new customers. We’ve got a bunch of new products out there right now from bill pay to international remittances to new services on P2P, new flows on P2P and so those are driving a ton of net new adds as well. Really interesting thing right now is obviously choice has streamlined the sign-up process and we’re seeing good benefit from that. But I would say on the partnership front, we are at the very beginning of that. There is much more ahead of us than behind us. We've had some marketing campaign launched within financial institutions to drive card linking to PayPal, but the vast majority of that is still ahead us. In terms of the ratios of Venmo to the core, we never really announced those specifically. What I would say again as I said in my remarks is Venmo had a record net new active quarter. But the core had an even stronger, a record net new actives. So you see more than a majority coming from core PayPal as opposed to Venmo on this. Anything else, Bill, you'd add. Hope that answers your question, James.
Dan Schulman: So you have a couple of questions there, Heath, as usual we respect. So let met talk a little bit about some of our purchase, turn it over to Bill and then John will address the last part of your question. So, we are increasingly turning from being a product company into a platform company and what we mean by that is we’re moving well beyond just check out as a button to really offering a full suite of capabilities and services that enable merchants to move into digital commerce to take advantage of mobile which is something every single one of our retailers from small merchants to the very largest are thinking about right now. Because the face of commerce is rapidly changing driven by mobile, and mobile as I mentioned is blurring that distinction between online and offline. Because it’s blurring that distinction our platform capabilities are increasingly omni in nature. Now one of the things that still ahead of us and one of the things that accrued to us as part of our network agreement that we had with Mastercard and Visa and Discover as well as all of our relationships with financial institutions is access to tokens. We're not going to do bespoke customization coming into the offline world, but we can use industry standard tokenization and add that capability into our app which we expect to do next year to start to move into the offline marketplace. Again, we think that a lot of what’s going to happen at offline will be value proposition driven not form factor driven. But our PayPal digital wallet will have the ability for somebody to use their mobile phone eventually at a point of sale expect NFC solutions. Bill, anything you’d add on top of that.
Dan Schulman: So yeah I did read some of those articles that were out there. Look I start off by saying that I really need pleased and I'm happy with the set of assets and capabilities we have today. We've got a leading market position in those. I feel really good about where we stand. We have a very robust product pipeline and roadmap. And we're ready with the assets we have to compete as a leader in the market today. I think we're playing from a position of strength as we go into the market and look at what’s available. Obviously we have a very strong balance sheet and it's a potential weapon for us as we think about competing going forward. We’ve got some $7 billion on our balance sheet. As John mentioned over $3 billion of free cash flow that we’ll have this year. And our intention is to stay acquisitive and be a consolidator in the industry. We look at hundreds of opportunities every single quarter from small investments we make in some interesting start ups to much larger. And we look at the whole gamut of that. Now the criteria we look at this it got to fit into the vision and mission that we've set out for ourselves, it needs to accelerate our progress, I’m going to talk about that in a second, across key vertical like a Bill Pay would be an example of that, a geography or some technology that could be a security bolt-o something like that helps our platform overall. And we look at all of that through the lens of build, partner and buy. And on the build side as I’ve not mentioned before and Bill has talked about, we are so much more productive and innovative internally than we've ever been before. We had something like 300% increase in releases that we're doing now in what used to be a necessity for us to buy several years ago to innovate. Is now quite well covered by what we built internally. The other thing obviously is we've created a fundamentally different technological architecture an open-platform that allow us to partner in ways that we've never been able to go do before and so there used to be capabilities we need that now we can merge the assets of a partner into our platform and vice a versa without needing to acquire. And then obviously there's buying. And as I mentioned we look at that across the world and at all levels of different investment that we might make on that. But we're very disciplined in a way we look at that. Honestly we don't mind if it’s small or a large acquisition but it’s got to make sense to us on the criteria that aligned above and it’s got to make sense to us from a cost basis. And so you can expect us to be acquisitive, but in a disciplined and thoughtful manner.
Dan Schulman: I’ll start off and then it over to either John or Bill as we go into this. So obviously we hit a different level in terms of acquisition and that 3 to 5 million is outdated. We did talk about this year that we expect to acquire close to 30 million net new actives. A part of that is driven by choice and a part of it is driven by new experiences, our P2P flows, reduction in churn that’s going on. So there is really not one thing that I would point to, you are right, we were losing out on a million or so activations a month that had put in a funding instrument but did not do a transaction with us because we also asked for additional information post that and that's not occurring right now. So I think we are at a different level in terms of the net new actives going forward. We’ll update that as we look at updating our overall 2018 guidance for you. So stay tuned on that but obviously 3 to 5 million is an old number now.
Dan Schulman: We continue to see great performance across our merchant segments. Braintree continues to perform really well in line with what we discussed previously. And share of checkout driven by One Touch and industry leading conversion rate in addition to us having strong consumer growth, our share of checkout continues to increase. When you look at our merchant services volume growth that is significantly beyond the growth of the e-commerce industry which means that we continue to take share. And that taking of share is both in new merchant sign-ups that are really across small businesses, mid-market as well as a large enterprise, so across every segment we continue to add merchant. And then within each of those merchants we continue to see expansion of our share of checkout as consumers more and more gravitate towards PayPal given that we have conversion rate that is nearly twice that of entering a card and online. So it's broad-based across those but we see each of those segments performing well inclusive of the Braintree segment.
Dan Schulman: First on pricing, as you are aware we've made a few different price changes this year positive and negative, try to optimize for certain corridors where we operate. But the main thing to take away from pricing is that we want to price in areas to where we can clearly attribute that price to value that’s being added to the customers experience. And so to your question about whether that assumes anything in 2018, yes it does. This is a pricing in any business is an ongoing driver of value that you need to be responsive to the broader market and competitive set in which you operate. So we've seen some benefit from that in 2017 and we would expect that to continue not only in 2018, but into further years. On the second part of your question, with respect to margin expectations in 2018. We do still expect to have sort of the same guidance that we said before as stable to growing operating margins and that’s whether you're talking about 2018 or the next few years after that. As I noted in my prepared remarks we are integrating to acquisitions next year. And so there's always integration and investment around that. If you were to normalize for that, you would certainly see that organically there is margin expansion in the business. And importantly as I noted in my remarks and has been quite a focus this year that the GAAP operating margin is also expanding in line with non-GAAP operating margin next year. Again some of the changes that we made with respect to share-based compensation this year we said were specific to this year, we do not expect that to continue at that level in the future.
Dan Schulman: Thank you, George, for that question, and thank you everyone for joining us today. We really appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking to all of you soon. Thanks a lot.
John Rainey: And Heath, this is John, just on the last part of your question with respect to transaction expense. You’re right, while it’s a small year-over-year increase. This was down on a unit basis in terms of TPV from what we saw in the first half of year. And we indicated that would be the case. At 97 bps this quarter, it’s down from the high watermark of 100 bps in the second quarter. It’s a result of couple of things. But one we talked about before as our customers are opting into choice. There is much more balance across the various funding instruments that they choose than what our initial expectations were. At the same point in time with great growth on platforms like Venmo, which come at a very low expense rate that actually helps suppress the rate of growth in that unit level. A good way to think about this even going to the fourth quarter and into 2018 is this is more or less for that period of time the level that we expect. I did note again 100 basis points was the - at least the high watermark for the foreseeable future for us in this areas. So we expect to contain the inflation in this area going forward.
John Rainey: Bryan, it’s John. Good to speak with you. We do have some modest assumptions about monetizing Venmo going into next year. We’re courage by the launch of Pay with Venmo with 2 million merchants right now. We’ll continue to expand that. But as we said before this is has been an area of investment for us. We're looking forward to being able to monetize this. But we've got pretty measures expectations around this. So we don't want to get too far out in front of ourselves. This is a pretty precious experience. So we’re going to make sure that we get it right. And so given in the guidance that we gave approximately 20% revenue growth and 20% earnings growth that does include some assumptions about Venmo. But this is a leg of growth for us, profitable growth into the future. And we've got a multi-year outlook on what this will be. In terms of the guidance that we gave with respect to FX that basically assume the currency environment that we're in right now. That answers your question.
John Rainey: No, that’s an organic assumption say for the two acquisitions that we already acquired in the third quarter this year.
