Alex Chriss: Thank you, Jamie. To summarize, PayPal grew profitably again with strength in multiple areas, including branded, unbranded, and Venmo. We are also starting to see traction in several initiatives. Taken together, these results highlight the strength of PayPal's global commerce platform. I'll leave you with one last example. You've heard me talk about our Venmo customers, looking for us to provide more money in and money out opportunities. As we are improving opportunities to spend Venmo balance with products like Venmo debit card or pay with Venmo, we are seeing a corresponding improvement in funds being used within the Venmo ecosystem rather than transferred out. This is an example of meeting our customers where they are, solving their needs, and driving monetization and margin improvement in the process. Overall, this was a strong quarter for PayPal, and it gives us the confidence to both increase our growth investments and raise our full year profit and free cash flow guide. I'm proud of our team and excited about the coming quarters and years for PayPal. Steve, let's go to Q&A.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, thanks for the question, Ramsey. You know, we're excited to see the progress that we've made on branded. As you can see, we've got a consistent, loyal customer base that continues to use and love PayPal. What we've been focused on over the last six months is really some of the things I've touched on before, the experiences particularly around mobile. I touched on some of it in the comments, but the teams are working night and day now to improve everything from the vaulted experience, which is essential on mobile. This is think of high usage, high repeat usage checkout experience where you actually vault PayPal as your default. We've now improved that experience. And as I mentioned, we're seeing a 75 to 110 basis point lift with our new experience. We're also rolling out a new pay sheet experience overall, which simplifies, gives customers still the choice of whether they're using PayPal Balance or any instrument they want, as well as buy-now, pay-later, but just simplifying the experience. And We are seeing a nice lift in conversion rate there as well. So big focus on the end-to-end customer experience. We feel like that combined with the ubiquity that we have just in marks across both mobile and web gives us the ability to continue to not only maintain, but where we want to be, which is taking share in the branded experience.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, and just to pile on and dig a little bit deeper, you know, this is very deliberate. The first half of the year, we needed to invest in innovation and invest in the customer experiences and put to market experiences on both PayPal and Venmo from a consumer standpoint that we can be proud of. I feel like we are at that place now. The experience on the PayPal app, what we are putting out on branded experiences, and even just the engagements, just the new designs, the shopping and rewards that now exist inside of the PayPal app is completely rebuilt and new. On the Venmo side, you've seen the improvement as we started to create real onboarding ramps for our debit card, and we are seeing the improvement there. So feeling really good about the experiences on both of the apps and it's time to tell the world about it. And we are excited to ramp up some of our go-to-market spend in sort of exciting and engaging ways.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, I think it's a great question, and it's one of the things that we may overlook sometimes when we just think about PayPal. We are a global company, and the way customers use us, whether it be cross-border, whether it be access to merchants all over the world, is truly a global phenomenon. We've invested heavily over the years in ensuring that we are compliant in everywhere that we want to be in over 200 different markets. You know, as we think about our strategy, as I've laid out in the past, to make sure that PayPal is available everywhere for every purchase every time. That includes being able to be available in an omnichannel solution, whether it's e-commerce or whether it's in-person. And with some of the changes coming particularly in Europe around NFC, that opens up the opportunity for us and we will be prepared shortly to be able to play in that space. So it's exciting to see our growth. I'll hit one more example. Our buy now pay later growth that we continue to see, 60% of that volume comes from outside of the US. So we are bringing the entire ecosystem of what PayPal brings to the global stage and excited to continue to invest there.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, it's a great question. And SMB, as I've said since I got here, I think is an untapped opportunity for us. So let's just pull back and talk about what SMBs really need. Small businesses are there fighting for every customer. They need to be able to find customers, they need to be able to engage with customers, convert them, and then reengage with them. And really what they're looking for is an end-to-end platform and an end-to-end solution to help them. It is very difficult for a small business to piece together 17 different solutions. They just don't have the bandwidth, the people, and the time to be able to make that happen. With PPCP, we now have put together the most powerful single platform for them to be able to run their business in a full stack manner. So with PPCP, you now get branded experiences with the best branded experiences. You get access to the best guest checkout conversion with Fastlane. You get unbranded processing so that you can ensure that you can process anywhere around the world. You get every mark. You get buy-now pay-later. You get access to our working capital. And then as you mentioned, now that we start to roll out our ads platform, you get the ability to drive new customers. You also get the ability to re-engage with customers in a delightful way, so package tracking, smart receipts, the ability to be able to re-market to customers even after they've purchased. All of this is in one place with one partner. And so, you know, we're in early days right now. PPCP really is just rolling out. We're excited about the progress and the growth, but there's a lot more to play here. Live in 30 markets and through 40 partner channels. But I think we're just getting started. This is going to play out over the next few years.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, let me start with Fastlane. So just as a reminder for everyone, Fastlane is really tackling the 60% of checkout that is guest checkout. We've got a unique experience because of the volume of our two-sided network and the consumers that we see coming in, where we're able to dramatically change the conversion rate for repeat users. So 80% conversion rate versus a traditional roughly 50% on a repeat user. Our goal is to capture and help all merchants for all guest checkouts. So the way we built Fastlane is this really is a platform that can be processed or agnostic. And we want to be able to help every consumer come through and have a delightful guest checkout experience. As well as enable actually our ability to capture them through a Fastlane by PayPal experience and bring them into a branded experience as well. So there's a flywheel effect. In terms of rollout, we're rolling this out now. We've got a developer day situated in a few weeks from this time in August. We're going GA now in August as well, and so we'll be ramping up as many customers as we can. We've not talked about and disclosed pricing on this, so I'm not going to get into that at this point. But know that this is our ability to monetize not just guest checkout that we process through Braintree but really for us the total addressable market is the entire guest checkout experience across the board.
Alex Chriss: Yeah thanks Dan, great question. So let me set some context. So first we play in a massive multi-trillion dollar market and it's not a zero-sum game. So we expect competitors, we've had competitors come in since we launched, you know, over a decade ago. We went from one button to now there's lots of different buttons and branded experiences and we'll expect that to continue. Let me, though, set the context of the reality of today, and then how we think about the future. So the reality today, we are the Number #1 branded experience across all platforms and devices. If we narrow down into desktop web, which is still 40% to 50% of all checkout, we see no degradation in our share over the past four years. So let me say that again. We've held share despite competition. Second, if we look across browsers, there's actually no difference in our selection rate across different browsers. So certain buttons moving from one platform to the other just isn't material to us. So that's where we are today. So let us focus around our ability to continue to improve and make this a better experience for our consumers going forward. So for merchants, they're looking for an end-to-end solution. They want to get customers, they want to convert customers, and they want to engage and have a return experience with customers. As we talked about, we now have the best branded experience. We're continuing to improve that. We have Fastlane, we have the best checkout experience. And we've rolled out ads and continuing to invest in our profiles. So we are helping merchants end-to-end. On a consumer side, they're looking for ubiquity, flexibility, and a rewarding experience. We are the most ubiquitous. We have 80% acceptance rate in the developed world with a large and growing customer base. And from a flexibility standpoint, they want to be able to pay everywhere with any way that they can -- that they want to pay and we're able to provide that. So if you pull back, I'm just excited that we are in a strong position of being the most complete platform and two-sided global network, driving the highest value and benefit to our consumers and our merchants.
Alex Chriss: Yeah, let me start with the last part. We really not built any Fastlane upside into guidance. And part of that is because of our go-to-market is going to be very focused on just getting adoption, not around monetizing in this half of the year. Now, to be clear, we are pricing in the contracts that we're signing with customers, and so pricing is built in and as I said before, the TAM is every guest checkout. That's what our focus is. But it's not built into the second half of the year. In terms of key to-dos, we really created and worked hard during this beta period to create a seamless experience so that developers and merchants can get on board as fast as possible. And so, you know, for someone using us now, it is really a four to four week experience to get onto the Fastlane code and enable that to roll out. So we need to get it on as many platforms as we can, so that small businesses in particular can just one click a button and turn it on for the holidays. We are working with many of our large enterprises who want access to this before the holidays as well. But again, look, the reality is we've got a lot of merchants around the world, and it is going to take time for them to be able to put this into their roadmap. So that's why we want to set expectations that this is going to take quarters and years to get everyone on board. But the beauty of Fastlane is it's a network effect. More customers coming through it, we are already seeing best-in-class conversion rates. The more customers that come through it, the more profiles that we start to capture, and the better the conversion rates should become. So we want to get started as fast as possible, get as many merchants through this holiday season as we can, and then build from there.
Jamie Miller: Great. And Ramsey, on the second part of your question about lower volumes in the second half, that primarily relates to Braintree. We are seeing both lapping of larger wins this year, particularly in the second half, and some shifting and normalization in the Braintree revenue profile, just as we enter into and really get into the process of working with our customers around our mission around profitable growth. But on the branded checkout side of things, we expect the second half to be consistent with the first. July is off to a good start. What we've seen in July is very consistent with the first half so far. So we feel pretty good about that.
Jamie Miller: Yeah, so good morning, Darrin. Thank you. So maybe I'll start with the biggest contributors to transaction margin dollar growth and talk a little bit about the second half there as well. So we were really excited to see the broad base strengths and the acceleration. There's a lot the team has underway and there's several significant contributors to the growth. First, we talked about in my prepared remarks, interest income on customer balances. That was about 3 points in the first half. But second, and really very strong was branded checkout. It continues to grow profitably as a healthy contributor to transaction margin dollar growth. Braintree, which you mentioned, it is back to contributing to transaction margin dollar growth, which we're really excited about. And it's really great to see some progress from our shift in focus there. Venmo continues to benefit not only from the strong consumer, but, you know, we're doing a nice job in Venmo too, driving continued growth in monthly actives. And then lastly, transaction loss favorability continued to be favorable in the second quarter as well, which was nice to see. When we think about the second half, there is really a couple of things to think about there. I'd say first is that our first half tailwinds around interest income, you know, will begin to decline. We've just got higher comps in the second half of 2023, as rates were coming up in the second half of last year. So that impact on transaction margin dollar growth, the percentage, that'll start to come down. The second is that we saw transaction loss favorability in both the first quarter and the second quarter. It is feeling more durable than we expected, even in the first quarter. Having said that, we're planning for some normalization in the second half. As we get better in transaction loss prevention and detection. So do bad actors, and they continue to work hard to do different things. And the second is we are launching a number of products in the second half. And any time you launch products, we're just being prudent around how we think about transaction loss to make sure that if we have a few bugs in the process, we're working the kinks out as we go. But the core business is solid. We are more positive than we were three months ago on Braintree profitability, P2P, on transaction loss. It's still early in our progress but we're driving significant change.
Jamie Miller: Yeah and on the second part of your question around the US and international environments, you know as I mentioned before we see the US environment being very consistent right now with what we've seen over the first half. International is a real strength for us and we did have a shift, down a bit in the international area on TPV this quarter, but when you look at that, what that really is, it's almost solely related to lapping some large Braintree [wins] (ph) last year, otherwise very healthy.
Jamie Miller: Yeah, so on a relative level of growth, US and international, both continue to be strong contributors for us. There's obviously different market mixes and different [merchant] (ph) mixes, as you look at those growth profiles. You know, in the US, large enterprises continue to be an area of strength for us. And I would say, in the small business area, we continue to remix that portfolio as we move to PPCP and off of legacy platforms and really move to both a direct and a partner strategy there. You know, when you look at the international side of things, branded checkout is very, very strong in several European, both countries and corridors. UK continues to be pressured, but I would say outside of that, we've got real strength in other countries such as Germany and just real bright spots in Europe as well. So I'd say it is fairly balanced across the globe when you look at it. I'm trying to look at the second part of your question here. Transaction expense. You know, when you look at transaction expense, it is impacted by funding mix, product mix, geo mix, all of that stuff. Funding mix relatively stable. The biggest driver of our shift in TE right now is been Braintree, and that continues to be what is happening there. We're always looking at ways to continuously improve our transaction expense profile and work with different partners to move the needle on that. And we continue to have different benefits, different quarters just in terms of how that rolls-through, none of which was particularly material, but we had a little bit of that too.
Jamie Miller: Yeah, I would say generally we are seeing a stronger branded baseline and we're having increasing confidence in the slope of our Braintree profitability efforts. That's what I would say on those two.
Jamie Miller: So, good morning Andrew. Thank you. So first well, let's just talk through the Braintree growth and what's really driving that. We set out this year to really reorient the team with Braintree around profitable growth. And as we've done that -- we've had just a number of conversations with customers, both around contract renewal, but also just around our holistic relationship and really getting into understanding how we partner, what the margin structure is, how we provide value-added services, just the overall value-to-value exchange that we have got. And honestly, they've been really positive conversations as we -- and just on a total relationship basis sort of thing. As we looked at that, there are certain situations where as we've gotten into the discussion, we are willing to accept a lower share of revenue in exchange for a higher margin contract. There is other situations where, as we work with our customers, we are able to sell in value-added services in ways that we just haven't done before. So it is lots of different levers in that process. But what we are excited about is we are really starting to see good traction on that. It is intentional. We've set out to do this. And it is a really good thing for the business. And I think as you look at the second half, what we saw play out in the second quarter, I expect to continue. We saw some of the volume growth normalize a bit, but we saw more positive transaction margin dollar growth. And it is really good to see that tangible progress play out. And I think it will continue to play out over time. It may be a little bit uneven and not linear, but that trend of a little bit more normalization into the business, but improving margin profiles is something we fully expect to continue.
Jamie Miller: Yes. Thank you all today, and thanks Steve. Just to close the call, company is energized. We are proud of what we've accomplished, just to again, sort of step -- set the context of where we are. We are really six months in. We've got a new leadership team. We are getting stronger every day. We've returned the company to transaction margin growth. We've returned the company to a consumer user growth. We significantly improved profitability at Braintree, and we are accelerating Venmo. And so I just feel really proud that we are stronger today than we were six months ago, and we will be stronger six months from now than we are today. And we are executing against our game plan. This will be measured in quarters and years. So it will be a long game, but six months in, we are on the right trajectory. So thank you all for today and see you next quarter.
