James Chriss: Yes. Thank you, Tien-Tsin. Let me hand it over to Jamie to walk you through transaction margin, and then I'll take the more strategic piece on other and how we think about the year. 
James Chriss: Yes. Let me just sort of take a step back, Tien-Tsin, and talk about how we've been thinking about the year. You've heard us talk about this as a transition year. The way we've really been focusing the team is on sort of 3 different components to make sure that we're set up well for profitable growth into the future.  The first is accelerating innovation and ensuring that we've got best-in-class innovation, whether that's on the consumer side and ensuring that our customers have a frictionless, incredible experience in checkout; to an unbranded side where we allow our merchants to have, again, best processing available. So really accelerating the velocity of our innovation.  The second is adoption and ensuring that once that innovation is actually in the market, that our consumers are using it, that our merchants are onboarding to our latest and greatest integrations. I'll give you an example. We talked about in the last call the opportunity for debit card engagement. We changed the onboarding flow inside of the PayPal app this past quarter and saw a 69% higher debit card engagement just by changing that flow. So a big focus on the team on not just delivering our innovation but actually delivering the adoption.  And then lastly, as you mentioned, cleaning up some of our underperforming services. I mentioned Xoom on the call. That is a business that we looked at very hard. It's been underperforming for a couple of years now. And we wanted to make a decision on, is this an asset that's strategic to the business that should be a profitable grower for us, or not? And when we looked at it, we realized that there were just opportunities where we had priced ourselves out of the market in a number of different corridors that we could make strategic decisions on and actually make this a profitable, growing business.  And so that's just an example. We're going top to bottom throughout the organization. And there will be some businesses or markets that don't meet that cut, and we'll let you know when we make those decisions. And there will be other ones that, with focus and execution, we'll turn around. 
James Chriss: Yes. Thank you, Darrin. So again, just to sort of paint the high picture on unbranded, this is an important segment for us, both on -- for enterprise and for small business. We have to nail the basics, right? So our customers are looking for the best auth rates, the best uptime, the best availability, the best reliability. And those are things that we are now providing.  And I think over the last few years, as we've been building the service, whether it's Braintree or now with PPCP, we've been investing in that and establishing a beachhead for our product across the market. In doing so, though, we also have been building value-added services that, to be totally transparent, we haven't been able to price to value or we haven't been able to ensure that we're engaged with our customers in a real end-to-end strategic conversation. That's changing now.  And so to your question, we're having great conversations with both enterprise and small business merchants around our end-to-end solutions, the value-added services that we can now bring to bear, really more strategic conversations, as you mentioned, around the 2-sided network, both on unbranded, on branded, and then even things like our new marketing and ad platform in the mix. We're now having really deep conversations with our merchants that, again, are strategic for them and extract the value that -- of the services that we're providing.  So very encouraged with these conversations. Obviously, it's going to take time. Especially for some of the largest merchants, it just takes time for them to roll out and adopt. But our teams right now are, as I mentioned on the call, in L.A. with our Customer 360 conference and showing them all the innovations and having really, really good conversations. So encouraged with the start. It's just going to take time throughout the year. 
James Chriss: The only thing that I would -- just last point is this conversion rate with Fastlane, what's so exciting to me is not just the 40% that's coming in, it's unrecognized users leveraging our brand and the 80% conversion rate of guest checkout for returning users. But this is just early days. This is with a handful of merchants.  This is a network effect. As we gain more and more users coming through, as these users now become returning users over and over again, those rates should continue to improve. And so this is already an order of magnitude better than anything else in the market. And with the network effect and scale that we have, we just expect it to continue to get better. 
James Chriss: Yes. Thank you for the question, Ramsey. So let me set the context so that it's clear how we think about it. First, we must play in an omnichannel world. We have established ourselves as the leader in the market in online. And our customers love us and use us globally for online checkout.  But they are demanding an off-line opportunity, an omnichannel opportunity, and to get the value that we're able to provide as we start to deliver not only the basics of our security and flexibility, but also as our rewards platform continues to improve, we want to be able to deliver a PayPal service for customers everywhere, anytime, every purchase. So we will be playing in an omnichannel environment.  That -- where there are locations where NFC opens up, that obviously becomes a very easy opportunity for us to provide a wallet in an Android or iPhone operating system, and we will be ready. If there are environments where it's not available, we will still operate in an omnichannel.  So omnichannel is a strategic initiative for us, it's something that is customer-backed and delivers an incredible PayPal experience, again, for every purchase and every checkout. And we'll take advantage of whatever market, whatever features and functionality we have in whatever market we play in. 
James Chriss: And just to underline Jamie's point, we have not put -- or we have put limited upside to this innovation that we've talked about in these expectations. And so again, this is about us having the flexibility, us ensuring that we take the right time and do the right thing by the customers as well as building the long term. But those are not built in to the rest of the year. 
James Chriss: Yes. Let me talk about -- up-level and talk about Venmo for a minute and the opportunity there. So again, on the positive side, we have the leading P2P platform with incredible customer base with disposable income 22% higher than the U.S. average, 60 million monthly active users and 90 million 12-month actives. So this is an incredible platform for us to work at.  As we talked about in previous calls, and I'll reiterate here, I'm dissatisfied in how we've really thought about monetizing the platform and really thought about delivering, in many ways, just customer experiences that they're looking for, right? Customers of Venmo are looking for dollars and looking for an alternative to traditional mechanisms when dollars are flowing in. And they want to be able to use Venmo for all of their expenses.  Just to give you -- put some numbers behind it. There's $18 billion of net new funds that flow into the platform of Venmo every single month. 80% of those dollars leave within 10 days. That is just unacceptable.  And so our ability to provide the products and services that our customers need when those dollars come in, whether that's improving debit card penetration, which you've heard as a focus, and you've heard we already, in some of our onboarding flows, are starting to make significant improvements on; or providing other opportunities for money in or money out opportunities and access to capital for our Venmo users. This is just a clear opportunity and a clear focus area for us.  So again, early days. The team is focused on it. Hopefully, you hear sort of a reinvigoration in my voice of what Venmo can be and the opportunity ahead of us. But very, very excited about where we're taking it. 
James Chriss: Thank you, Bryan. Thanks for the question. So a couple of thoughts here that I think people are maybe not appreciating enough. The first is 60% of the market is still what I would consider to be nonconsumption. 60% of the market still does not use any mark. So that's what we're playing for.  We have the best brand. We have the best products and services and the best ability to be able to deliver. And with products like Fastlane not only delivering a reboarding opportunity for our customers, but that stat that I put in earlier, around 40% of unrecognized customers coming through and taking a Fastlane experience, now gives us an opportunity to be able to remarket to them and turn them into PayPal customers.  So step one, 60% of the market is nonconsumption, and I think we've got a leading opportunity there. On the other 40%, we're still the leading player. And to be, again, transparent and I've said this before, we have not delivered the innovation and the experience that I would expect and that our customers expect.  We are doing that now. Improvement in the app, an improvement in the branded experience, reducing latency by 50%. Investing in passwordless opportunities and passkeys will improve the conversion rate and improve the experience. And then creating value-added opportunities and an increased value proposition for our consumers with rewards. I think we're the only player out there at the scale that we have to provide that end-to-end experience.  And again, we provide everything for our customers. It's rewards. It's Buy Now, Pay Later. It's the debit experience. And back to what I mentioned earlier on the call, with an omnichannel play now, PayPal can be the solution that you can use anytime, anywhere.  So our ability to now start to play in an offline world and take the same brand and the same experience to every purchase, I think, is something that, again, gets me excited. But we've got to prove it, and we've got to continue to execute and create great experiences in the market for our customers. 
James Chriss: Yes. Thanks, James. Here's the best way to think about it. First and foremost, we have to have the best innovation in the market. We -- it was important for us to get some early customers up and running and using it. And the data continues to hold and certainly delight these merchants.  And look, in this world, they all talk to each other. And so the ability for our merchants to now be rabid fans of the checkout conversion improvement that they're seeing through Fastlane is great proof points for us as we now start to scale it, and again, think about price to value.  The second leg will be, okay, now that we've proven this out and we've started to really -- I mean, just to be clear, we're talking about driving conversion rate for some of the largest merchants in the world. We need to make sure that this was proven and that it works before we roll this out at scale. There's a lot on the line to be able to nail this, which is why we're moving at a measured pace and ensuring that, in Q1 and Q2, we've really proven it out.  The conversations we're having at our C360 conference right now, the conversations we're having with some of our PPCP platforms that are now rolling it out to small businesses, is okay, what is the way that, as we get to the second half of the year, we can really enable the merchants to have this up and running so that they can win the shopping season, holiday season in the back half of the year?  So that's how we're thinking about it. Merchant demand is very encouraging. As you would imagine, when you have a product that improves conversion rate and provides a double-digit lift in guest checkout conversion, that's a game-changer. And so demand is high. We want to make sure that we have as low friction and onboarding experience as possible, which is why we wanted to make sure that the ability for folks to upgrade to new integrations would make sense and be easy for them. And we wanted to make sure that customers could onboard.  So the plan is, back half of the year, get as many merchants on so that they can win the holiday season. This will still take time. Not everyone will get on for this holiday season, and we expect that will continue into 2025.  But at some point, there will be a tipping point. If I think about over the next year or 2 years, where we are going to expect all of our merchants to be on the latest and greatest integration, which includes Fastlane. And we will then move to deprecate our old integrations. And that's going to be an important milestone for us as we take what is really 15 years of legacy integrations and consolidate them on a more modern stack and a more modern integration for our customers. That allows us to continue to build innovation, continue to drive the best experiences for merchants, for customers, and obviously the best transaction margin results for the company as well. 
James Chriss: Yes. It is a combination. What I'd say is we're seeing Pay with Venmo really starting to take off. Obviously, it's -- in the U.S., it's an incredibly well-loved brand. And when people see that button, it's an opportunity for them to use those dollars that I mentioned earlier that are in their account. So that's an exciting piece online.  The piece that, again, I'm sort of dissatisfied with but excited about the future is the offline piece, right? When I talk about omnichannel, it's for PayPal and for Venmo. And so those billions of dollars that are coming in every month into the Venmo ecosystem, we have to continue to give our customers opportunities, whether it's debit card penetration or other innovation that we come up, with for them to be able to tap and pay and check out. And so all of that will move towards improving transaction margin.  That said, we're also getting better with our risk models and leveraging AI. We are -- there's a lot of AI conversations in the market. I would say we are one of the leaders when it comes to leveraging the data that we have at scale to improve our transaction losses, improve the customer service ability for our customers and improve our transaction margin over time.  So still, again, early days. There's a lot of work to continue there. But again, my excitement for the path and the direction for Venmo is pretty high. 
James Chriss: Fantastic. Thank you, Sarah. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As you can tell from our results and the comments today, we're making steady progress on our transformation efforts. We had a good first quarter, and we are deep in execution mode. And with time, we will return this company to profitable growth that I know we can deliver. So thank you all. 
Jamie Miller: I'll just walk you through the drivers for transaction margin growth during the quarter. We were happy with the positive growth progression. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've got a lot underway to really position the company for positive TM growth over time.  In the quarter, just to walk it a little bit, interest income on customer balances was the highest contributor. Branded checkout continued to grow profitably and was a nice contributor to our growth this quarter. We did benefit from leap day, but we also benefited from strength in large enterprise and international. We've been very focused this year on PSP profitability, and that will ramp over time, but it wasn't a meaningful contributor this quarter. And we just had small but I'd say steady ongoing product improvements in Venmo and P2P. So we saw some shifting there and better transaction and credit loss performance. And then lastly, to the last point of your question, we did see a smaller drag from the other smaller parts of the portfolio.  I don't know, Alex, do you want to talk through that a little bit. 
Jamie Miller: No, I think you've said it all. I really think Fastlane reinforces our holistic value prop, both for branded and for unbranded. And the focus on merchant checkout conversion, and that being at our core, I think, drives a strong value prop, and it will support strong pricing over time. 
Jamie Miller: So just to walk through a little bit of the first half, second half dynamics on transaction margin dollars. As I talked about before and you noted, I mean, Q1 in particular benefited from a few tailwinds. And we do expect those will be less meaningful as we move throughout the year.  First of all, the growth in our interest income on customer balances, it was the largest contributor. But when you start to look at later in the year, the comps just get more challenging. Rates are rising in the latter half of last year.  We also saw improvement in transaction loss and credit loss in the first quarter. Transaction loss in particular may not sustain -- or may not be as material as we move throughout the year. And we saw, as you pointed out, a meaningful benefit in loan losses in the first quarter, and we don't expect that to continue either.  So I'd say those few things are some of the dynamics. And then our initiatives and some of the new innovation that Alex talked about, it will take time to ramp. So right now, we're focused on execution. We want to keep expectations measured until we see really steady execution results. 
Jamie Miller: Yes. And you asked about branded as well. And when we look at that, we had a nice quarter in terms of TPV and revenue. It was a healthy contributor to our transaction margin dollars. We did have some benefit this quarter from leap day. But by and large, we expect branded revenue trends to be pretty consistent with last year as we look at that.  And I guess the other comment I might make is that, when you think about take rate for us, we saw a decent drop last year. We do expect take rate will come down again this year, but not nearly to the same extent. And a little bit of that as it comes through on the branded trend line is just that we're seeing a little bit of mixing towards large enterprise from SMB. And that's impacting the take rate side. 
Jamie Miller: Great. On the smaller parts of the portfolio, I guess what I'd say at a macro level, we had seen a pretty significant drag on that last year. It is coming through this year at a smaller rate. I mean, part of these are products we've deprecated. Some of these are, frankly, acquisitions that we just haven't invested in. And as Alex mentioned, we're going through a process of really looking hard at these.  Candidly, some are just in decline, but the declines are smaller. And some, we're investing in or making decisions to really put in more in maintenance mode, which is really shifting the profile going forward. But it will be smaller this year, and it will take a few years for that to burn off. 
Jamie Miller: So first, while PayPal is not directly impacted by that regulation, we are indirectly impacted through our revenue share with our consumer credit partner. There's a lot of uncertainty right now around both timing and implementation of that. And as I mentioned before, our guide excludes the impact of that, just given the uncertainty.  The industry expects that, if implemented, the impact would be largely offset over time. And we have been very focused on mitigation. We have actions underway. In -- but really, in any scenario, it takes time for those offsets to fully set in. But I guess what I'd say in terms of impact is the date that's being debated right now is the May 14 implementation date. And if that were to be implemented, it would be approximately a 3 percentage point impact to EPS growth for the year, but that is before mitigation. So by 2025, we would expect roughly half of that impact to be offset, and then more over time. 
