John Rainey: Sure, Tien-Tsin. I’ll start and Dan might want to jump in. Look, I’ll start with some context. We’re a data-driven business. And if you just look at the last year, we did almost 20 billion transactions on our platform. And each of those transactions has hundreds of signals about that transaction. What was the size of the transaction? What was the price point? Was it on a mobile device? It was at a repeat customer? Did it happen after a P2P transaction, and that informs our strategy. And we analyze that – and informs the strategy. We measure the results, and it creates this feedback that we then refine and pivot our strategies as well. And what we’ve been able see is that when we asses the strategy around trying to retain these very low engaged users versus of tempting to move people up maybe from the medium engaged user to the high engaged user group. The ladder is much more effective for us to focus on engagement. And I think it’s important to note, we are not a subscription model business, where there is a direct relationship between our net new actives and the amount of revenue. As I noted in my prepared remarks, there is a Pareto dynamic in our business where the vast majority of our volume comes from about third of our customers. And so we think that we need to pivot to evolve with the feedback that we’ve received and go achieve our medium-term guidance a different way than what we initially have laid out. But importantly, there is very encouraging signs that we see around engagement. And we’ve talked about some of those. But when we, for instance, add a – provide a separate product or service for a customer, and they are engaging with us in a different way. The ARPU for that customer increases appreciably. And so this is a pivot in our strategy. We think it’s appropriate for our business, but it does not mean that we don’t have confidence in our medium-term outlook as it relates to both revenue and earnings and free cash flow.
John Rainey: Sure. Well, we were pleased to see the sequential increase in take rate in the quarter versus the third quarter. And I do think it sort of underscores some of the strength in our business, particularly around pricing and also, as Dan noted, Venmo, quite excited to see that Venmo having achieved it’s roughly $900 million in revenue last year that’s starting to be a contributor to take rate. And we have been saying this for some time. We are glad to actually show the results. I don’t think it’s fair to assume, though, that Brian, that every quarter, we are going to see a sequential increase going forward. But it’s a step in the right direction. I think maybe a better way to think about take rate for this year is really looking at the factors that drove the year-over-year change. And of course, year-over-year take rate declined. But if you look at that decline of 17 basis points, roughly half of that was related to eBay. And certainly, that goes away as we get into the back half of the year. The other next largest contributor, which was about 4 basis points or 5 basis points related to that decline was a decrease in foreign exchange fees that we monetize on cross-border transactions. And so that sometimes goes up. So, if you look at like the core business, there is actually a very small change in what’s happening with take rate and so quite pleased about that. And I think it really – like when you also overlay on that, the pricing change that we made that contributed to that I think it underscores the value proposition and how that resonates with our customer base. We are seeing users becoming more loyal to brand ecosystems like ours. And look, when side-by-side given the choice to choose PayPal or other wallets, more than 50% of the time, people are choosing PayPal. And so this shows the strength of our business, the ubiquity, the network effect of it, and that’s translating into the effect on our take rate. And frankly, we are just pleased to see that we don’t have some of the noise that’s been persisting in that comparison over the last couple of years, and we will get into much cleaner compares in the back half of next year.
John Rainey: Sure, Jason. It’s good to speak with you. I appreciate the clarifying question. So look, any time you put out a longer-range plan over multiple years, it’s rarer than anyone ever assumes a business cycle in there and not that we are exactly going through the business cycle, but we are certainly seeing some macroeconomic pressures on our business that were not contemplated at the time that we did our guidance. So, you are correct in that we have confidence that we can achieve those growth rates of 20% revenue and 22% earnings growth in the out years beyond 2022. But because we have not done that in the first 2 years of that, you are correct, mathematically, that CAGR is much more – that compounded annual growth rate is much more challenging. But when you step back and you think about the core earnings power of the business, the core growth opportunities that we have, look, e-commerce is still going to grow. We are still seeing a pull forward around that. We are still seeing the increase in digital payments, the primacy of the digital wallet, all of these things benefit us. And I would say even benefit us even more because of the scale and brand that we have. And so we shouldn’t conflate like changes in real disposable income of people with digitization trends, which benefit our business. I would argue that our competitive positioning has never been stronger. And so we are very focused in 2023, ‘24 and ‘25 and demonstrating that we can achieve those growth rates.
John Rainey: Where to start? Well, maybe I will start with the first part of your question, David, on some of the structural changes and we covered this a little bit in a couple of questions, but we continue to see a movement, particularly in checkout or gravitation towards digital wallets versus other ways to pay. And in fact, in some studies, it would suggest that PayPal is second only to debit in front of credit in terms of preference from consumers. And as I noted earlier, like you are beginning to see more and more preference for brand ecosystems. And we think that’s only going to become more relevant as we go forward, which is part and parcel to why we are emphasizing our digital wallet strategy so much because when someone is using our app is using our digital wallet. They are much more likely to be engaged with us in other parts of our ecosystem, including offline transactions. And so all of these things, I think are structural changes related to the pandemic that getting the timing precisely correct on when we reach that, that pivot or that step function change is sometimes difficult. But I don’t think anyone would argue that we are continuing down that trend and it’s only been accelerated during the pandemic.
Dan Schulman: Maybe I’ll just add a couple of things onto John’s response. First of all, we did put on 122 million NNAs over the last 2 years, which is obviously substantially more than what our pre pandemic levels were. And within that, there are always a number that are low engaged or have done one transaction and nothing else. And we drove some programs, incentive-based programs to see if they would reengage and then engage back with the base. And what we found is that they were due one transaction and then fall dormant again. And so our view is spending money on lower-value NNAs that are not engaged in the base becomes an increasingly expensive proposition over time and does nothing for our revenue growth. In fact, this year, when we’re saying that we’re going to do $15 million to $20 million, it’s probably going to be about $20 million incremental one-and-done customers that roll off. That does nothing to our revenue that is actually just people coming out of the base that were never engaged. Over time, we feel like our NNAs are that revert more back to pre pandemic, which was in the $30 million to $40 million a year range. And could that change slightly? Could that be more as we go into more international penetration we’re seeing some very encouraging signs, as John said, with a digital wallet, where if somebody adds one more service to the digital wallet, their average revenue per active goes up by 25%. The average revenue per active of the digital wallet user is 2x that of a checkout only. And so we really feel like we are going to invest our dollars in the best way to drive our revenues and our earnings and in the most efficient way. So we have great confidence in the medium-term outlook. And this shift is one that doesn’t mean that we won’t bring on tens of millions of NNAs every quarter. It just means that we’re not going to throw marketing dollars at low-value subscribers coming in. And that, as John mentioned in his remarks, is a conscientious choice that we’re making.
Dan Schulman: Darrin, I think also if you uncouple the headline revenue numbers from our revenue numbers ex-eBay and look at it whether it would be in the fourth quarter 22% revenue growth ex-eBay, growing over 27% revenue growth ex-eBay from a year ago. And you look at that 2-year CAGR, it’s about 25% CAGR. You look in the first quarter, which is our low quarter of the year. And ex-eBay, we are growing revenues 13% on top of 38% revenue growth ex-eBay a year ago. Add the two up, you have got a 2-year CAGR of about 25% again. So, what I was saying in my remarks is that our business ex-eBay is remarkably consistent and our 2-year CAGRs are also remarkably consistent. And so we are lapping eBay, which goes away by the end of June as we go into the back half of the year, and we are also lapping our two strongest quarters of growth in the first and second quarter. And just as we look at the math of that and then on top of that, obviously, all the initiatives that we are doing, we see growth rates exceeding 20% plus as we exit the year. And I think if you look behind the headline numbers, you can see those numbers have maintained their strength quarter-over-quarter.
Dan Schulman: Yes. And I think I will just expand on one part of John’s remarks. I mean if you look at Venmo exiting the year with $250 million of revenues growing at 80% plus. I mean as we think about Venmo revenues this year, we can see that our revenue is growing another 50% plus as their average revenue per active continues to grow. And so I think when we look at a bunch of things that before, we are putting pressure on take rate. And now we are seeing the opposite of curve. I think that obviously bodes well at least on the pressure on take rate, if not the stabilization of it.
Dan Schulman: Lisa, there is sort of a little bit of inflation between end of pandemic and us entering into the eye of the eBay transition, which happened concurrently. So, coming out of that, you are lapping very strong growth quarters for us, and we are going into eBay and the pandemic is beginning to end. If people are conflating a lot of that, which is why I was trying to point out that the core business ex-eBay, has been pretty consistent as we have looked over the last several quarters. And clearly, the lapping is going to have an impact, although a lessening impact in the first half of this year until we move into the back half. I would say though the other big thing, Lisa, that we have talked about quite a number of times is sort of the ascendancy of digital wallets, of financial super apps in the – in checkout. There have been numerous studies. JPM just put out one payments, just put one out, where you are seeing digital wallets take increasing share at checkout. And clearly, there is no other digital wallet close to us in terms of scale, and there is overwhelming consumer preference for PayPal in those wallets. And our super app is showing extraordinarily promising early results. Now, we only rolled that out fully in the middle of October across all of iOS and Android, so we are three months or four months into it. But what are we seeing, we are seeing double the average revenue per active account when somebody uses our app versus just checkout. When somebody uses the app their propensity to churn is 25% less. The discoverability and first-time users of people coming into the app, crypto is up 40%, in-app donations are up 300%, people coming into our shopping tab is up 35%, people going from the shopping tab to merchants to shop is up over 700%. And so we are really encouraged by what we are seeing on the app. And by the way, the app, only about 50% of our base has the app right now. So, it still has quite a bit of ways to go to penetrate and we want to spend marketing dollars on moving people into that app. And inside the app, like things like bill pay, like you and I have talked about many times, we are seeing a 200% increase in first-time users there. We want to make sure that people can discover the services because every time they add another service, it grows ARPA by 25%. And so we are going to focus heavily on digital wallet. We are going to continue to focus on checkout because that checking out is the bread and butter of PayPal, and we have a best-in-class experience, and we feel there are numerous ways. We continue to improve that. We are going to increase buy now, pay later capabilities, which is on a tremendous role. And also move into a focused set of international markets from leveraging the LISC extension we just got in China for an incremental 5 years, leveraging off the Paidy acquisition in Japan and really looking at markets like Mexico and potentially Brazil to accelerate. So, a number of things that we are very focused on. And the final thing that I would say that John mentioned in his script and I did in mine as well is that we think that there is the opportunity for significant increased operating leverage, utilizing our scale and having our OpEx growth move back more towards normalized growth that we had pre-pandemic, which we think will help expand margins as we go forward. And that scale is clearly going to enable us to leverage improved unit economics going forward. And so those are kind of the operational changes where we are focused and why we have such confidence that as we go through the year, you will see acceleration of revenues and earnings improving at 20%.
Dan Schulman: Just add to it a couple of things. One, obviously, we feel like supply chain issues will work their way through. This actually is impacting quite profitable revenue streams for us like cross-border. When we look at export out of China, that’s double-digit negative, and it’s typically double-digit positive for us, and that will turn its way around going forward. So, we know some of these things are temporal and will change over time. But we wanted to be measured in the guidance that we put out for this year. And on the digital wallet, we put out a ton of new functionality out there. We are just started to ramp the high-yield savings product that we are introducing with Synchrony. That started at the end of January. We are aiming to be 100% ramped with that by the end of Q1, early Q2. We are – have quite a number of people on the waiting list for that. And we want to really spend a lot of our efforts this year, enhancing each of those various products and services to create best-in-class value propositions around every single one of them. I think we have a really comprehensive, good first step of our digital wallet. I think each of these areas can be linked better to each other. The value propositions can improve, we will add incremental features over time, but really our opportunity this year is expand our app penetration because we see what happens when that occurs. And then when people are in the app, introducing to more and more services because that has a tremendous amount of leverage in the business model.
Dan Schulman: Yes. I think this year, we are contemplating 50% plus revenue growth for Venmo on top of what it did this year. Obviously, they are continuing to add incremental services. Eventually, you are going to see Venmo have a lot of the capabilities that the PayPal super app has because that consumer base loves Venmo, or wants to live more and more of their financial life on the app. We have over 83 million people using Venmo right now in the United States. Think about that as a percentage of the population. Yes, it’s one like out of every 3.5 people in the U.S. is using Venmo right now. We obviously have plans to take that overseas. We are going to be rolling out Venmo with Amazon, with Starbucks, with DoorDash, I mean there are quite a number of very high-profile merchants that are going to be implementing pay with Venmo on top of all of the things that they did last year. And so we have got a lot of promise yet to go, as I mentioned. I feel like we are in the beginning stages of the monetization progress, team is executing extremely well against both their objectives, but really importantly, against the roadmap as well. And so I think you just continue to see Venmo grow. And by the way, when it grows, obviously, its ARPU grows and as I mentioned in my remarks, it starts to add to our ability to grow take rates certainly that adds to an upward pressure on take rate as opposed to a downward one. I think that was our final question. I do want to thank everybody for all of your great questions. We really appreciate it. Realize there is a lot of information that we put out today. We want to thank you for your time as well. And we look forward to speaking with all of you soon, and meeting with you in person. And again, thank you for your time. Take care, and bye-bye.
