Alex Chriss: Yeah. Thank you, Tien-Tsin, and good to hear from you. It's been exciting to come in. If I would be remiss if I didn't say it wasn't a surprise, but it's delighted me from an asset perspective. The first I'd highlight is our employee base. This is a tremendous team that is energized, has welcomed me to the team and is fired up to go tackle all the opportunities ahead of us. If I then think about the different components, I've been really impressed with all the different pieces that we have to deliver for our consumers. We have a ubiquitous platform that's globally recognized with PayPal. Venmo is a verb, and it's something that is tremendous in the U.S. and has opportunities beyond. If I think about all the different core problems that we can solve with the assets that we have for customers, Rewards, Buy Now Pay Later, cashback cards, all of those are tremendous and within our grasp. We just, as I mentioned earlier, just have to put them together into a core value proposition, and that's what the team is working towards right now. On the merchant side, again, we have tremendous penetration into small businesses and enterprises. We have a beachhead now with Braintree, which I'm really excited about. And I think we've earned the right now to expand margin and make sure that we're really pricing to value and ensuring that we're delivering what we need to across the board. And then, if I really think about the biggest surprise that I didn't realize before coming in is probably around the data. When we look at the data that we have across this two-sided network, it allows us to do things that I think others just can't. And when I think about how we can personalize branded checkout, how we can recognize people that checkout with our data and create an experience that is frictionless, that is personalized, that drives conversion for our merchants, I think we're just scratching the surface of the opportunity there. And so, that is a big opportunity that gets me very excited. In terms of opportunities where we have more work, I think you saw it with the Happy Returns divestiture. And what I would say overall is we have lots of opportunities, but we're doing too many things. We're spread too thin. And we have an opportunity to focus the organization on what matters the most, on the most impactful opportunities to customers and to growing the business, and we'll be looking at that over time.
Alex Chriss: Yeah. Thank you, Ramsey. I -- small businesses are a passion of mine. It has been for the last 19 years and it's very personal. I used to run a small business, and so it's in my DNA and something that not only is important to PayPal and has been in the past, it's really been the lifeblood of the organization. But it absolutely will be a priority going forward. When I think about small businesses in general, there's two really core customer challenges that the small businesses have. The first is getting customers and growing their business, and the second is managing cash flow. On the getting customer side, we have a tremendous opportunity with PPCP to help them convert customers, to find customers, to drive new customer acquisition and really help them over time. This is a data play. It's a ubiquity play. And with our two-sided network, it's where we're focused right now. Once we do that, I think we earn the right to expand into their second challenge of cash flow. Cash flow was all about money in, money out and access to capital. We play in all three of those areas. We just have to put together the assets that we have to be able to help small businesses, again, manage their cash flow in a way that helps them grow their business and get past any ups and downs in the market. So, very excited about small businesses going forward.
Alex Chriss: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. First, let me say, as I mentioned earlier, this is a growth company, and we are going to assess the focused priorities where we will invest in growth and we will make sure those are funded for success. And so, I think about that separately, then also being able to manage OpEx. On the expense side, we have an opportunity to continue to manage OpEx efficiently. We have a lot of acquisitions that we've done over the past few years. We have a lot of duplication and a lot of manual work that we have an opportunity to invest in automation. We have an opportunity to invest in a platform that allows us to build services that can be reused and leveraged across the organization, which will, again, as I mentioned earlier, actually accelerate us and speed the company up. So, I think about them differently. We will absolutely invest in growth and make sure that the levers that we have to continue to delight customers and grow the business are funded for success. And then, we will work on building a platform that drives automation and continues to drive down our cost base.
Alex Chriss: I just -- I want to underscore, I know I've -- I said it in the comments and I just want to underscore it again. We have every opportunity to drive profitable growth. It's just a focus that -- and a discipline that we will bring to the organization. And so, it will take time. There will be a sequential performance improvement over a number of quarters. But when we make it the focus of the organization, we have enough levers at our disposal to be able to deliver on that.
Alex Chriss: Yeah. Thank you, James, for the question. And it is pretty rare to be able to have an asset as powerful as Venmo. When something, again, becomes a verb in language is a tremendous demographic. And you saw with our launch of Venmo Teen, we continue to expand the opportunity set there. As you mentioned, we're in early stages with Amazon. That is going well and we expect that both from a customer demand perspective as well as a merchant demand perspective, we will continue to drive acceptance ubiquity for Venmo. I think that is very important for us as well as just driving additional services that our customers are demanding for the Venmo app. And so, again, we think about providing different services, expanding the opportunity for our customers to be delighted and use Venmo for all aspects of their spending and managing of money. I think we're just, again, scratching the surface of what's possible with an app that is clearly loved in the market and has created viral growth. So, very excited to accelerate investment there and see where we can take Venmo.
Alex Chriss: Great. Thank you, Krista. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Hopefully, you can see how serious we are about growing and improving PayPal across the board as quickly as possible. Before we close, I want to leave you with three thoughts. You've heard in my voice today, both the confidence that we will make this company excel and the determination to do it as quickly and thoroughly as possible. We have an excellent business, but it needs to execute better and with greater clarity and focus, and it will. We will impact the go-to-market strategy and financial focus of the company in ways that are immediately impactful. It won't happen overnight, but we will get PayPal to the kind of consistent growth profile we all expect. As I've said it already, but it bears repeating one last time, what I care about is profitable growth. That is going to be our true north and receive our total focus. I've spent my entire career focusing on making sure we delight our customers and solve their most critical problems, but we must ensure we serve all our stakeholders. And lastly, our employee base is fired up and motivated to win in the market. In addition, you can also expect us to add additional senior talent to our team, who I believe can help significantly accelerate our growth trajectory. We are future-proofing this business and we know what needs to be done. We are playing to win. In the weeks and months ahead, we are going to be moving with velocity to deliver for our customers and our business. I look forward to talking to you all on our next call in February and laying out our clear plan to win. Thank you, and have a great day.
