Dan Schulman: So, we are taking off our revenue guidance on an FX neutral basis and the reason we are doing that is there is a tremendous amount of secular tailwinds that we are seeing right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, seeing money digitizing is a big move to mobile, it is a big move to really online being sort of online payments and then pick up in stores or commerce is really just becoming commerce. I mean a great example of that is this was the best retail holiday season in five years, but you saw - in-store sales actually drop and online move up to almost 17%, 18% or so. And so as we look at these secular tailwinds behind us, we look at the performance of things like One Touch and its clear advantage that we have now in mobile and the scale we have the increased engagement we are seeing. New market opportunities frankly internationally that we are beginning to see and have a platform now that we can extend to many more markets of Venmo.  We see the beginning of monetization as we come into this year. And we are seeing the back of the year, the beginnings of some in-store volumes based on tokenization and our partnerships with both the network and financial institutions and then we've got a tremendous number of new partnerships, whether it be with Facebook, or Intuit or FI’s really around the world right now that is growing exponentially since we've announced our network agreement. So there are a host of reasons right now that our confidence has improved in terms of our top line growth rate and by the way that’s also lacking 200 million of Xoom. So think about that, as well as you think about kind of the revenue guidance we gave. So, we think they are good prospects ahead of us. We are very focused on those opportunities and we are comfortable with that guidance. John.
Dan Schulman: Bryan it’s Dan. I’ll take the first part of that and then I’ll wisely let John take the next part of it. So, let me just back up a little bit, as you know and everyone on the call knows credit is and will continue to be an important flywheel for us. Credit gives flexible payment option to both our margins and to consumers. It reduces card abandonment, it increases basket size for our merchants and consumers. When somebody uses credit they do two times the spend on our PayPal network than somebody who doesn't. When we do PayPal working capital on average those that we lend to, they see their sales go up 20% plus, and so it’s a tremendous flywheel for us.  It is a small part of a business and it’s likely to remain so as well. We don't need to chase growth here, we can be very responsible and who we lend to and how much we lend to them. And we have great amounts of data and really I think world class modeling around this. That said that is no reason really to use our balance sheet or the receivables and there are, as we've mentioned before, a lot of benefits of asset right. Obviously, we tie up a lot of our free cash flow in the receivables with free cash flow, for other capital allocation that we might do, we have reduced exposure, we still have a differentiated proposition that we would use our data and our modeling with our partner to bring back a differentiated proposition into our phase and there are very attractive economics to share.  And as we've seen right now, from people who are very interested in partnering with us, our portfolio is very effective. The size of our basement doesn't have credit and the ability to expand that is very attractive and the risk involving capabilities we have also very attractive, and so there are a lot of economics here to share and we believe that we can significantly reduce our risk exposure, but maintain strong economics for our business.  That is a working hypothesis as we are going through this. We are in the early process of looking through this right now because it is a very competitive process out there as people look to potentially partner with us, you know we look to make a decision as we digest and sort through all the different proposals that we’re seeing, that said very much likely to be a - if we go and how we do this exactly with the back half of 2017 event, but clearly there is a lot of demand, there is a lot of benefits for us moving towards asset light and we think as I mentioned you reduce risk and maintain strong economics for the business.
Dan Schulman: Let me try and jump the two questions in there. So let me start with the mobile and then I will go into the impact of some regulatory and change of administrations. Mobile, mobile is driving growth in the industry right now. I mean more half the sales that are going online are being driven by mobile. Mobile is blurring lines of distinction between in-store environment and online environments, where like commerce is just becoming commerce. And truthfully, mobile is the biggest competitive differentiator for us. If we think about mobile, the real problem that merchants have with mobile is that when a browser begins the shopping experience on mobile between 65% and 74% of the time there is card abandonment because it’s such a small screen, it’s difficult to put of the payment information in there et cetera. So with One Touch we have 87% conversion on mobile. 87%.  The next closest is 51%, the industry average is like 44%. So, we are at almost double the industry average in terms of the mobile experience that we see and mobile is exploring across the world, as well as I mentioned in terms of why did we take up our revenue guidance, pick it up because we see opportunity across the world and that’s predominantly driven by mobile. So, I had spent mobile to continue to fewer our growth. Remember one other thing I said in my remarks with over half of our active basis on mobile payment transaction is through the PayPal platform in the last 12 months, over 100 billion in the volume of 55% for the year. So expect that to, not particular what the growth rate will be one way or the other, but mobile is going to be a strong driver of growth and it’s a big differentiator for us.
Dan Schulman: I will start of a little bit and then you can jump in. So, like I say in terms of Venmo monetization pricing very little actually built into our guidance for 2017. We fully intend to rollout out Venmo, previous Venmo in a much broader basis in 2017. And we will see some impact in that, but really the big impact on that happens in 2018 and 2019. And so just see that and that’s, when we talk about feeling well positioned or profitable growth in 2017 and beyond it’s because what we're seeing right now are things that we clearly see here and now and we've got a ton of things that we think we can monetize and fully intend to go due, but let’s model them in more in the 2018 timeframes adhere and so not much is built into that. Not as much built into the customer choice piece of it, although I will say we’re pretty encouraged by the initial results that we’re seeing on choice.  We rolled that choice through all of North America, right now on the servicing piece of choice, as well as the on boarding of that, we are just beginning in checkout right now, but as John mentioned in his remarks from a cost perspective it is well within our expectations in terms of transaction expense and engagement, it is better than we expected in terms of engagement which by the way is not really surprising. If you give somebody the choice to pay, they become more engaged, the average price that they pay or the basket size that they have goes up, as well these are not surprising. We anticipated, but it’s nice to see those things starting to really happen in the market, but we have a ton of that built into our guidance as well that to me is more of a 2018, 2019 phenomenon.
Dan Schulman: It's Dan. I just want to thank everybody for joining us on the call. We know how busy all of you are and we look forward to seeing you at our investor conferences and talking to you on our next earnings call as well. So, thank you very much for your time.
John Rainey: Yes, Ashwin you cut out a little bit on the first part of your question. I will answer what I think you asked related to the transaction and loan losses, but I think I want to take the second part first because that’s the big story, and I think sub context probably worth repeating that we completely offset the transaction margin decline with the operating leverage that we have in business. And it’s not just one area of the business it’s really across the board. It’s probably hard to pass through our P&L and identify that because there is noise related to the year-over-year comparisons from separation, but this really covers every aspect of what we do, and what I would encourage you to think about all this is it’s not a one-time cost take-out opportunity. We are rewiring the way that we work, that we do business in a manner so that we can grow and scale at the rate that we've identified, but do it in a very efficient way.  So, whether it’s where our real estate footprint is or where we - how we buy things, how we market to customers even getting down to the very product development aspects of our business to do it in a way where we can roll our products in a much grander fashion rather than doing it in a sort of small products rollouts one country at a time. It’s changing the way that we operate. And this is not easy work to be clear. This is requiring us to be to really step back and reexamine ourselves, but I think you probably quickly see that cost performance is expected to continue when you look at our guidance in 2017 that enables us to keep our operating margin flat to growing.  With respect to the transaction expense and transactional loan losses growing, we did see an uptick in transaction expense on a unit basis by 4 basis points or 5 basis points during the quarter and that’s really related to the mix of our business, it’s a continuation of what you've seen in other quarters as some parts of our business are going faster than others that may carry higher transaction expense.
John Rainey: And Brian with respect to hedges, I said in my prepared remarks that we expect about 200 basis points of headwind in 2017 from foreign currency that’s actually net of the hedge position that we have. So, to fill in more detail on that in the quarter, in the fourth quarter we had a $50 million hedge gain. And you will see in our K that’s released here, in the next couple of weeks they had about 120 million of hedge gains for the year. That makes our current position today that’s about and where markets are today. That’s about what we are expecting for 2017.  I think maybe if there has been a moment to talk about our exposure because as you know more of our customers are international than here in the U.S. and a significant portion of our business is outside of the US. Just to use round numbers, as we said before, half of the revenue is outside of the U.S. and on a $12-ish billion base that $6 billion. Of that $6 billion about three quarters of it is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or that aren’t tied to the U.S. dollar. And so that gives us about $4 billion of the basket that we’re exposed to.  So you can do quick math and recognize that a 1% change in the U.S. dollar relative to the basket of currencies on our revenue basis for us is about $40 billion annually. So, we're pretty sensitive to those moments, which is why we hedge the way that we do. We do hedge though to mitigate earnings volatility, not necessarily revenue. So, if you work your way down from that 40 million for a 1% change and you take the transaction margin on that and then you overlay the operating expenses that we have that are denominated in other currencies, as well as they are hedged, then the impact to operating income is much less than that. And as you will see when we release our K, we were able to mute a lot of the impact of the currency movements in 2016 with that hedge position.
John Rainey: Sure. I’ll start and allow Bill to jump in if he chooses. We continue to see great performance out of the Braintree part of our platform And in particular it’s probably worth noting as we look at sequentially the year-over-year change in the third quarter compared to the year-over-year change in the fourth quarter, I highlighted in my prepared remarks that some of that was a result of Xoom and that for the same point in time in the fourth quarter of last year - of 2015 rather it was a quarter where we had exceptionally large growth for Braintree, which presented a more difficult comp. All that said Braintree is still growing very much in line with our expectations and continues to be a great and complimentary part of our platform. And as I cited in my earlier response to a Ashwin, part of the uptick and transaction expense is related to the mix of our portfolio specifically Braintree tends to be more card-based and as we’ve seen that growth that’s the transaction expense that’s for the fourth quarter. 
John Rainey: The only thing I would add to that is just because you are talking about lapping effect on some of that, what we’ve done with PayPal One Touch, we’ve demonstrated that we can role that out to millions of merchants and millions of consumers, without them having to make changes and so PayPal One Touch is the first in many generations and that’s a real competitive advantage for us that has others in the industry are out there trying to convince merchants to integrate new experience and things like that. We're just showing up and solving the problem for them without them having to do work.  So, as you think of about playing that forward, we expect as many generations of us continuing to improve mobile experience, and uniquely we can do that without merchants having to do work on their end because we control the foreign experience. So as Dan was commenting, we expect that to continue for because of the secular trend. We also think we have a better ability than to talking about everybody else in the industry to continue to iterate and improve on those experiences because we can push out more fully for the day and upgrade those experiences whereas other have cycle that will be many, many months long because merchants have to make changes on their end.
John Rainey: So we have 14 million of approximately 2 million users that are on One Touch already and that's happened really in the course of just over a year. So the adoption there is more rapidly than anything that PayPal ever put out and we see that adoption continuing. So, we think there is lot more left there in terms of the 40 million that have opted in to it versus the nearly 200 million total users that we have. Same on the margin side, we have more than half of the internet retailer at 500, accepting One Touch and costing 5 million of our 15 million merchants accepting it, but we have more growth left in that as well and we are working through those pretty rapidly.  So all that to say, we think there is great moment with One Touch, but we think that continued as we make that a level to more for our merchants and as more consumers get exposed to it. As Dan mentioned in his remarks, more than half of our active users have engaged in a mobile transaction with us and so we know there is going to be good demand as more, and more users get exposed to it.
John Rainey: Sure. And you are exactly correct Scott. We are not going to get in the habit of updating three year guidance every quarter. There is no change to the guidance that we provided previously last quarter.
Bill Ready: This is Bill. I would like to add to that that not only the Braintree business itself is doing well, the B0 [ph] API that really brings together the 100% share to check out the Braintree processes, as well as PayPal’s best experience including PayPal One Touch, and PayPal credit, all those things. We are seeing that really become a preferred way that merchants integrate to pay now and get access to the full breadth of our experiences. It’s a big part of our mobile first strategy and a big part of it is driving PayPal's presence in many of the most interesting new commerce experiences out there.  So, you heard us talk about what we are doing at interest buy buttons, Facebook messenger having commerce experiences for companies like Uber and others. Those things are all running through our Braintree platform. So we are seeing the strategy of Braintree and a 100% share of checkout, not only driving good great growth for our business, but getting our best experiences out there to more merchants to really interesting margins, really just to commerce experiences and available to our consumers as they encounter to those new commerce experience. So, we've been quite pleased with that and see that momentum continue to build in terms of Braintree as a key enabler of many of those interesting commerce experiences out there.
Bill Ready: Good point. Let me talk a little bit about the change in administration and how we think about it in terms of the impact in our business. I start off, of course it’s incredibly early days and there is a lot of talk about different things, but we are yet to see specifics around that. So, let's just talk about a couple of them because I know they are on your mind. From a regulatory perspective, obviously people are talking about changes and frank changes and potentially have CNTV [ph], is managed, but the first and most important thing is we are completely focused on being acquired with any and all regulatory environments that are out there.  We believe that what regulators want, what we want are completely aligned and we are investing a tremendous amount of resource, but from a development or platform human resource perspective to assure that we are at compliance as we possibly can be regardless about the regulatory environment shifts, it is not just here in the U.S. but obviously across the world. Second, within Dodd Frank, a lot of people talk about Durban. We feel Durban is very unlikely to be over turned. First of all, as bad conversions, is bad for small business, not good for consumers. The only people who benefit are big banks from that and there is a big lobby of people that we think tried very hard for Durbin, it need 16 votes in the Senate. They will return this is not a of lightning rod issue, for Democrats or Republicans and so we think it is very unlikely given everything else that’s going on at Durbin is overturned.  We've also pointed out as John mentioned, the great deal of our business is overseas, not impacted by the Durbin at all, the impact even if it wasn't overturned, it is probably a lot smaller than you might imagine and we work on our way through that, but we will - again I think it is very unlikely to be overturned. Tax is something people talk about and we obviously have a lot of our business that is overseas. I think net, net still very early days, we would probably see a small net benefit in some of the Braintree or other things that have been thrown around in terms of tax changes, but maybe a little bit less than others might see, given our current tax environment. If we are allowed to repatriate funds from offshore in a more tax efficient manner, that might make a big difference in the way we think about capital allocation, and so we think that will be made net positive. There is a lot of talk about protectionism of large percentage of our cross-border trade happens outside the U.S. It’s not impacted by any of this at all.  Our average selling price is $60. Think about that. Tariff only applied to goods and services over $800. So most of this is not going to apply to what we do on a day in and day out basis and in a rising interest rate environment plus a net benefit to our revenue and our net income, if we see that happen. So, all in there is likely a good net positive impact to our business based on the change in the administration, but again, very early days to see how it plays out and then we will report out to you as we learn more.
Bill Ready: And just on a couple of points on hedge and stock comp. If you look at hedge and currency impact in total in the fourth quarter, it had a rather immaterial impact on our overall results when you consider the offset that we have from other operating expenses - from operating expenses denominated in foreign currencies as well. That wasn't a big driver. With respect to stock comp, we had $127 million of share-based compensation in the quarter and that was relative to 90 last year, I think it’s important to point out that a couple of things related to that. One when we separate it from eBay we basically did a lifted shift with respect to our compensation programs and we change that in 2016 to make those compensation programs appropriate for PayPal.  And as part of that we change the vesting period related to our long-term compensation from four years previously to now 3 years. That element combined with just the natural increase in employees resulted in almost the entirety of that change year-over-year. I will say that we are a big believer in share-based compensation for our employees. We think get the alliance, their motivations without our shareholders, which we would all agree is a very good thing and if you look broadly across the industry stat and our comparables and you look at virtually any measure, take share-based compensation as a percent of revenue for example, we are in the lower quartile, the better quartile related to our peer group and there are various other ways you can look at that. We compare very favorably in all of them.
