John Steitz: Yeah, David, normally we have a weaker December with inventory corrections and I think that was a bit exaggerated at the end of 2011. So I think a bit of that is normal seasonality and we have the Chinese New Year kicking in relatively early. So we are still hoping for a bit of a boost in the first quarter here as customers restock. But I will add this David. We saw more emergency orders in the brominated flame retardant chain than I think I can recall in near-term history. So it’s just another asset to consider and there is a lot of destocking going on along in the chain.
John Steitz: Well, I would say overall where say six months ago, we thought very confident that we would have pretty high mid-teens year-over-year volume growth. I would say we have mitigated that a little bit, but year-over-year we still see volume growth in the 7% to 10% range in HPC. So we are starting out very strong in the first quarter. As we said sold out and second quarter, we will dip a little bit from that level. But generally, I mean, there is a lot of better seasonality there too because everyone is at least in North America and Europe preparing for the driving season. So we typically have stronger HPC volumes in the first quarter and that mitigates a little bit in the second quarter, but overall for the year we feel still very good about it.
John Steitz: The real driver for us has always been brominated flame retardants in our polymer’s business, no question about it. So typically we are talking about in the range of 2/3rds of our profitability on brominated flame retardants, but one thing I’d note for you is what we saw in bromine in the fourth quarter was reasonably healthy volumes, you know we talked about a 10% up year-over-year, down a bit sequentially. But when we saw that, we really took some aggressive steps, you know we had sales down sequentially 7% to 8%, but we did take production down over 20% and we brought our inventories down very healthily, so to give us a good position for 2012. But anyway, hopefully that frames up the various pieces for you. The biggest issue we had in the fourth quarter in polymers was by far mineral flame retardants with all of our, majority of our business being based in Europe and every time Italy or Berlusconi or Greece was mentioned, you know, we saw a decline in customer orders in that business. So the good news is we see volumes picking back up in the first quarter which is good.
John Steitz: Overall, our price environment has remained very healthy across the bromine chain. If you look at brominated flame retardants and I strip out the mix effects, our brominated flame retardant pricing improved sequentially 3% and up over 25% year-over-year. That’s a pretty significant driver for us. In clear brines, that’s in course fine chemistry, you know our pricing has remained pretty healthy there and we’re seeing some significant step up in volumes. So we will revisit that as we go forward, but overall very across bromine, brominated flame retardants and some of our advanced bromine derivatives remains very healthy from a pricing point of view. I say the biggest impact going forward in 2012 is the improvement brominated flame retardants beyond the first half and that’s going to be I’d say the most significant issue that they we are tracking from a pricing volume point of view.
John Steitz: You know we’ve always said it you know some of these new products extended out of full year would be in the $0.15 to $0.20 per share range. So our fine chemistry model is really working well, very proud of it and a lot of new opportunities coming in.
John Steitz: Mike. The derivatives from the flame retardants were running about 70%. The overall Bromine chain was pretty close to sold out, Mike. I would tell you the pick up in clear completion fluids our more controlled business is doing much better, second half was really strong for us. We mentioned some of the new products in food protection. And so our bromine chain was very tight, call it 98%, 95%.
John Steitz: Yeah. The, well, what I tried to indicate in our script was we’re going to keep an eye closely on inventory. So, we stay in line with customer demand. But we also believe that the fourth quarter 2011 bottomed up from profitability perspective and we’re taking that number up in the first quarter. So, that feels pretty good. So the impact of reducing production volumes in the brominated flame retardant chain was probably $10 million to $15 million of absorption issue for us in the fourth quarter of ’11. So we feel we got inventories in a good position right now.
John Steitz: Yeah, Mike we are just going to keep a real close eye on that. We feel really positive about it and we get a nice correction and political environment calms down a bit and we get on top, I mean those kind of volume trends all help the pricing environment.
John Steitz: Yeah, that's correct, yeah. There would be pricing across polymers probably up mid-single digit year-over-year excluding any mix effects.
John Steitz: Okay and then you have the fencings and all, BPA and a change in the volatility associated with it Jeff. So we always try to work to get that passed through. As we mentioned rare earths and metals and overtime that should really have no impact on the P&L.
John Steitz: Chlorine is pretty stable. We’re in bit of tailwinds situation network on natural gas. Natural gas consumption is based on production levels. But that could be a little bit of better, every buck is call it a nickel.
John Steitz: Really impact there. Though I will say that the mix really improved and as I have said this crude slate is getting more difficult to deal with. We’re seeing more heavy resist FCC catalyst sales than we did year ago.
John Steitz: Yeah, there is that seasonal impact Steve for sure. So we probably start to get little bit slower on FCC volumes but picking up through the course the summer spring season.
John Steitz: For the whole year, we think we can hold this margin. So, we had a really nice spike in the third quarter of longer term. To get our margins at that level is our real goal. But we feel pretty confident about holding onto the margin level of what we achieved in the fourth quarter.
John Steitz: Right. We have talked about that in the past and that impacts that business by 150, depending on the mix 150 to call 250 basis point margin this year. 
John Steitz: Yeah, yeah. That’s a good pick. Yeah, you are right. In fourth quarter 2011 volumes were down a bit. In the last quarter of ’10 there is a lot of, what I’d call, experimentation going on and we did sell some regenerated catalyst in FCC, which is a little bit unusual for us and that happened in fourth quarter of ’10. So the year-on-year volume comparison is a little bit awkward, if you will because of that, volume spike last year.
John Steitz: Yes, we do, yeah. I would call mid-single digit as well. So overall our volume outlook right now is reasonably healthy.
John Steitz: Yeah. The Fine Chemistry, [ag, intermediates] and the new materials was probably about 60% of the total 40% was clear brine’s mercury control and food safety. So hopefully I will give you a little feel there.
John Steitz: Yeah, because of the nature of those products, and we sell some products in gram quantities that could drive down the share for us, right? But I would say overall, projection, we will grow volumes in Fine Chemistry, the [SBU] and total year-over-year and we’re seeing a pretty strong tailwind right now in Clear Brine fluid’s activity, especially with the products slate we play into, deeper exploration and usage of heavier brines.
John Steitz: So, you know I would say the biggest volume driver for us was clearly mineral flame retardants and we saw a weaker back half, the half of October, we saw a weak November and really running on thins in December. As a matter of fact, I remember our biggest US customer, we actually had a delivery scheduled on a Saturday just giving an idea of inventory levels and it didn’t arrive till the following Monday and it shut our plant down. This was the raw material of entire shipments probably $30,000 or $40,000. So it just gives you a feel of how low our customer base is running their inventory levels to, but it’s just crazy. And it has the mineral flame retardant volumes have as I said, appear to be picking up now in the first quarter. In brominated we had a pretty good September so we talked about we are feeling pretty good going into the fourth quarter. We also saw it really slowdown in November which surprised us; a lot of destocking there. And as I mentioned, we saw more emergency orders and we can recall in near term history in December and volumes appear to be picking back up. So overall, we don't want to get carried away with our polymer view for the first quarter, but we believe our profit level will improve in the first quarter of ’12.
John Steitz: Yeah, let me take a crack at that Dimitry; but just to clarify, you know what Luke said is, we see a new base in the catalyst call it 80 million a quarter with one quarter of that is likely to pop-up for us, you know maybe in the heavier driving season, we don’t know if its going to be second quarter or third quarter you know at this point, but we see that and we believe we will grow our catalyst business, I mean we’re really clear about that. And margins, managing margins with raw materials and like you said rare earth is all part of that equation. : So, but we believe we can just summarize, and we’ve been to grow our Catalyst business 2012 and we’re positioning it for some exciting growth in 2013 and onward.
John Steitz: Yeah, so I think the overwriting point I like to make as year-over-year and sequentially for that matter in the fourth quarter, we had probably a 15 million in under-absorption in brominated flame retardants and it was probably in mineral flame retardants in the $5 million to $8 million range. So that gives you a feel, if it haven’t been for that we would have been right in the box of where our profitability was at the end of 2010. So it’s really, I would say we kind of had the luxury of two really strong businesses performing very, very well and we saw that midway through the quarter. And we decided to get more aggressive in terms of our inventory levels in the flame retardant chain and for that matter curatives and anti-oxidants.
John Steitz: Yeah, just to state, in brominated flame retardants, our sales sequentially were down about 7%. We took production down 20%. And we took inventories down between 15% and 20%.
John Steitz: In polymers, so, I mean it was, I thought, really good cash management and you saw some really strong cash generation from the company. So I mean that all has kind of played into trying to position ourselves you know, to grow a company in 2012.
John Steitz: Yeah, I mean, what we’re trying to do is a lot of these new, we talked about organometallics with TEA and MAO and TMA. This apply that all fall into that market for plastics as well as the LED and electronics chains and we’re doing some fairly significant debottlenecking so that we can make sure that we are ready to supply that growing demand going forward. So, that’s a big growth area for us. We’re excited about it and we want to make sure that we’ve got the capacity there to serve the customers that what they need around the globe.
John Steitz: As the general rule, that's a very broad statement but as a general rule, yes, its been very tight and we feel we need to take the steps to expand around the globe in addition to what we are doing in Korea and in addition to what we are doing in Saudi to be able to service the customers and be there with the solutions that they need and when they need it.
John Steitz: You know that all these things said when we run one of these campaigns for our curatives business it usually absorbs, call it $4 million to $5 million. So we’re continuing to manage inventories very tightly as we mentioned Aleksey. So broadly speaking, we view that our polymers business is going to pick up in the first quarter, but we're managing it very closely and we don't want anybody to get carried away with the expectation here, but we feel, we've have been through the worst in the fourth quarter.
Luke Kissam: From a JBC expansion, it will take JBC in the range of 120,000 met tons at JBC for running flat out.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, from a standpoint of what lithium is in the brine, PJ, it’s hard to tell until we get in there and actually start operating. We’ve got estimates based on what the brine is and we think that we’re going to have, what I would say is a commercially viable process and volume. You obviously can’t enter that market with too limited a volume where you can’t really have a real play to be consistent for your customer. So we wouldn’t be going in if we didn’t think we could have a commercial scale product there. And I think that when we look in at it, when we get both of them done, both sides done we would be in the range of 10% or so of the market. It is what we would hope to be able to capture from those lithium extraction technology we have today.
Luke Kissam: When I was talking about M&A, what I was looking at is some of our underperforming assets, so we have got some assets that we look at from time to time, are all these assets giving kind of returns that we need. And you know we want to surprise you guys with the fact that you are doing an evaluation today and maybe taking some actions. Well I want to highlight today that we have got that evaluation under way which should result in possible divestiture or shutdown some assets or consolidating and want to give you heads up on that.  We are still looking on the outlook for M&A that would be still be included within that Vision 2015, hadn’t pulled the trigger on anything, very meaningful today, but that don’t mean we haven’t been out there knocking on doors and looking and still think that’s a critical piece of our Vision 2015. 
Luke Kissam: Mineral flame retardant pricing in the fourth quarter held-in there pretty well. So it was roughly flat sequentially, up 4% to 5% year-over-year. We got the euro going down year-over-year. That impacts our translation on pricing. The general view in Europe is with volumes softening in the fourth quarter, pricing discipline was awfully good and now we are seeing volumes pick up. So overall we are hanging in there.
Luke Kissam: Jeff, let me give you a shot on that. I mean if you look at that from a dollar stand point, I understand it's the metals that our going to our catalyst business, moly and the nickel and the metals as well as the rare earths. So we talked in detail about rare earths, where that's going from the 140,000 in that time to 55,000 in that time.  The key on that is this going to be how the pricing in the contracts that we passed through that rare earths and the cost that we acquired rare earths for and what that spread does and how we are able to manage that. The metals for HPC does seem to be fairly stable John, across 2012. So we wouldn't see that, John. The other impact is where we’ve got our biggest volume of products would be due to a high rate in our mineral flame retardant business and there are limited numbers of suppliers there and we finalize on negotiation of those contracts and should have a little bit of headwind there but we are working to mitigate that and are trying to find a way to find some alternative sources that that will allow us to be better there. So from a volume standpoint I think it is 88 from a dollar standpoint we got the metals and the rare earths we talked about previously. 
Luke Kissam: Yeah, this is Luke. To give you a little bit of idea, if you look at mineral flame retardants, our volumes in mineral flame retardants in the fourth quarter will lower than the volumes that we saw in first quarter of 2009. So we had all time low from a volume standpoint in mineral flame retardants. Bromine like John said was up, but that’s a big volume over there; we’ve made a lot of volume in it and it was down to that level. So remember when we talked in the third quarter or in autumn we talked to you about how we have strengthened this business over the years taking these hard steps with pricing, with asset consolidations, with some efficiencies’ that we've got. I think the fourth quarter, we’re sitting here talking about how we had a sluggish quarter, if you really look overall from an Albemarle standpoint, it would have been the best quarter in the history of the company before 2011. So we had some real challenges that we have overcame and our hope that people understand what this means for the strength of our business. We’ve got strong business and we feel good about 2012; if we can get some help from that economy, in the second half we can grow this business; but it is going to be the second half here in 2012.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, and in our plant here in Baton Rouge where we make our active Cat line of products, which is a total catalyst solution for polyolefin producers. We expanded that plant during the downturn and it was sold out almost immediately. So that’s an additional debottlenecking we’re doing here right in town.
Luke Kissam: This is Luke. We do not fore say what we’re going to have any situation where we are capacity constrained. There are some debottlenecks that we can do, we’ve expanded some wells in Magnolia, that will becoming online and we feel great about the capacity that we need to be able to service it and when we bring it online there is going to be a lot of questions about this. So when we bring that capacity in Jordan online remember we’re going to bring it on an as needed to meet the demand that we see out there. Its not such that we've got a habit of running a 100% on day one, we will be very good at storage of that bromine and bringing online as needed. So I don’t say we’re in under supply in the short term or an over supply in the long term.
