Luther C. Kissam, IV: Welcome everyone to Albermarle’s second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you’ll find out press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the investor’s section at www.Albermarle.com. Joining me on the call today are [Lu] Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; John Steitz, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer.  As a reminder, some of the matters discussed during this conference call and webcast may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Also, to the extent we discuss any non-GAAP financial measures, you will find reconciliations in our press release which is posted on our website at www.Albermarle.com. With that I’ll turn the call over to [Lu].
Luther C. Kissam, IV: We talked about it the last time we’re working on a new technology that could be a game changer for us in terms of cost, if we can get it to the cost place where we need to be. We’re conducting those experiments in the lab in pilot scale and as always we’re finding a little bit of problems that we weren’t quite sure about but we’re working through those and we’re making nice progress and I think we’re still on track for getting to the market in that 2014/2015 time frame that we’ve talked about.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: I haven’t heard any update from the case that was filed against the EPA on the regulations related to mercury removal so the status hasn’t changed since the first quarter and I think there’s some uncertainty whether that will push the implementation time back some for the implementation of those regs. China still seems to be, as we talked in the first quarter, where they have been testing different products and understanding mercury emissions from the coal power plant. That’s obviously the biggest opportunity and we haven’t seen a change in that. Over the next 12 months while I would expect to still see moderate growth I don’t think you’re going to see any kind of step out until you get federal regulations being implemented as well as regulations in China being implemented so it may be pushed back a little bit but nothing has fundamentally changed from where we were on the last call.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: That’s a really interesting question given the US court systems. I would anticipate that the US would open up sooner and I think with China you have to see what the next five year plan is and if they make that a priority or not. It would seem to me all indications are that they would but I still think the US will beat them by a little bit.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: What I said about acquisitions is there are opportunities out there, multiples are high and there are a lot of bidders. So again, as I said at the investor day while we’ll be looking for acquisitions we certainly are out there in the market place doing it, they’re difficult to do. We’ve got to make sure we do the right one and I’d much rather be on this call in 2016 explaining why we fell short in doubling the business because we didn’t do an acquisition than on this call explaining why we did a bad acquisition. We’re going to remain diligent in looking for opportunities to return value to our shareholders but we’re not going to reach to try and do a bad deal.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: The derivatives if you look at our performance chemicals they’d have been operating at higher rates than that and if you look at brominated flame retardants they would have been operating at a lower rate than that but you’ve got to really look – you’ve got to understand it product-by-product almost so when John talked about tetrabrome volumes being down, when tetrabrome is not running hard which we didn’t, it has a fairly significant impact on those operating rates so we were down below that for overall brominated flame retardants but tetrabrome was the leader in that.Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: When you think about your confidence in the outlook that electronics stays sort of flat versus let’s say getting worse, can you give us a feel are your customers telling you that or are inventory levels fairly lean that give you some confidence there? Given where some of the semis have reported it seems like a bold forecast so far.
Luther C. Kissam, IV: Let me start and then I’m going to turn it over to John. In our business it is exceptionally difficult to talk about price and volume and that mix, that mixes impact on volume. If you look at for instance in fine chemistry, even within fine chemistry we can have a clear brine which is a high volume can move the volume one way or not but we’re also selling fine chemistry service which is for a lot of money per kilo or a lot of money per gram so it’s not as meaningful as you have in certain commodities where you have similar types of volumes and that.  In polymer solutions where you’ve got mineral flame retardants with a much higher volume than brominated flame retardants with a much higher volume than brominated flame retardants but brominated flame retardants is more profitable. It’s the same thing in catalyst but with that John will give it a shot.
Scott A. Tozier: In light of the current environment, we are pleased to have delivered first half financial results that show improved earnings generation and profitability levels year-over-year with operating profits and EBITDA excluding specialty items up low single digits and profitability as measured by EBITDA margins up 244 basis points to 26.4%.  Let me start by highlighting a few P&L items. R&D expense is up 6% year-over-year through the first half of the year reflecting our investment in organic growth opportunities including the strategic adjacency initiatives we have outlined as part of Vision 2015. As a percent of revenue, R&D costs were up 25 basis points to 2.9% versus 2.6% for the comparable period in 2011. Through six months, SG&A expense is down slightly on a year-over-year basis principally driven by lower personal related costs and sales commissions. Year-to-date as a percentage of sales these costs are up slightly by 28 basis points to 11.1%. Pension expense has risen over $5 million year-to-date on a year-over-year basis due to a decline in the discount rate used to measure our pension obligations and lower than forecasted asset performance in 2011. We continue to expect pension expenses to rise roughly $20 million on an annualized basis this year as we have noted throughout the year. However, our funded status remains quite strong, nearly 100% and we do not expect to need to make any meaningful cash contributes to our plans until 2014 at the earliest.  Our effective tax rate for the quarter excluding specials was 26% up 430 basis points compared with the year ago rate of 21.7% driven primarily by increased profitability at higher tax rate countries, most notably in the US, and changes in tax regulations. At this time we continue to expect our full year rate excluding specials to be around 25.7%.  Finally, from a foreign exchange standpoint we estimate that year-to-date the strengthening of the dollar primarily against the Euro has resulted in approximately a $15 million lower revenue and $2 million lower operating profits. If it persists near current levels through the end of 2012 we estimate that the second half impact would be on the order of approximately $35 million lower revenue and $5 million lower operating profit.  Although EBITDA excluding special items grew during the quarter, cash generation slowed due to higher working capital levels. Specifically net working capital rose $55 million during the quarter and is up $94 million versus yearend or 18% due to higher inventory levels built in anticipation of increased market demand and plant shutdowns due to turnaround and cap ex projects particularly in HPC catalyst and flame retardants. We also saw higher accounts receivable levels given our strong June sales.  Net working capital was 21% of revenue at quarter end down 155 basis points year-over-year but up 358 basis points from year end. With our expectations for second half recovery having been revised we will tightly manage inventory levels through the balance of the year to reflect end market realities. This may result in some decree of lower factory utilization vis-à-vis our prior second half expectations.  Receivables remain good quality with our past dues at only 8% and of note, our European customers are paying on time with no indication that this trend will change. Overall, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape with net debt of $274 million excluding $19 million in non-guaranteed debt from our JBC joint venture. This is up $58 million quarter-over-quarter mainly due to the higher working capital.  Net debt to EBITDA ended the period at only .4 times and net debt to cap was 14%. Our strong cash and low leverage continue to give us options and tremendous flexibility as we work towards Vision 2015. Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations adding back pension and close retirement contributions and subtracting capital expenditures was $63 million through the first six months excluding special items, down $71 million year-over-year due to a combination of the higher working capital and higher cap ex.  Specifically cash from operations to date of $190 million is down $12 million year-over-year or 6% mainly due to higher working capital spending. While cap ex to date of $127 million is up $59 million year-over-year reflecting continued investment in the major strategic projects we’ve commenced in South Korea, Jordan and here in the US. With the delayed third phase of the Jordanian expansion, we now expect cap ex to be approximately $275 million for 2012 with roughly $75 million attributable to that expansion.  Finally, we made $18 million in dividend payments during the quarter, up 19% year-over-year and completed $14 million in share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Lorin for Q&A.
Scott A. Tozier: This is related to our overall production levels within JBC being lower on a year-over-year basis. Remember last year we had a record first half production and obviously this year we’re still coming out of that trough and as a result of that the minority interest that goes to our equity partner is lower than prior year.
Scott A. Tozier: Let me take a crack at that and also just add a little commentary about our raw material and energy situation today. In 2012 compared to 2011 we’re seeing roughly about $105 million of raw material and energy decreases. About $10 million of that is energy, natural gas and utility related, another $85 of that is metals and rare earth. So it’s earth, moly, cobalt and nickel and then you have the balances is about $10 which is all petrochemical, benzene, phenol related. Hopefully that kind of corrals it for you. It’s not as great for us as it would seem right now. But to your question though, when I look at, and everybody has an opinion on that but when I look at the book-to-bill ratio in electronics being reasonable steady and then when I look at The Bishop Index which is a confidence index it has gone down dramatically so my view is that there is a fair amount of destocking going on also in our supply chain to answer your question. So I don’t think it’s as much raw material related as more just confidence and uncertainty.
Scott A. Tozier: Our mercury control business right now is still a very niche business. Our volumes are up both year-over-year and sequentially low double digit so it’s doing pretty well and it’s still though in those states that have regulations around mercury levels. We’re still hopeful over the long haul that it will grow but as you know there’s a lot of pressure on coal and coal production is down dramatically so we’ve got to keep a close eye on it. The fascinating thing to me is it’s such a cost effective economical solution for these utilities and so we’re continuing to work that side of it long term.
Scott A. Tozier: Right now for between first quarter and second quarter we’re holding our expectation on that accrual at target so really limited change in that outlook.
Scott A. Tozier: Corporate expense should be probably back in the low 20 range so I’d call it $20 to $22 million. Then I would expect SG&A to be in that $80 to $82 million range for the third and fourth quarter.
John M. Steitz: I think to answer your question, no. I think our particular situation if you compare it to last year, we had a number of large customers who had significant down time and that really affected our volumes last year. So we’re seeing now positive trends year-over-year for certain and normal seasonal sequential improvements as well. I think the overall market is being aided a bit by this ethanol situation related corn too. I think there’s a higher amount of gasoline and diesel from petroleum basis rather than a lot of the ethanol that had been used previously.
John M. Steitz: Really if you look at the decline both sequentially and year-over-year it’s really all HPC. With HPC we had a unique set of circumstances. We had metal prices declining, that was part of it. We had an exceptionally profitable order go out in the second quarter of last year so mix was a bit of an issue for us and then we had volume declines year-over-year. We also had a pretty good size order slip because of some bureaucratic issues in the Middle East, slipped into July. But it is really all HPC.  Now, FCC we did have rare earth indexing on the pricing impact and my guess is that’s between $10 and $15 million of year-over-year declines so hopefully that kind of frames it up for you. But, overall we’re very pleased with the margin holding up at 29% plus so that was very positive and I think positions us well for the future.
John M. Steitz: Yes, I’d say that all three businesses in our catalyst portfolio have comparable margins at this point.
John M. Steitz: Pricing in China is down a bit compared to where it was last year. Our elemental bromine pricing is heading very steady around $4,000 a ton so again, I think we’re positioned when we see some volume improvement across the portfolio. In clear brines we’ve had some really nice traction in terms of pricing. Year-over-year pricing is up by 14% and sequentially about 10% so once again positioned very well for continued improvement.
John M. Steitz: Stabilizers and curatives, I think we’re in a really good position on curatives. If you look at the business sequentially volumes were up sequentially about 10% which is a good sign. I think we went through a fair amount of destocking in additives in the back half of last year so we always had a view that we could grow the business year-over-year this year in both stabilizers and curatives and that’s still our projection it hasn’t changed. So I think we’re pretty well positioned there and have worked through the destocking issues of the back half of last year.
John M. Steitz: Oh, I thought one of the real bright spots was our fine chemistry services business and especially custom services so I think they’re very equally proportioned this quarter.
John M. Steitz: That’s dead on. We saw sequential improvement but it’s still a ways away from some of the record sales levels we’ve had and so you’re dead on there.  
John M. Steitz: I was just going to say that I think that positions us very well for the long term especially with the global diversity of that business.
John M. Steitz: I’m just going to add a couple of things. We’ve got a biodiesel refill next year and we’ve just landed a order for some new technology for a new refinery that helps avoid the use of HF through catalysts. This is in Asia and it’s a big order and we’re really excited about it. I really think, just to reinforce what [Lu] said, 2014 can be a step out year for us.
John M. Steitz: I think it’s more important to think sequentially but if you want some year-over-year numbers I’ll try to go into that but I’ll try and answer your question very quickly. Fine chemicals unit volume was actually up in the 5% to 6% range.
John M. Steitz: Sequentially, right. Performance chemicals was kind of an important driver there with more improved volumes in clear brines. We had our intermediates business as I said was reasonably strong too in the second quarter compared to the first. That was also aided by the mix with our custom services business some of which as [Lu] pointed out have very little unit volume so it was aided by that mix. In polymers you know you had actual unit volume up about 4% but what’s interesting is if I strip out phosphorous flame retardants out of that equation our unit volume was actually up about 6% so it’s not as bad as it seems alright. That was aided by mix because compared to the first quarter our bromine business, as I mentioned in terms of pricing held in there pretty well. In catalyst volumes sequentially were down a bit and that was all HPC so that has both a mix and an actual unit volume impact because FCC was up sequentially about 4% or 5%. Hopefully, that kind of frames it up for you. Performance catalyst solution was roughly flat up nicely year-over-year. 
John M. Steitz: Brominated flame retardants were up a little bit sequentially which was we think pretty good. It was down year-over-year pretty significantly. Last year in the first half I mean, it was really overheated in my opinion. We were selling at record volumes and producing at record volumes but on the encouraging side both sequentially and year-over-year brominated flame retardant pricing for the whole portfolio was up 10%.  In mineral flame retardants it was roughly flat year-over-year but volumes were up by 5% sequentially. Pricing was down in that business but mostly euro related. There has been a lot of stability in our two key product lines here in our polymers business in terms of pricing. As I mentioned the phosphorous flame retardants getting that out of the portfolio will be a nice upside for us for next year and that volume by the way was down pretty significantly year-over-year as we exit that enterprise. Stabilizers and curatives pricing flat up a little bit year-over-year so it’s flat sequentially up a little bit year-over-year and volumes were roughly flat year-over-year but up nicely about 10% sequentially. Hopefully that gives you a little bit of flavor for it.
John M. Steitz: No, I really don’t. You work at such an intimate relationship between the supplier and customer on this basis. Pricing is very unique to the application. We’ve done a fair amount of licensing with some of the majors to expand our portfolio and then to expand into the high purity metal organics is a perfect adjacency for us. That pricing by the way, is priced on a per gram basis not a per kilo basis. As that market really picks up and this LED market really grows I think we’re going to be in a really good position. The last thing I’d say about that LED market is the pricing for the end products has come down so dramatically I think we’ll begin to see a lot more volume growth globally in that business. So I think with Korea coming up we’ll be really well positioned for it.
John M. Steitz: To me, and you know these indices awfully well, the book-to-bill ratio has held in there but that confidence index has gone down and this is a product line where a customer is pretty comfortable with the supply chains around the world so they can fairly dramatically increase their off take if they need and so intends to be I’d say more volatile than most of our other businesses. I believe that there’s been a lot of destocking this year as opposed to last year at this time where there could have been a fair amount of overstocking if you will.Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: How confident are you that destocking has run its course? Your outlook for polymer solutions in general is for flattening out or plateau but historically that business has been kind of up a lot or down.
John M. Steitz: A great question, in the last quarter we saw about $12 to $15 million in decline in the second quarter. We’re probably looking somewhere in the $7 to $10 million decline in the third quarter but we’re working to offset that by other cost reduction activities, base price increases, really based on performance and overall lowering the rare earth percentages in our formulations. So with that we really hope we can moderate any additional profit hit this year and really set the stage for a robust 2013 so we’re excited about that.
John M. Steitz: FCC last year in the first half we had a couple of major customers who were operating at really, really low rates, they were really struggling both on the east coast and in the southwest. It really hurt our volumes last year at this time. With that said, the obvious suspects in terms of your question still exist, Europe continues to be slow but it’s offset with some growth in India and the Middle East and then, this might be a little bit surprising but our Asian customer base continues to do quite well as they continue to build their petrochemical based business. So our higher propylene yield catalyst in FCC continued to do pretty well.
