Luke C. Kissam: Hey. Thanks, Scott. As we look to the rest of 2018, Lithium remains on an aggressive path to deliver at least 20% adjusted EBITDA growth during 2018. We expect second quarter Lithium second quarter EBITDA to be sequentially stronger than Q1. Further, we anticipate the second half of 2018 that is fairly equal to the first half of Lithium, with Q3 possibly weaker than Q4 due to downtime needed for the La Negra tie-ins. In Catalysts, we continue to expect good EBITDA growth in our Refining Solutions business. However, curatives is expected to face pressure as a result of raw material challenges, which could unfavorably impact EBITDA by as much as $10 million for the full year. As a result, we expect full-year adjusted EBITDA growth for the Catalysts segment to moderate to the mid-single digits. The favorable market trends in flame retardants are anticipated to continue in Bromine Specialties. And with the exception of the first half capacity constraints for elemental bromine and some derivatives, our plants continue to run very well. Pricing and operational efficiencies are currently expected to offset higher cost for raw materials, freight and distribution. We now expect full-year adjusted EBITDA growth in the low- to mid-single digits on a percentage basis. The upside in Bromine Specialties is expected to offset the headwinds in the curative portion of Catalysts. From a longer-term perspective, we believe that Albemarle stock is currently undervalued. Hence, subject to market conditions, we intend to buy back $250 million of stock via an accelerated share repurchase program that was recently approved by our board. After completion of that program, approximately 10 million shares would remain under our current authorization, leaving ample headroom should we deem additional action to be warranted. The strength of our balance sheet, combined with the operating cash flow from our businesses, give us the confidence that we can take this action, execute our capital projects, maintain our long-term debt-to-EBITDA ratios, and still have plenty of firepower leftover. In fact, absent any further corporate actions such as M&A or additional stock buybacks, we would expect to end 2018 at a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 1 times. Given all of this, for the full-year 2018, we now expect adjusted EPS to be between $5.10 and $5.40. I am confident that Albemarle is well-positioned to maximize shareholder value in the short-, medium-, and long-term. We have a clear and straightforward strategy, grow our Lithium franchise, leverage our strong cash flow from Bromine and Catalysts, and deliver strong margins and returns on our capital growth investments. We believe we have the people, the balance sheet flexibility, and the focus on execution to drive strong and profitable growth over the foreseeable future.
Luke C. Kissam: Sure. This is Luke. As we've talked about how each piece of this puzzle fits together, we need the free cash flows from the Bromine and Catalysts business to be able to find the capital that we see in the growth of Lithium. Lithium today doesn't free cash flow in and of itself with the investments that we have. So we look at it and all those pieces fit together. Now, there'll be a point in time in the future where we'll continually assess that portfolio to determine if that is the best path to drive shareholder value. We've not hesitated to make portfolio adjustments when we thought we could drive higher shareholder value by doing so, and we would continue that assessment on an ongoing basis.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. And if you look at consolidation, I think that there's a lot of noise out there in the marketplace about consolidations up and down the value chain. And I think that just gives a signal to how tight it is and how people are scrambling to get the supply that they need in order to make their commitments throughout the chain. So we're consistently looking and we believe we sit on the best resources in the world in Salar de Atacama and in our site in Western Australia. We have untapped resources in Kings Mountain, North Carolina as well as an option for resources in Argentina. We feel great about where we are from the geographic diversity as well as the brine and rock balance, where we can go carbonate or hydroxide as the market dictates. So I think you're going to see continual discussion out there in the marketplace about suppliers lining up with our customers and their raw material suppliers. But we love the spot we're in with our resources and with our customer contacts. So we feel like we're partnered in the right area. And if those decisions should change and there would be an opportunity, as I've said before, our balance sheet gives us plenty of firepower to take actions that could strengthen even further our portfolio in Lithium business.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. From a Lithium margin standpoint, we still believe that full year we'll be above 40% from a margin standpoint. We've not laid out what the costs are in that third quarter, but we have an opportunity to come in and make tie-ins for that site overall that we're going to need to do at some point in time. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're going to be able to pump at full rates in the fourth quarter. We think it makes sense for us to go ahead and make this tie-in now, so that whenever that brine we start pumping at full rates, those ponds get filled up, we won't have to do it later during 2019 or 2020 when we'll have the full brine. So we believe it's prudent to do that. It's just a movement between quarters. It's not going to impact the year in any way, but it could make third quarter weaker than the fourth quarter. So, that's why we brought it up and let you guys know about it, Vincent.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. Philosophically, we've kept the same approach that we have on contracts, the bigger difference is, it's a whole lot more volume.
Luke C. Kissam: So, Silvio gave you the detailed answer. At a high level, any time there's a regulation that tightens up the specifications from a diesel standpoint, it benefits the hydrotreating part of our business. So we would expect that to be positive news for our HPC business and clean fuels.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So, if you look at that business, historically, both of those businesses, we've been able to run those businesses between 4% and 6% of revenue as a CapEx. Sometimes it pops up below, sometimes it pops down below. We always have small projects to de-bottleneck or something that will allow us to get a little extra yield, that our cost improvement projects will really pay back. And we're certainly continuing to do that. And we'll continue to invest in those businesses to allow them to maintain their competitive edge. There'll be de-bottlenecks that are necessary. There'll be new wells drilled and (32:13) that are necessary. There'll be additional FCC capacity that we may need to bring online or some de-bottlenecks to be able to serve our customers. So we're going to continue to do that to keep those businesses strong because they're great businesses with good EBITDA margins, but we're blessed in the fact that they have high margins, low capital requirements, and we're able to harvest that cash and put it in our organic growth of Lithium.
Luke C. Kissam: In terms of the marketplace and the differences between carbonate and hydroxide, hydroxide has always been sold at a higher price, given the cost build-up of hydroxide versus carbonate. Certainly, around the world, as different producers are going into new resources, the cost structure of their products will change. Because every natural resource around the world is different, the cost to mine, the cost to extract, the cost to write (37:15), to refine and the cost to make a specialty product is going to vary. So, looking back in terms of historical norms is a little bit faulty as we go forward and we're bringing on more and more capacity. I don't think that there's going to be any kind of – I don't know if you're alluding to the contraction in terms of hydroxide and carbonate price. We certainly don't see it. And again, our pricing models are based on pricing to value, and also pricing to the specific terms and conditions in terms of our long-term agreements.
Luke C. Kissam: No. It's not changed. What you're seeing, we're higher in the first quarter, but as you go through the year, it'll be lower on a year-over-year comparison. So we'll end the year about where we thought we would.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. It's about the same number of customers from a material stand – there have been definitely new entrants into that cathode production. We're dealing with the big players and it hasn't changed over the last 12 months.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. It's all of the math. As a general rule, we haven't seen a customer who's not saying we don't want what we've committed. All our customers are saying we want more.
Luke C. Kissam: I think we lost, Jasmine. I don't know whether or not you may want to go into the next question. Maybe just add him (40:49).
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. It's around 800,000 metric tons, I mean, I can't – within the range of what it is, don't read anything into that at all, okay? Our range is around 800,000 metric tons. And all I can tell you is, if we do it in another year when we come out with these numbers, it'll be different because then what we're so early in the S-curve and it's so early in the adoption that we're giving the information that we have on page 7 of our presentation, so that every shareholder and every analyst understands what's in our numbers, so that you can make your own judgment as to where we are. We believe we're taking the best approach we can, but don't split words or add or over or about or any of that. It's just that's the range that we think it's going to be and there's nothing to be read into that.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, if you look out to 2021, we've said, and you look at the presentation on page 6 of our earnings deck, you'll see we're at about 85,000 met tons of carbonate and about 80,000 met tons of hydroxide by 2021. So, that gives us – we're very well balanced on hydroxide and carbonate. The contracts specify how much carbonate they want and how much hydroxide they want. So, once they do that, you have to able to do that for planning purposes, because if you're going to build a carbonate plant versus build a hydroxide plant, you need to know in advance. So we're trying to build in some flexibility there. But the customers, they're planning for models that are going to be three and five years out. So they have a good visibility for that period of time, whether they're going to use carbonate or hydroxide. And they don't have a problem in telling us for that amount of time what they expect their demand is going to be for the specific product.
Luke C. Kissam: As I said, it's generally the same customers that are extending their contracts. There may be one or two new ones around the edge. But, as a general rule, it's the same customers.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. We're meeting the metrics that we anticipated meeting. It's going well. And we still believe that that's a viable project and we'll continue pursuing it.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi, Dylan. This is John Mitchell. Yes. So, for the second half of the year, I mean, we have baked into the second half what we think we have in terms of production. And also, on the pricing side, our guidance hasn't changed with regard to full-year price effect of the high-single-digit pricing. As we see more capacity coming online, we can adjust our expectations and guidance going forward.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. So, in terms of the product mix, most of our incremental additional volume is on the carbonate side. But I think the difference in pricing philosophy between the different lithium companies is really what's driving differences in pricing guidance. Again, our focus on long-term contracts, we have certainly clear visibility in terms of the value of the products that we're selling to customers. We want to make sure we're taking a fair and balanced approach with our customers, who are the leading cathode and battery producers of the world. And we are fixated on making sure that we have an excellent risk-adjusted return on our investments. And so our pricing guidance is essentially what's baked into our long-term agreement. So we have good visibility in terms of our approach to pricing. The other benefit in terms of our approach is that we don't see risk in terms of pricing going down. So we have good visibility in terms of stability of the pricing. And we do not expect our prices to be volatile in terms of going down versus others in the lithium space have a different approach in terms of maybe trying to play spot market pricing and other ways to look at pricing in the market.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Great question. In 2018, I'd say actually almost 100% of our volume is under long-term contract. We had moved our customer base to three- to five-year agreements and now we see a strong pull from the leading providers of batteries and cathodes to go to as long as 10-year agreements. And the rationale for that is really around security of supply. And not just security of supply of any type of molecule, but security supply of an EV grade that meets their specification for a battery that they can make a 10-year warranty on. So I think we have selected a really great basket of leading providers in the cathode and battery space, and we're working together to plan the investments in lithium capacity for EV-grade batteries and they're planning to produce more cells for the OEMs. So we see our long-term agreements getting longer toward 10 years.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks, Luke. So, with regard to preference on carbonate and hydroxide, again, the largest battery and cathode producers, depending on the type of battery that they're producing for the specific application, they have a demand for both carbonate and hydroxide, and they're able to forecast for both types of molecules. Of course, in terms of increasing energy density, there are many battery producers that are going to hydroxide in order to go to the high nickel-based or high metal-based cathode materials. So we do see, on a percentage basis, higher growth in hydroxide. But our long-term agreements have both carbonate and hydroxide in them, and we don't see a decrease in demand for carbonate. We just see an acceleration of demand for hydroxide.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks. This is John. With regard to the weather comment, no impact on Albemarle operations with regard to weather so far in 2018. We've also taken some added steps as mitigation in the event there are any rain events, particularly in the Atacama. So I think we're well-prepared. With regard to the overall supply dynamic in the marketplace, in 2018, it's as expected, as we track all the projects around the world. Going forward, beyond 2018, nothing new that changes our supply-demand outlook. As we look at the materials that are required for our customers which are EV grade, performance materials, carbonate and hydroxide, we feel that the market remains in balance through 2021 and don't see any increase in supply that gives us any concerns in terms of oversupply dynamic, et cetera. Even if there were issues with regard to oversupply, we have long-term agreements that does not affect Albemarle in terms of its own supply-demand dynamic, as we are contracted with the market leaders going forward. So you're not going to see any impact regarding supply-demand dynamic in Albemarle's pricing.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. This is John. Yeah. You should think that there is a qualification period for Xinyu II. So, as we start commissioning and producing product at quality, then we have to shift quantities to our customers and they're going to have to qualify that production facility. And so I think you should look at mid-2019 in terms of getting the full rates.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. Great question regarding solid-state battery technology. With regard to an uplift in lithium demand, yes, because solid-state battery technology has more lithium molecules in it to increase energy density. And so, yes, we would see an uplift in lithium demand as the market goes to solid-state. Regarding timelines, although we're seeing an increase in R&D activity and product development activity, in terms of commercial application, we see it more as a 5-year to 10-year horizon regarding solid-state.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Well, there are a few things that are always going on in the Lithium business. I mean, certainly, there's a mix issue. There's mix of products, there's mix of customers and pricing. We are always also working on productivity improvements in terms of the ongoing operations and the cost structure. But then you have a couple of different elements. One on the natural resource side, where as we do exploration efforts, there are certain costs that cannot be capitalized and so we have to take them to the expense line. Also, on the Refinery assets, there are certain costs that as you are developing and you start the early-stage engineering on different projects, there are costs that again you have to drop to the expense line versus capitalization. So there are a number of moving pieces. And as we've said, from time-to-time we'll see fluctuation in the margins in that low- to mid-40 range, but you should count on us averaging out in the lower 40s.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Good morning. This is Silvio. Thanks for the question. As you know, the price increase for FCC is an ongoing exercise. It's never finishing. But I can confirm that right now we're getting traction. One hand, it's still based on the philosophy that we are trying to get the right price for the value we are providing to the refiner; and on the other hand, the efforts to offset the inflationary pressure that we are facing. But the prices are holding.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Oh, the marine fuel. Well, I'll try to stay brief on that one. There is a large amount of fuel oil that could not be used anymore in 2020 when those standards are coming on and there are different tracks to address this. One could be that you have scrubbers in the boats which you cannot install overnight. So there will be a requirement of an additional amount of diesel or hydrotreated mid-distillates that is being added to this pool of marine fuel, so to dilute the specs and to have for the next couple of years the boat sailing on not necessarily pure heavy fuel, but on blended fuels. That's one of the ways to get there. Like I said, the other one is a big infrastructure to clean the fuels on the boat. The future will tell us which direction it will ultimately be, but we can be firm that there will be an additional amount of diesel required around the 2019-2020 period and maybe the year thereafter to address that sudden change in specification.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Good morning. This is Silvio. If you see that our curatives are all based on toluene diamine, so it's pretty easy to figure out what the shortage is. It has to do – there are a handful of major producers of this material over the world and the shortage is caused by the major turnaround and changes in the upstream manufacturing facilities. So it's something that is temporary. And like we have in our earnings call, we are expecting that it will have an effect of $10 million-ish on yearly basis.
