Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Bob, we could only hear the second half of your question for some reason. Could you repeat it please? I'm sorry.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at that from a pricing standpoint, where we really saw some weaknesses, tetrabrom held in there pretty good. If you looked at our brominated polystyrenes, it -- pricing held up fine. It was really more a mix issue. Where we saw the pricing was -- pricing pressure was really in our enclosure markets, where we use the brominated flame retardants there, as well as in construction with the HBCD, and then we saw minerals have some pressure in Europe because of a weaker construction market.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think as a general rule -- I mean, if you look at Performance Chemicals -- and it really had a good quarter, so it wasn't in the big completion fluids market. What we saw is whenever you see electronic demand starting to get weaker in the bromine in China, when they bring it out of China at a lower cost and export it, it usually goes to Southeast Asia and India and it usually comes out in the form of HBr and a little bit of elemental bromine. So when we see weakness on electronics, we generally see that. It hasn't accelerated any from what we saw at the end of last year. It's still roughly about the same from a basis sequentially. So -- and it's actually starting to strengthen a little bit toward the end of the quarter. So I think it's a phenomenon related to the bromine coming out of China that's not being used for the electronics market there, and that's why they take it, generally, into India and Southeast Asia. So it's been consistent to what we've seen over 2 quarters, and we've seen it strengthen a little bit here at the end of the first quarter.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It wasn't in Refinery Catalyst. If I said that I apologize. It was really more in the Polymer -- in the polyolefin catalysts and the Polymer Catalyst Solutions there. We've seen some new entrants, Sasol and companies like that, from a TEA perspective and other companies trying to follow the same strategy that we followed, how do you take what they have and move further downstream. It hadn't caused a huge disruption, but it's one we're certainly watching to make sure that from our cost perspective and from our capacity as being the market leader, we're sure we understand what's going on there to ensure that is not a lot of disruption there and we -- and that we manage it appropriately.
Luther C. Kissam: Jeff, that's a great [indiscernible] quite frankly that there's people -- a number of people who say, "Luke, why go back [ph]? If you've got confidence in your stock, why didn't you buy back earlier?" The approach that we've taken, rightly or wrongly, is the approach that we're going to dollar cost averaging. And so we believe we cannot time the market. You've got our performance, but you've also got performance of the stock market in general, what's going to happen in North Korea, what's going to happen in Europe. So there's a whole lot of facets out there that we can't control. We're in the business of making specialty chemicals not in time in market. So we've made a decision that we're going to do dollar cost averaging whenever we buy the stock back, and that's why we did it this way.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't want to get into specifics of the exact customers, obviously, for confidentiality reasons, but I can tell you there's 2 dynamics really going on there. One is the volume from existing customers. Many customers, in some instances, maybe bought more last year than they needed for what the demand that they actually saw versus what they expected. So we're seeing some existing customers not taking the type of volume they took last year but expect -- and have told us they expect to see that ramp up over the second half of the year. And additionally, we've got some contracts that are ending, Amyris being one of them, that is -- that we won't have. So we've got to replace those. And when you have a -- the larger contracts like that, sometimes there's a gap. And what we're in right now is a gap between those expiring contracts and when the new ones are coming online. And we're also seeing something from a timing of when some of our other customers need shipments, whether it's the first quarter or the third quarter. So it's a combination of things. I'd love to be able to focus and tell you exactly what it is. What I'd tell you is this, our pipeline is as robust as it's ever been, and I'm confident that over the long term, custom services will get back to delivering the type of revenue and profit that we've enjoyed over the last 12 to 18 months.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It so much depends on -- it's an individual, really, refinery unit. So it's -- we're going to have to wait and see over the next cycle and know which ones are really using tight oil, how much they're taking that tight oil and blending it, what impact that has on their output. It's almost impossible to say. So I think you got to -- we're just going to have to let it play out and stay in front of it. I wish I had a better answer to give you, Vincent, but I just don't.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. So on FCC, what I would say is we've announced it. I don't expect there to be any real impact in 2013 from the nature of the contracts that we have. We have a lot of long-term contracts there, so the bulk of our business is under contract, and we'll certainly work to pass through the prices as appropriately. But I wouldn't see a whole much of impact in 2013 from an FCC standpoint. But we -- as a general rule, we sell on performance. So the performance -- if the performance of our Catalysts is giving that value that the refineries are seeing, we'll be able to pass it through. If not, it won't. So it's got to be a technological advantage for us to be able to do that, and we work hard everyday to make that happen. If you look at the secular trends in brominated flame retardants, what I think is fairly clear here is -- and I try to address it a little bit, is I think when you're looking at PCs, we're seeing a secular trend. And it's not just for brominated flame retardants, but it's a secular trend that the replacement cycle for PCs is spread now, those for personal use as well as commercial use. I think we're also seeing a secular trend away from PCs, at least in the developed world, over to the -- what did you call them, the -- not laptops, but tablets, I'm sorry, so tablets, smartphones and things like that. That's a very small percentage of our overall bromine sales. And I also would say that at the same time, we've actually seen a little uptick in tetrabrom for printed wiring board. So it's not like the motherboards are going away. I think we're just into a cycle. I mean, if you go back and look over the last -- we've really been in a trough for demand for electronics, really, over about 18 months. And so that's more what we're seeing is that macro demand, I think, across the rest of the portfolio and -- other than PCs.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, I think we'll always look at it. I mean, I think that -- and I want to say, it's easy to issue a press release. When it comes down to it the same thing with us. When we issue a press release, you've got to go out there and you got to drive with the customers and provide the value and have the demand in order to make it through. So while it's great to issue a press release and everybody loves it, you've got to see it in the marketplace or it doesn't do you any good. And that's what we've really worked hard to do. So we're going to be looking consistently across our portfolio at opportunities. We've seen increased costs. I mean, you've got the benzene costs. We've got great prices on shale. But we've got energy costs up here, and we've got energy costs and labor cost increases to Jordan. So we've got to get back to those investment fundamentals in bromine. So I'm glad to see that other competitors are in the same boat that we are and looking to see what they can do to maximize their profitability. And we've got to take a look and do the same, and we certainly -- we'll certainly look. But our businesses, we need to go out there with innovation and capture our fair share of the market, and that's what we try to do everyday.
Luther C. Kissam: I think it's not -- we have not seen any increase in demand. In fact, it's still at lower levels, and we're still seeing that continue to decline. But I think it's more about the demand and where -- what they do with the existing bromine that they have.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think we'll be commissioned in the second quarter where we're actually supplying customers. It can go one way or the other. I think if you go back and look over the last quarters of our operations in Clear Brine fluids, we've sold everything we could make and then we've reduced our inventory levels to really historic lows. So it gives us a lot more flexibility. But obviously, it'll give us ability to service our customers better, because we have optionality both in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, as well has on the Gulf with what we have in Magnolia, Arkansas. So it gives us a lot of flexibility, and it should give us an advantage. But I don't necessarily you can add whatever capacity we're adding on there and immediately throw that in to the equation for what we're going to sell in the quarter. It just doesn't work like that.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I can't say for certain if that's an exact comment that we've got with respect to tight oil. I wish I could tell you that, but I couldn't say that. You'd have to talk with one of our technical sales reps. What I would say is that we are working with the technical sales rep, our business team, our sales team and our R&D focus to ensure that we're providing the solutions that they're going to need to handle this light sweet crude in any way they choose to configure their refinery going forward.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't think it'll have a whole lot of impact on demand. And as I said before, I don't expect there to be really any impact in 2013, based upon -- or minimal impact, based upon the contracts that we have in place. So I don't think it'll have the kind increase. And if you look at the value that FCC catalysts bring and the cost of FCC to the refinery and you look at those economics, you look at -- it didn't have any impact on demand when we're passing through that rare earth surcharge. So I can't imagine the increase that we've announced is going to have any impact on demand.
Luther C. Kissam: Right. If you look at bromine, bromine was up slightly in the first quarter. And from last year, it was in the low-80s. But whenever you look to the next quarter, you're adding -- you look to the second quarter, you add an additional capacity for bromine, right. So it'll be a similar kind of volume. We would expect a little bit less volume, but the rates will drop down to about -- in the low-70s and probably would hang there for the remainder of the year from a bromine standpoint. But you have to remember, we double the capacity at Jordan Bromine Company, and that comes into play in that lower percentage, okay. Then if you look at our brominated flame retardant plants, well, last year, we were operating them at the end of the year in the fourth quarter in the low-40%. In the first quarter, we were in the 60% range, and it'll fluctuate between the low- to mid-60s for the remainder of the year. Probably a little bit higher in the third, a little bit down in the second, a little higher in the third and down in the fourth is how I would -- how you ought to look at it.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, first of all, I think that there's -- if you look at what's happening to us in the -- with the repurchases, from a balance sheet standpoint, that won't be any impediment to do any of the types of deals that have been -- been out there being pushed around today. So I've got -- really, my appetite hasn't change. As long as it meets the hurdles that we've put in place and gives us a technical advantage to be able to push our businesses in the areas we are not and that we specifically like Catalysts and we specifically are looking there on how to grow Catalysts in the areas that we're not, we'd certainly be very interested.
Luther C. Kissam: Right. Right now, the outlook for the year is still included in the fourth quarter, and we get reports kind of on a regular basis about that. I said -- if you listened to my remarks, I said we're watching those orders to see if they slip into 2014. If they do, it slips into 2014. It'll cause an issue for the fourth quarter for us. But ultimately, whether that goes in the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2014, it's not going to materially impact the long-range fundamental strength of the business. So we feel really good about it. But right now, Kevin, to answer your direct question, we've got it in the fourth quarter.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I mean, what we've previously announced in February was we'd look to do it within a kind of a 12- to 13-month period, and that time period hasn't changed.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, let me say one thing is -- I'm going to turn it over to Scott here in a second to give you that. But you said it was in Polymers. It's really in Catalysts.
Luther C. Kissam: Was Performance Catalyst Solutions that we had there. And I think that Scott could give you the details of the breakdown. We said it's around $20 million to $25 million for the full year, and Scott will -- can give a little more granularity.
Luther C. Kissam: No, no. We're saying -- I think we're getting confused on the question here, okay. Take JBC start-up out of that, because that number is not included in there. The site at Yeosu City that -- for PureGrowth, we -- that's all capital cost, because we haven't had any start-ups there. The real start-up costs that we're talking about for that $20 million to $25 million relate to Yeosu City piece that has been commissioned now, our single site catalyst unit and our activators over there, that piece of it. It relates to the Saudi joint venture, the costs that we have there, as well as some of the debottlenecks in Catalysts that -- in polyolefin catalysts that we've done in the U.S. So it's those 3 buckets that we're talking the $20 million to $25 million -- $20 million to $25 million in 2013, Dmitry.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, first of all, the mix had nothing to do with tight oil. The mix related to, really, some specialty products and some first fills that we had in the first quarter that didn't repeat in the second quarter. So it had absolutely nothing to do with tight oil. In fact, I don't even think there were U.S. sales that was a real mix impact. So it had nothing to do with tight oil. I think, P.J., it's too early to call. I mean, intuitively if somebody's bringing a light sweet oil, you would think it would have -- it would spread out the turnarounds for HPC catalysts, but you'll also going to have on top of that sulfur regulations getting tighter and tighter. So how that's going to balance out over the long term remains to be seen. I think it's likely, globally, that the sulfur regs are going to drop more growth in HPC catalyst than the tight oil in the U.S. is going to reduce it. So I think, net-net, you still got good growth in HPC.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's a great question. We're still confident we can be flat for the full year, and it's really driven by, I think, a few things. One is resumption of demand from FCC customers who have been offline in the first quarter. You remember, we've had about 6,000 going to be offline in the first and second quarter. So if that demand in FCC picks up, we'll have, over the second half, those costs that we're talking about from the start-up costs on qualification runs. It should have run their course, and we ought to be operating and getting revenue on those new sites. So that drag from those start-up costs ought to go away in the second half of the year. Secondly, from an HPC standpoint, we ought to have an improved mix and good volumes over the second half of the year over what we've seen in the first quarter and expect for the second quarter. And finally, it comes down to the adoption of LEDs and our growth associated with electronic materials growth in those areas. So those are the 4. We feel good about our prospects to do that. It is a tough hill to climb. We've done it before. And we've got a plan in place to implement and do it. Now the things that could change that are if we have orders slide from 2013 to 2014, but you always have that risk. And if we don't have the LED pickup in the second half that we're expecting, then we'll have an issue we'll have to deal with. But as of today, as the best forecasts that we can look at, that's it. So hope that answers your question, Mike.
Luther C. Kissam: I think that's a good way to look at it, Mike. I think we've got execution in Catalysts. We've got a plan there. Now the one piece is -- I can't see our drilling fluids tanking. But if drilling -- if we got a problem, if we got a BP issue again like we saw in the Gulf, that could -- that could cause some problems. But I feel like those are executing. It comes down to macroeconomics and what's happening in the marketplace with regard to pricing in Polymers.
