Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Now, starting on slide four, our full year results show continued strong volumetric growth, with 2023 marking the highest net sales and second highest EPS in Albemarle’s history. This highlights the focus and ability of our global team to succeed in a macro environment that remains challenging. We ended the year with net sales of $9.6 billion, up 31% compared to 2022, of which 21% was related to volume growth. Energy Storage delivered 35% volumetric growth in 2023. For the full year of 2023, Albemarle’s adjusted EBITDA was $2.8 billion or $3.4 billion excluding a lower cost or market charge recorded in the fourth quarter. Excluding this non-cash charge, adjusted EBITDA was in line with our previous expectations. In January, we announced a series of proactive measures to re-phase our organic growth investments and optimize our cost structure. These disciplined actions should allow us to unlock more than $750 million of incremental cash, advance near-term growth and preserve future opportunities. Today, we will provide our initial thoughts on our full year 2024 earnings. To help investors model Albemarle in the current environment, we will introduce scenarios based on recently observed lithium market prices. Neal will provide more details on this in a few minutes. We remain as confident as ever in the future of Albemarle and ongoing demand for the essential elements we provide to support modern infrastructure, including mobility, energy, connectivity and health. The secular trends of clean energy, electrification and digitalization continue to drive growth. We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the opportunities in our end markets, in particular lithium demand. Over the past year, we have further strengthened Albemarle’s position and are committed to navigating the near-term dynamics in a disciplined manner to both support and capitalize on these global trends. I’ll now hand it over to Neal to discuss our financial results.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So, I mean, to be blunt, I think that’s going to be about the pricing levels that we see and the trends that we see. So, we see demand there. The volume growth in the industry is there and we start seeing some projects come out, operating projects, as well as projects on the books, like the ones that we described. So, for us to kind of re-accelerate, if you will, we’ll need to get a better view of what pricing is and the long-term view of that as well. So we think what the prices today are unsustainable. They’re below operating cash levels of some assets that are currently operating and they’re definitely below reinvestment levels, and as we said, particularly in the West, there’s not a particular price that kicks up necessarily a range of projects off. It’s all individual, depending on the resource, where it’s located, what the cost position is of that and the conversion asset, where that’s located. So, there’s not one number that  we will look at, but we’ll look at it project-by-project, but it’s not going to -- if spot prices hit a number, that’s not going to necessarily turn us back into investment mode. We need to have a view that that’s a long-term number that we can rely on through the life of that asset.
Kent Masters: I don’t -- I mean I don’t know if I have anything much to add to that. I think we supply hydroxide and carbonate. We tend to supply carbonate from Chile. So we are -- that capacity is growing, as we just talked about a little bit earlier. We will supply that into the LFP market. And then we are trying to be balanced between hydroxide and carbonate and catch those growing trends. It is a little bit more skewed toward carbonate at the moment and --but we think hydroxide catches up to that. Then your question about should we lower rates to bring that back into balance. So I don’t -- we are still ramping up and we still see growth in the market of 20% a year. We are 10% to 20% for us this year and the market is a little bit stronger than that. I think that demand catches up without us having to adjust operating rates. We are still trying to commission plants and catch up to that.
Kent Masters: Josh, we might need to look at the math you are doing, because actually the transitions between those different scenarios are a little bit different and actually if you do some averaging math in those scenarios, you will see how we have a little bit different jump between the three different scenarios.
Kent Masters: Yeah. So we -- I mean, we kind of have a benchmark that we use to where we say at trough pricing, we want to get our cost of capital and double that at kind of the mid-cycle pricing. So now those numbers have moved around on us, but that’s kind of our -- still our aim when we do projects is, when we look at it at what we believe is trough pricing, that that would generate a cost of capital and then kind of twice that at mid-cycle pricing -- average pricing.
Kent Masters: And some of that is just the lead time and getting these investments on the books and then executing against it. It’s a number of years to get those out there. So the projects we’re pulling back on, as Eric said, impact the back half of the decade.
Kent Masters: Well, I mean, prices stay where they are. You’re going to see production come off and projects come off the books and that will eventually bring prices up and balance will happen. And then hoping we’re in a cycle where lower highs and higher lows starts to prevail, but -- and that was what we were anticipating in this cycle. This is still higher than the last low, so maybe it’s just not quite as mature as we had anticipated. But we need to get into lower highs and higher lows so that there is some consistency in the industry and people can see through to an investment case for new projects.
Kent Masters: Yeah. I mean, I think, there’s going to be a difference between production and sales. I think you -- if you look at what happens seasonally with EVs, it is -- each year is a rapid rise to December and then a drop seasonally in January. So from a production standpoint, we’ll be sequentially up. From a demand standpoint, seasonal demand plays a role for the whole industry, including us.
Kent Masters: Yeah. Well, and it’s hard to generalize that, John. I mean, I think, you have to go by region. So what I’d tell you is in China, there was a nice growth in plug-in hybrids last year. By our reckoning and our estimates, the estimates we had at the beginning of the year where we didn’t anticipate that, that plug-in hybrid growth came at the expense of internal combustion engines, not at the expense of battery electric vehicles in China, which is the largest market. It’s 6% of the market. In Europe in the past year, you’ve seen the opposite trend. Battery electric vehicles have been growing faster than plug-in hybrids. The U.S., which is the smallest market is in a pivot point now, which I don’t, we’ll have to see which direction it goes. There’s a lot of discussion about how certain automotive producers are struggling with demand and costs to play and so I think they’re looking at plug-in hybrids as an alternative, but it is on the margin it’s the smallest market. So I think it has the least effect on lithium demand. By and large, going back to your original question, battery size grows, may grow at varying rates year on year on year, but it grows over time as we go forward.
Kent Masters: Thank you and thank you all for joining us today. Albemarle is a global leader in transforming essential resources into the critical ingredients for modern living, with people and planet in mind. Our strategy and path to capitalize on the opportunities of electrification over the coming years is clear and we will continue to operate with the discipline operating model to scale and innovate, deliver profitable growth and advance sustainability. We continue to work to be the partner of choice for our customers and the investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Neal Sheorey: Sure. Hi, there. Good morning, Stephen. So if I heard your question right, you were looking for volume growth that we had in the fourth quarter, as well as volume growth that we expect in the first quarter. So we haven’t -- with regards to 2024, we haven’t given the specific volume growth numbers across the specific quarters in 2024. As we mentioned, we expect 10% to 20% growth in the year in 2024 and really the growth trajectory in the year will be dependent on how quickly we can ramp our existing assets that are in startup at the moment.
Neal Sheorey: Hey, Steve. I’ll repeat what I said before. It is not upstream. We’re not seeing large inventory levels. We’re actually seeing projects, spodumene projects, go into care and maintenance. There’s several in Canada, or excuse me, in Australia, there’s one in Canada and some others that are questionable that we’re watching closely. And so it’s not there, it’s not at the conversion level. We track that as well, as well as the direct consumer for us, which is the cathode companies. We have very high visibility to that. That was at one point fairly high a year ago. That has since come down. The inventory that we’re seeing is further downstream, as I was saying earlier. It’s the battery and EV level of supply chain and that is affecting apparent demand to the lithium industry, albeit EVs are growing quite healthfully about 30% we see for the year going forward.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. Josh, it is a bit of a complicated picture, because as you may know, there are varied price indices out there. There are some for China and some for outside China. Those inside tend to be 10% to 15% lower just because of the structural differences and some other aspects that drive that. But in any event, as you look at an average price across the two, we are going to be higher than the index generally for a couple of reasons, as -- particularly as prices go low. One is floors, so it’s -- our price is a little more sticky, even though it is linked to the index. And then the other is our mix. We tend to be more biased to outside China than in. That being said, where the price goes, that will be the trend that our ASP, our average selling price, follows.
Neal Sheorey: Sorry. So this is Neal. Jeff, good morning. So, yes, we have obviously several things that are in motion right now with regards to our cash flow and I just want to put a finer point on what we’re working on with regards to operating cash flow. Obviously, we’ve already mentioned that we are working hard on aligning our own OpEx to the current pricing in the market. We’re also working on several operational things from a working capital perspective. You should expect in a deflationary environment that we should continue to release cash from working capital. And additionally, we’re looking for other levers that we can pull to further reduce inventory in our network. For example, investors are well aware that we have a long time between the mine and the customer in our natural supply chain. So we’re looking for ways that we can reduce that and harvest cash from there. And then, of course, from a free cash flow standpoint, we’re reducing CapEx, as Kent mentioned earlier. In addition to that, we also have what I call non-operational cash flow items that we’re working on. This is things such as looking at what we can do with our working capital balances and generating financing from that. Now, all of that said, I realize that, some people may want a rule of thumb of how to think about this. So if you think about things from a cash conversion standpoint, and obviously, it will depend on what your lithium scenario is, but a cash conversion, if you look over the last three years or four years, this company has averaged a conversion of about 50%, plus or minus 10%. So that’s one example that you can use to think about how to model operating cash flow.
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. Good morning, Vincent. So it’s a few things. I think one of the important ones with regard to inventory is, remember that we have several assets that are in startup. So there has been a natural build in inventory through 2023 and you will continue to see that to some extent in 2024 as we build that inventory and work through the commissioning and startup of these new facilities that we have around the world. Remember, too, that there’s a timing aspect to this as well and so you have the timing of shipment and how that flows through our working capital, and so when you look at an end of year punctual period, you won’t necessarily see the impact of the timing of those shipments and so when we take a snapshot at the end of the year, it might not accurately reflect sort of the lag that we have in our supply chain. But just to link your question, Vincent, also to what Jeff just asked, as you think about whatever your lithium price scenario is, and as you think about working capital cash release in 2024, depending on the scenario that you pick, if you use the scenarios we put in our deck, we’re looking at a sales decline of somewhere between $2 billion to $4 billion, depending on the scenario, and historically, we use a rule of thumb here at the company that working capital is around 25% of sales. So you should expect in 2024 that we can release cash to the tune of $500 million to $1 billion, depending, of course, on how those scenarios evolve in 2024.
Neal Sheorey: Hi there, Joel. No. It is not an accounting thing. I am wondering what volumes you’re using, because the ranges that we set here in our scenarios are based on the range of volumes that we’ve put here on the slide, slide eight in our deck and so we’ve adjusted the ranges based on that. So there’s definitely no accounting noise in that revenue number. Additionally, I should say this, too. Maybe this explains it. Just remember that for Energy Storage in total, there are other products that are in Energy Storage that don’t necessarily move one for one with lithium market price. So maybe that’s another piece of what is in your math as well.
Neal Sheorey: Yeah. A couple of things to -- Kevin, good morning. This is Neal. Just a couple of things to think about as you think about the quarterly ramp. First of all, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, in Energy Storage, we expect most of the volume growth or at least two-thirds of the volume growth to occur in the back half of the year as our plants ramp up. So remember that we are still ramping these facilities through the first half of the year and then you’ll start to see that volume kick in as we get into the back half of the year. That’s point number one. Point number two is that as we move through, particularly the first quarter, we are still working off some spodumene inventory that is higher priced. And so as we mentioned again in the prepared remarks, you should expect that that will weigh on our margins in the first quarter. That is just by nature of the inventory lag that everyone’s very familiar with as we process that spodumene. Why margins then start to improve as we go through the year and we exit the year at this sort of stronger 30% margin that I mentioned in the prepared remarks is because as things normalize and you have a spodumene cost running through our P&L that’s more indicative of the lithium salt prices, you start to see come through the margin strength of our Energy Storage business even in this lower priced environment, which you would expect when you’re sitting on some of the best resource in the world. And so I would -- my counsel here is to think about margins rising as you go through the year in one part because of volume, but also in another part as we work through this inventory lag and then get to the back half of the year.
Neal Sheorey: I mean I’ll jump in here. I mean I think that it’s -- let me tell you the variables. The answer is it’s going to be fairly similar, we believe, because what are the factors? One, we are on -- again, once spodumene prices are indicative of lithium prices. They haven’t been most of all last year and into the early part of this year just because of the accounting we’ve talked about, the lag we’ve talked about within Talison. And once they are, you’re dealing with a margin. That’s one benefit that gets us back to where we were before. When you talk about the last cyclical trough, prices were even, well, they’re about where, they were lower than where they are now and we’re earning a 34% EBITDA margin. But the difference then is spodumene was a smaller percentage of our sales mix. It’s a much larger percentage now. It is a slightly higher cost than Chilean brine. That’s one thing to note at these prices. The other is that we didn’t have nearly as many plants in the commissioning stage and these are plants that take a couple years to ramp. They have a fixed cost associated with them. That’s a drag when you’re ramping those plants. The upside benefit of that is, without any further capital investment, we’re going to continue to grow for the next couple of years, as I said to Mike earlier. The downside is it’s a drag that brings your margins down. So that’s -- these are the factors that would lead us at these prices, which are, as I said, at this trough, above last -- the prior trough, amid sort of 30%s EBITDA margin.
Eric Norris: Yeah. I mean, for virgin brine that we pump, it’s -- I think the rule of thumb has been more like 18 months, but for the Salar Yield, it’s six months. We commissioned that in the middle of last year. That’s enabling, Steve, the growth that we will see in that 10% to 20% range. A big chunk of that is coming out from carbonate, from Chile, from the La Negra plant, enabled by Salar Yield.
Eric Norris: Hey, Colin. Hi. It’s Eric. We’ve spent a lot of time looking at inventory and there’s been a drawdown effect that’s been on and off throughout all of last year and into this year. At the top of the supply chain upstream, looking at lithium salts and even the next level cathode production, we feel that inventory is normalized. The drawdown we’re seeing now, harder to predict and understand because it’s less visible to us, is at the battery cell, battery module and EV level. There are a lot of reports out there that vary on that. It’s not a highly quantitative or a highly known number, but I -- we think there’s probably a couple months’ excess as we exited last year, that will be drawn down this year that’s going to affect apparent demand. So that’s why our demand forecast is a difference if you look at, I can’t remember which slide it is, the lithium supply side towards the back of the deck between lithium demand growth and EV growth, and that is that drawdown effect happening at the battery and EV level.
Eric Norris: Yeah. Hi, David. Good morning. Look, I think we’ve provided the numbers here for people to interpolate as they would like to between these different lithium price scenarios and so you can do your interpolation based on what you think the market price is at the moment. The only caution that I would give you as you think about a lower price scenario, which I think is where your question is getting at is and you can see this in our scenarios, as you get to these levels, it’s not unreasonable to think you’re bumping into some of the floors that we have in our contracts and those are at varying price levels, but you will see that in the math of our scenario. So I wouldn’t necessarily take that interpolation one for one if you’re going down further than the scenarios we’ve given.
Eric Norris: Well, thanks for the question, David. A couple of things I’d say. When we look at shut-in capacity or capacity that’s exited the market in general and a big chunk of it is lepidolite, but some of also non-integrated spodumene and some of it is spodumene itself that’s come offline or is about to come offline because it’s very high cost, it’s above current spodumene costs even or prices rather or the cost is above current spodumene prices. But that is about 200,000 tons in total that has come off. Lepidolite is probably close to maybe a third to a half of that, somewhere in that range. The non-integrated lepidolite production has come off. Some of the integrated lepidolite production that is of weaker grade is well below -- the price is well below the cash cost of that. It’s very hard for us to -- we know that, we know what the economics are, we can’t necessarily understand why some of it’s there. It’s still operating, because otherwise it should be -- our math tells us it should be coming offline. So we can’t quite understand what’s going on there, but there’s still quite a bit, there’s still some capacity in the market that’s, well, like I said, at current prices, cost is well above those prices.
Eric Norris: Yeah. No. I think there’s a big impact on that. I’m building this, we say in the West, so called Europe and North America, but focus is and we were a bit more focused on North America, we have access to a great resource at Kings Mountain, but where prices are today, the economics aren’t there for those projects. So we continue to progress, as you said, the permitting, the kind of real long lead time items that are not real capital intensive, in anticipation of prices coming back to where we’d be able to do those investments or some support or another way that we maybe could do those. But they’ve been pushed out. I mean, our -- at Richburg, we haven’t, that’s not a canceled project, it’s been delayed. So we’re still doing some of the long lead time permitting there, but no construction and we stopped engineering work on it. And Kings Mountain, we’re progressing with the permitting because that’s long lead time. We hope to work out a solution, but it requires better pricing in order to execute on those projects. And those are prom -- and those are kind of the two of the best opportunities to start the supply chain. We need a lot more support, not just, we can’t do it ourselves, but that would be the first project we would bring to market in North America, and probably, as others as well, particularly around resources.
Eric Norris: So depending on where we land -- Mike’s is Eric, depending on where we land in that range of 10% to 20%, you’re talking something that could be close to, it’s going to get close to 200,000 tons, 190,000 tons, 200,000 tons at the top end and that is being driven, just to be specific, by more production out of Chile, which we discussed earlier and that’s realizing some of the efficiencies of the Salar Yield Project and the bottlenecking capacity downstream for La Negra to drive that growth. It’s also being driven by increased spodumene production out of Australia and the ramp of Kemerton, Qinzhou as well, where Meishan is more of a 2025 item for the time being, but that plan is ramping nicely for that period of time. That then brings me to how you think about the future. Kemerton I and II will continue to ramp as you go into 2025. Meishan will start to ramp in 2025 and 2026. The interesting thing about our near-term volume picture is we’re going to be looking at that sort of 20% plus volume growth for some years to come, based upon the investments we have made already. The things that we have idled or paused from an investment standpoint that Kent earlier referenced were longer term, further out, sort of really second half of decade in terms of what they were going to deliver. So the impact of slowing those down, should prices stay low and we not return to investing those projects will be felt in the latter part of the decade, which is, I’ll also remind you, is a point in time where we see industry supply already getting tight relative to demand. So there’s some real challenges because we don’t see demand slowing down. We certainly see weakness in certain parts of the smallest market, which is North America, but on the whole we see a very strong growth and a challenging environment for supply to be able to meet it in the long term. But we have good growth, I would say, in the coming years for multiple several years ahead of us.
Eric Norris: It’s not an understatement to say, Mike, that if prices stay where they are, which is well below marginal cash costs, and as we said, we thought it would be less volatile, is that you’re going to see -- we believe, you’re going to see enough projects ultimately come off that that inflection point where we start to get structurally short on supply moves forward from the latter part of the decade into the middle part of the decade. So that only -- what that says is excessively low prices only aggravate excessively high prices potentially down the road. That’s the challenge. We, and certainly our customers, would love to see a much more moderated cycle and as the market does recover, we’ll look to try to find ways to reduce that volatility in our mix. But certainly we’d hope that for the industry more broadly as well.
