Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think, it's predominantly European business. And then you would see other sales in the United States would be the second most, with Asia Pacific and Latin America coming in at a distant third. So there's opportunity for growth there, and that's one of the reasons where you'll see in the first quarter the acquisition of that joint venture partner in Asia.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It will be tough for me to do it by region. But I can tell you that in 2014 overall, we were in the high 60s for bromine utilization rates when you're looking at absolute bromine. So -- and it was about the same for JVC as it was for Magnolia. It's roughly the same, within a couple of percentage points, one way or the other. We can move production around based on where the derivative demand is. But roughly, if you look at that blended rate, it's in the high 60s.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, yes. We've made some progress in that. We've developed some particularly as it relates into the oil field where there's the most promising for the shorter term and seeing good results there. Some of the longer-term projects have not panned out from a last scale standpoint, so we've reallocated those resources. So we're making progress. There's nothing -- but everybody needs to understand, this is a long term view. We need to do this, but I don't -- well, there's nothing built into our 2015 numbers relative to these new products. It is a development product at this time.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I certainly have a number in my head that I think we should have, but I think the market will say what that is, and we'll make a decision on whether we divest or do it. I don't think it makes a whole lot of sense for me to throw a number out there because it sets a floor or a ceiling, and I want to maximize what we can get out of these assets because they're great assets. And in the right hands, they'll be able to grow and be market leaders in each of their respective markets, and we're looking forward to getting through that process.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I can do that kind of generally. I think Scott can get into the numbers. But the way I looked at them is this: We've got 4 core businesses, and we need to focus on those 4 core businesses and to continue to drive them because we've got great opportunities in that, and we need to deploy resources both from a capital standpoint as well as from a people standpoint to drive the growth opportunities we have there. It was going to be taking away from that for us to continue to try to develop these businesses. They're solid businesses. They generate nice EBITDA, but they're not going to be a strategic focus for Albermarle in the long run and they're not big enough to move the needle. So we decide -- we made that point that we thought it was in the best interest of our shareholders to divest these businesses at this time, to take the proceeds to allow us to deleverage more rapidly and move forward with our strategy. So that was the thought process behind it, and Scott can give you a little more details on the numbers.
Luther C. Kissam: Right. That's a great question. The lithium commission issued their findings yesterday, and so we've had a chance to review them. I'd also say that the week of the 19th, I was actually in Chile and met with a number of officials in the mining industry and other government officials about the business there to understand their thinking. I think, number one, lithium is a non-concessible mineral so that remains unchanged, which is a good progress. Number two, the existing contracts don't change, so the existing contracts to the SQM and that Rockwood have are remained unchanged, and I was assured time after time that those contracts will be honored. Going forward, I think they are going to establish a state entity to manage the development of future lithium projects, and they are looking for participants that are interested in doing that with a track record in the industry, which is very positive, we believe, from an Albermarle and Rockwood standpoint. So we applaud the government for taking these steps. We look forward to the collaboration, not only for the exploitation of the Salar for the development of lithium, but they also talked about the collaboration from an R&D perspective to drive new uses for lithium, similar is what Albermarle's trying to do for bromine. So we stand ready and able and think we're in the best position to collaborate with them with new uses as well as in the long run, allow us to be their preferred partner. And if you'll allow me, I just -- the agreement that we have, Kevin, we have the right for 2000 metric tons of lithium. We started operating there in 1984, it was the first carbonate production, and we've used essentially 80,000 metric tons of lithium through the end of 2014, which leaves us over 120,000 metric tons of lithium, which at our current extraction rates, allows us to operate under the existing agreement that we have into the 2030 kind of timeframe. So it's not an issue short term. Long term, we ought to be the preferred partner of that commission, and we're going to work very hard to ensure that we are active participants in the lithium markets in Chile forever.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. We're -- our goal is to divest the businesses by year-end. But obviously, that depends a lot upon the third party. So we'll launch the process in the month of February, but -- and we've got a plan laid out to be able to close them by the end of the year, but it depends on who the specific purchasers will be, what their hurdles may be and what the -- you got to deal with the third party. So it could take longer, but that's our goal.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's a great question. So I think one thing I'd say is we're a different company today, because of the acquisition, than we were before. So number one, I think in phosphorus, the acquisition that they made was a small phosphorus business, and you could not compete with the Chinese because you just didn't have the volume. You didn't have a big enough position in phosphorus to get your cost to a level where you could be competitive. So that's ultimately the death of that phosphorus business from an Albermarle perspective. If you look at minerals, minerals has been an excellent, excellent acquisition for Albermarle. It has -- it had an outstanding return overall. I think we paid $20 million and assumed some debt for that. And you can see the EBITDA that is -- the kind of EBITDA that's throwing off on an annual basis. So it has been a great -- if I just look forward, it's not going to get the kind -- I don't see the kind of growth for that business that I do in lithium, surface treatment and catalyst and I don't see the profitability. So I don't know that I'd call -- I'd say it was more of a change in circumstances than it was a failed strategy on the minerals business.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I think we still -- we've got about $50 million of synergies built into this, so there's another $50 million of synergies on top of that. And we've talked about the growth that we would expect. I think that surface treatment, I see no reason they can't continue with double-digit -- high single, double-digit EBITDA growth as long as they can continue to drive their services. So I see that. Catalyst, a high oil upgrade, we've always said we've been in a period of time, depending upon the crude slate, but I expect our catalyst business, refining catalyst continue to grow. And lithium will grow the way we've described it, in the high single digits as well as double-digits once -- mid-double-digits once we see the, really, adoption and proliferation of electronic vehicles. So there's not a reason in this world when we look out '17 and '18, we can't be at $1 billion. We've got just some issues that are impacting us this year from a macroeconomic trend on that price of oil that I can't tell you where that's going to go, and currency just punched us in the gut. So those are the 2 main factors.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think if you look at surface treatment, surface treatment is really very localized and regional. So I don't -- it doesn't have much of an impact on the surface treatment business from a competitive landscape. It has a big transitional impact for us, but from a competitive landscape, because it so -- such a regional business, it doesn't have as big of an impact. If you look at the bromine businesses from a standpoint that's not a European producer really, so the impact there is -- Chemtura of U.S., they've got kind of the same U.S. production that we do, probably sell in the same currencies that we do. They probably got the same yen issue that we do. And ICL is about the same, it's a bucket of currencies. So it may give, overall, an edge a little bit to the Chinese, some of those producers. And Tosoh is a Japanese producer, but doesn't really participate outside of that region. So I don't see that as much of an issue. If you look in our catalyst business, we -- in refining catalysts we sell in the U.S. We got a plant in the U.S. We got a plant in Amsterdam. We've got joint ventures all over the world. W.R. Grace pretty much has the same thing. BASF, their production facilities are the same. So from a competition standpoint, some of that depends upon where you're building your catalyst and where you have to ship it to. So I don't see a tremendous impact there across the portfolio. And with regard to lithium, not really a huge competitive market. So while we have about $40 million or $50 million of translational issues that will impact the what -- our earnings, I don't see it creating a huge competitive impact in any region of the country vis-à-vis our major competitors, with maybe the single exception of bromine out of Asia.
Luther C. Kissam: Alex, I think what you're kind of -- we can barely hear you. I think what you said was, what are we looking at for lithium volumes in 2015? And then there was a question about lithium carbonate that I just didn't catch.
Matthew K. Juneau: Yes, I'll take that. Ryan, we have not yet seen a significant change in China. But remember, in our businesses at beginning in the year, you've always got the impact of Chinese New Year, so they tend to start pretty slow for us in China in the first quarter. And Chinese New Year is mid-February this year, so it's about where we expect it in January, but I would not say we see a pickup.
Matthew K. Juneau: That's correct. On a year-over-year basis, if you look at the FCS, it was flat to slightly up, that would be Fine Chemistry Services piece. If you look at the minerals business, it was roughly flat as well with a little bit of upside versus 2013. So what you're seeing, really, reflects the impact in the bromine franchise year-over-year. So the EBITDA margins would've been somewhat higher, if you will, in 2013 compared to 2014.
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. So Dmitry, this is Matt, I'll take that. So the bulk of that headwind actually occurred really this year for us because if you remember, we've been unable to enter the market for the new polymeric flame retardant that is replacing HBCD until late in 2014. So what we have seen is faster conversion from HBCD toward the polymeric replacement, and that impacted our 2014 numbers fairly significantly, and that's what we referred to in the script. As we look to 2015, with the announced joint venture with ICL, we are already selling GreenCrest with our tradename for that polymeric in the market. We're entering the market already, and we really don't have the same kind of headwind year-on-year in 2015 that we had in 2014 versus 2013.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Matt. I think Luke largely answered the question. We've talked about this for most of the past year, and it's just supply and demand. There's overcapacity on the alkyl side of the business. Part of that, we've acknowledged, we've added capacity over the last couple of years, and there were a couple of new competitive entrants. So the good news is, is that demand is continuing to grow. So as that capacity utilization tightens up, we should get back to a point of having some pricing leverage. And of course, as Luke pointed out, we took a significant step last year by taking capacity off-line in Europe.
D. Michael Wilson: No, I mean, I would say on the FCC side for the full year, I mean, we're still expecting a significant volume growth year-over-year. Now the timing of that from a quarter calendarization standpoint, as Luke has pointed out, is going to be stronger in the second half of the year for the reasons that he has given. But overall, still strong demand growth. And I think that is attributed both to business that we've already won, that's coming on stream and also just the suite of products that we have to offer refiners to solve their problems regardless of what changes they may see in crude dye [ph] or end products. So I don't really see that much of an issue on HOU. It's going to contribute, I think, strongly both to volume and earnings growth in 2015.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I mean, I think from a volume standpoint we expect to see continued growth in lithium salts. Again, battery applications are going to drive the market growth predominantly, the non-battery applications or more industrial uses that are going to grow more like GDP. I think what you're going to see us do in terms of the capacity that we have available will increasingly shift that to higher value battery applications away from technical grades. I do think there is going to be some tightness in the market overall in terms of lithium availability, so -- hence, the guidance that we gave that we expected to see higher pricing in lithium. If you think about the downstream of lithium and the organolithiums, I think the one issue is on butyllithium, where we talked about the major business that was lost last year by Rockwood as a key synthesis account switched to a different route that eliminated butyllithium from synthesis. We'll see the full year impact of that this year. Last year was not a full year impact. So I think overall, butyllithium will grow, but we won't completely be able to overcome the loss of that major piece of business that really affected the industry, not just our lithium business.
D. Michael Wilson: I think the last question you asked was about the plant in Chile. And from a startup standpoint, we see bringing on that capacity in the second quarter to midyear sort of time frame. So -- and then what I think you need to recognize is that, that capacity, the lithium carbonate that we've added there, is predominantly targeted for providing for battery grade accounts. So there will be a qualification period associated with that. So the impact of that from a volume standpoint will come on gradually over time, probably from midyear this year through midyear 2016.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So on the 3 businesses, Kevin, minerals is the largest, at roughly $250 million and roughly 10% EBITDA margins. The Fine Chemistry Services is the next the largest, around $200 million, and they've got margins that are up in the -- EBITDA margins in the upper 20s. And the metal sulfide business is roughly $100 million with kind of a high-teen level type EBITDA margin. So that kind of breaks it down a little bit as to where they are.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So Mike, you've got the numbers, right? So overall, versus what we were expecting, currency plays a big role as you might expect. Roughly $40 million -- as we said, $40 million to $50 million, the same as what it is on a year-over-year basis. The second key one is a change in reporting that we've made with how Rockwood traditionally reported a JV EBITDA. So traditionally, Albermarle has used a net income from our joint ventures and included that in our EBITDA. Rockwood has used a JV EBITDA rather than the net income. And so we've converted them to that same methodology. That drives roughly $25 million. And then you get down to business results and business outlooks, and that's roughly the $100 million that you referred to. The predominant side of that is really in Performance Chemicals and the lack of growth and the challenge that we've had with the drilling fluids and dropping off on the bottom of us. A little bit of lithium but not much. So those are the big drivers. Cash flow, as Luke said, if you would have looked at our free cash flow with that tax payment, it would have been around $100 million in the model, so $500 million less that $400 million tax payment. We're still forecasting $100 million to $200 million of free cash flow next year on a better tax payment primarily and a little bit better in joint venture dividends.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So that does include the businesses that are being divested. So we're not assuming that there's any divestitures at this point in time. It's roughly $100 million of EBITDA, so a roundabout [ph] EPS impact for you.
