David Ryan: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle’s second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, planned joint ventures as well as lithium production capacity end demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
David Ryan: Thanks, Scott. Before we get to Q&A, I want to call your attention to our press release of August 6, announcing that we will host an Investor Day in New York City on the morning of December 12, 2019. Additional details will be forthcoming, but we look forward to the opportunity to provide a detailed update on Albemarle and the strategy and priorities for the company and each of our global business units. Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so, I’d like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions, then feel free to get back into the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
David Ryan: We just wanted to thank, everyone, for your questions and participation in today’s conference. As always, we appreciate your interest. And this concludes Albemarle’s second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Yes, great question. If you look – what you see is, we are building out Kemerton, which would add another 50,000 met tons of lithium hydroxide. And then in the chart, we show that we are assuming we will build out another 50,000 metric tons with our partner, MRL, once that deal closes. So that will reduce the capital that we will have to expand for that next 50,000 metric ton of capacity. We’re essentially sharing that capacity with our partner. So we believe that when we look at the demand that it would be out further past that 2021 timeframe, where we would have to commit any more capital. So we’re very comfortable with the free cash flow number that we say and being free cash flow positive in 2021. And then as our EBITDA grows, we will selectively buy or build additional capacity if the market demands it at a lower capital intensity than what we we’re seeing today.
Luke Kissam: Yes. Upon the closing of that transaction, we’ll work with MRL to determine the best approach on that spodumene. But it certainly appears to us today that the market is adequately supplied with spodumene today.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So it’s about $300 million to $400 million drop, so in that one year alone. So we’ll get that number for you. I’m sorry, I don’t have it off the top of my head, Jeff.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Jeff, certainly can. First of all, we will still have the capability out in the years to either buy or build additional capacity, if that’s met. I don’t – you should not view this anyway as seen that we don’t believe demand is still going to be where it is. We’re still bullish on demand. We’re at, I think, 1 million metric tons in that range by 2025 and we still see that based on all the data that we have coming in. So it’s not demand. From an actual dollar perspective, I think, it’s too soon to say whether there’s going to be a reduction in EBITDA or not, when the supply and demand is got to have an impact, you – one would think over time on price. What this will do at a 1 million metric tons is, it will reduce our market share, unless we build more over time. So while it is not ondemand, understand how you do the math on the EBITDA in earnings. But I’m not ready to concede that point yet. If you’ll – we’re just going to need to let see how this plays out. But I want to be clear, we’re going to meet the commitments that we have to our customers. We’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. As we go out through the years and our EBITDA and our volumes do grow, you’ll continue to see us generate significant free cash flow and will have the balance sheet and the flexibility to invest either in buying or building additional conversion capacity if it means it makes sense to our stakeholders. And that’s probably once we say go, if we’re building it, is probably 24 to 36 months.
Luke Kissam: Well, you assume I’m selling it and I’m not saying today, we’re going to sell it. So we’re not going to be more exposed to spodumene rock. We’re not going to sell it, if there’s not a market for.
Luke Kissam: I’m saying at we will discuss – after the deal closes, we will discuss with MRL what the best approach is to take on the spodumene rock from that mine.
Luke Kissam: It doesn’t have anything to do with Australia. Although I will say and it’s clear, if you’re going to build an asset in China versus you’re going to build an asset in Australia, you’ve got a much higher capital intensity in Australia, be the same thing if you build something in the U.S., you’ve got a higher capital intensity than you do in China. But what we’re delaying is simply what we had on the drawing board, and we’re taking that capacity out and you ought not read anything more than that into it.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob, this is Luke. As a leader in the lithium business, we feel like we need to put a stake in the ground. And that’s what we’re doing. We’re pivoting our strategy to address the major concern we hear from our shareholders, which is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive. We’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021, and we’re still going to be able to meet the commitments we have to our customers. And we will also have the flexibility in the future using the world’s best resources to build or buy additional conversion capacity. So don’t hear me – please don’t hear me say that I’m willing to cede share or I’m happy with a lower EBITDA, or I’m not looking for earnings growth. I don’t hear any of that. What you ought to hear is, we’re going to be very responsible in how we are managing our cash to drive shareholder value and meet our customers’ demand.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think we always intended to bring that capacity on. As 2021 is when we would have mechanical completion in the first quarter, we have to have four to six months worth of qualification. So I wouldn’t expect much in in 2021. We always talk about bringing these units on third, third, third. So we’re confident we can still bring that on and we could probably have this Salar yield online and have the brine ready for – by 2023 when we need that last third of that project there. So I would look at it as 15,000, 15,000, 10,000 something like that something in that range.
Luke Kissam: Yes. That’s a great question. They will run in an auction and it was going to get sold. If you go back to the very beginning of it, MRL was running a process. We were engaged in a process. It was a top tier asset. If you take Talison out of the equation, you take out Greenbushes, that is the best rock resource in the world. The – when you look at Wodgina, the size of that resource, the purity of that resource, and the skill that MRL brings to the table from a mining standpoint, and I believe from a capital execution standpoint, that can help us, it just made for a perfect fit. Ultimately, you’re going to need that volume. And we thought it was best that we had it, we saw it as a good asset. And now when we’ve restructured it, we have 60% of that joint venture. So that gives us some rise that we didn’t have in the past. So all in all, quality asset, we’re going to use that rock for Kemerton. We will also partner with MRL on our next installment of capital, which will further reduce our capital outlay and still allow us to meet our customer demand. So quality resource, quality people, ability to reduce our capital outlay and still have 100,000 met tons worth of lithium hydroxide coming on board, it all made sense to us from a return standpoint.
Luke Kissam: Yes. No, this is nothing involved with the government. Our quota system is fine. There have been no changes in any of the regulatory issues, no changes with any of our contracts. This is purely a decision where we saw an opportunity to delay the implementation of capital to allow us to get free cash flow positive more quickly than we were. So we decided that we were going to take the step to do that. Because when we calculate it, we believe we can still meet all the commitments we made to the carbonate customers that we have under contract. So it’s all about free cash flow has nothing to do with anyway. Our relations with the government in Chile are fine.
Luke Kissam: We – for a return on invested capital, we still see for two times our weighted average cost of capital for return. That’s what that’s – and that’s always been the case and we continue to see that as our case. As what we’re looking for, for our customers at, if people are going to sell carbonate at the cash costs of that marginal producer, it doesn’t make sense for us to add new capacity and we won’t. We can because of our position in Chile, because of our cost position in Chile, we can still make very good margins at that level. But we don’t see the need to put new capacity in the ground. So it all comes down to what’s the pricing going to be, how’s that pricing going to be, how the contracts coming with the customers, what or how are those going to evolve over time, and those are all decisions that need to be made in the context of a company that needs to make a commitment to our stakeholders on free cash flow, which we’re doing.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think as we look at – as we look out into 2020 and you start looking across our portfolio, we’ve been operating – bromine has grown almost double digits for three or four years in a row, that’s not happened before. And we can see some weakness in automotive, we can see some weakness in construction, as we talked about, we’ve been able to reallocate that bromine molecule to date at very successfully. So those continue to grow, but I don’t know how much longer that it’s practical to expect that business to grow at that. So we are undertaking in the second-half of the year of view of our overall cost in a way to try to reduce our overall cost and gain efficiencies going forward. And we’ll share more of that with you at our December Investor Day presentation.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think there’s excess conversion capacity available to date and there’s more coming online. So I think that it’s going to provide perhaps an opportunity for people that are interested in conversion assets. So as an integrated player with the best resources in the world, we believe that that could be an opportunity for us. And we are always mindful of making sure we’re getting the best return on the dollars we invest in that regard.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So we made commitments to people out through 2025 in some instances. And in all these scenarios, we’re able to meet those commitments with capacity that we’ve announced and that we have under construction today. And we know what the price is on those and we’re able to calculate the return based on what that capital is going to be. But we’ll be able to meet everything that is under contract today. What we’re doing now, again, is driving to a free cash flow positive in 2021, with the ability to flex up, if necessary, to build or buy additional capacity, if the market demands it and if we have customers that are prepared to enter into contracts with us for those volumes that we will be producing. But we I don’t think it makes a whole lot of sense for us to build a lot of capacity, if we’re not going to have contracts that we can place against those, or and it doesn’t have to be the exact same contracts we have today. We just need to know within the range what that returns going to be and we can make a intelligent economic decision about what that’ll be. So if you see our long-term agreements change a little bit, all these agreements are a little bit different. What we’re looking for is – not a guarantee, but a surety of a return based upon the capital we put in the ground. But we’re going to meet our commitments to our customers, we have enough. But this is a pivot to make sure that we’re also focusing on free cash flow for our stakeholders, not just a potential for customers to come.
Luke Kissam: No, Dimitri, this is Luke. It’s just a matter of the Australian market is heating up for construction. So you’re seeing a lot of activity in mine. You’re seeing a lot of activity in Australia, and they got a book of business that they – there is now, they’re kind of – they got a good market. I mean, they got a good seller’s market. And what they’re doing is, if you want to get in line for the time that we want to get in line in the shops, we had to pay more upfront to get that preferred space in line, so we could get it to the market when we said we would in that timeframe. So that’s all it is. And the cost didn’t – the overall cost didn’t change, it’s a matter of we have to pay a little bit more upfront sooner than we originally thought we would. That’s all it is. It’s just a market heat-up. It’s got nothing to do with Albemarle. It’s not – got nothing to do with lithium. In particular, it’s the construction market in Australia.
Scott Tozier: Under the Talison agreements, we have the rights to 50% of the off-take and our partner, Tianqi, has the rights to 50% of that off-take. So that won’t change in anyway going forward. David, I’m not quite sure I understand the question.
Scott Tozier: No, that’ll be used with Wodgina rock, we would expect to do that. But we certainly have flexibility to allow us in the future to – with these resources to do whatever it makes the most sense from a financial perspective.
Scott Tozier: Yes. I have no way of knowing what our peers in the industry will do. First of all, what we’re looking at is, we have always told our stakeholders that we were going to invest capital to meet our contracted customers’ demand, where we could get an attractive return on invested capital. And our stakeholders have been clear. When I talk to shareholders, the number one thing I hear is, when are you going to be free cash flow positive. It’s critical that we adjust our capital to allow us to meet our stakeholders’ demand, while at the same time driving towards a positive free cash flow. And we put a stake in the ground that we’re going to be free cash flow positive in 2021. We believe that will create more value for our stakeholders and we will have the financial flexibility if the market conditions call for it to build or buy additional conversion capacity to meet any increased needs in the market.
Scott Tozier: Yes, the new is around $500 million, but it was up around $800 million or so or something like that.
Eric Norris: David, this is Eric. So it is, as you depicted, it’s two things. It’s the Xinyu II ramp up now that we are – have six months of experience under our belt and are ramping towards full rates, have four major customers qualified, that can really drive that plant, there’s another six plus that will probably qualify or in the process of qualifying, but we have sufficient now to fill that plant in the second-half of this year. And then the other factor is the ramp up of – similarly of La Negra II in Chile and the volumes we expect there. And, of course, the underlying factor is strong demand growth in the EV markets, which we – our demand outlook continues to be as it was three months ago for strong growth going forward.
Eric Norris: Arun, hello, this is Eric Norris. We ended 2018 with largely all of those major contracts extended out in – somewhere in the three to five-year range, some five-plus, and that is what is we’re operating against today. And with those contracts are holding, they are all largely outside of China, those types of contracts and we continue to move forward against them.
Eric Norris: Hi, it’s Eric. So I would say that this is all about EV growth, right, for our strategy. First of all, that may be obvious, but an important point, because where we see that going is largely a high nickel base, increasingly, and where we see that needing therefore is hydroxide – lithium hydroxide. When you talk about the types of quality specifications they are tightening, and you talk about the ability – the supply pace to meet them, it’s a handful or less of companies that can do that. So I wouldn’t – I would say that that is – today, that is not the non-integrated producers. It is the integrated major producers in the marketplace. And so our strategy is one simply around creating flexibility that you’re hearing on this conference call for growth, while continuing to meet needs, not any statement around what we see competitively in this high-growth market, or their continued need for more specialized or high-quality products.
Eric Norris: Yes. So it is – is it different by the two? Yes. I mean, first of all, in our mix of business, as I said in the previous question, we are not seeing a lot of or we don’t have a lot of contracts expiring within the next – this year or next year. We have a large number, a large volume committed on the hydroxide side of that, that is where we see the growth, certainly for EVs. But it’s also where we see considerable tightness from a supply standpoint, both today and into the future. And so while there might be excess in carbonate, carbonate is also a product that is not the preferred product line going forward for EVs. And as a result, you will see pricing pressure there. And any contract that renews, you’ll see more there on carbonate than you would on hydroxide. And so that – that’s really the dynamic we’re facing right now.
Eric Norris: I mean, Bob, that’s – the question is, as these contracts enter, we’ve got to look to see if steady price, a set price on that minimum volume, the way it makes sense, or do we go to a band of pricing? How are we going to do this in this evolving market? And that’s something that there is a significant amount of focus on, not only internally with Albemarle, but our discussion with our major customers, the major battery suppliers, and some automotive OEMs, because you’re – what we’re seeing today is that buying decision is moving further to the right of that supply chain. And we are engaged in those discussions at the right levels and we’re going to hopefully reach an arrangement that makes sense for us and for our stakeholders and allows our customers to also meet their demands that they have to the OEM. That’s our goal.
Eric Norris: So – hi, Matt, Eric Norris, again. So we see a mix of things, right? The vast majority of our businesses is battery grade. The vast majority of that is located outside of China. And that’s where our contracts sweet spot has been for years and where it continues to be where we renewed a lot of our contracts last year for the duration of a number of years going forward. So those – all those contracts are performing as expected. We have some technical grade products that are sold under more shorter-term non-traditional or not traditional for these battery grade contracts. They are seeing pressure and Scott referenced that we will see some of that in the second-half of this year. The volume that we have in China that, which is strategic to maintain a position within that supply chain, is also not a traditional sort of contract. It’s been shorter-term, some expired this year. And in some cases we’re able to reach a price agreement with some, and others we weren’t willing to go, where they felt they wanted them to go. And so we walked away from some contracts that we’ve kept a foothold in China. So it really would be China, which is less than 10% of our volume and tech grade, which is another depending on how you count it 10% to 20% of our volume. That’s where there might be some pressure, but in the vast majority of our business, and certainly, our battery grade portion of the market is growing. Those contracts are performing.
Eric Norris: Again, it’s Eric here. It’s a question that I ask my team and I think it’s really way too early to know. You asked in the spirit of, I think, the fact that the new subsidies went into effect as of July 1. Very often there’s a run up before any subsidy change of buying behavior. And so we don’t know what it’s going to mean going into July or August, where I could speculate one way or the other. The market for EVs remains robust, but subsidies do distort behavior. And so it’s possible that the July or August could be weak – weaker than they otherwise would be without the subsidy. On balance, though, we see a strong year for China going forward from a demand standpoint.
Eric Norris: Hi, Luke, Eric, again. So as Luke said, first of all, there’s nothing that’s changing in the next two to three years, right? The capacity that we have opted to not pursue is in that three to five-year timeframe. And that same three to five-year timeframe will have certainly the resources and the cash, should the market warranted to go after that, that opportunity. So it’s putting the stake in the ground, as Luke referred to. In terms of now your question of demand. Demand is unchanged from what we thought three months ago from what we thought six months ago. It remains strong and it – and probably stronger than – for hydroxide than we would have expected maybe six months ago. So there continues to be that edging towards hydroxide that is supported by NCA chemistries and 811 chemistries. But I’ll reiterate what I said three months ago, we never expected 811 to be a big player in EVs in the next couple of years. There are technology and processing challenges yet for that technology to be safely used in a large-scale format in a battery for an EV. It is being used experimentally in some – in China in some consumer goods products. It is being blended with a six to two to sort of, if you will, supplement the energy within that battery at a small level. But it is not – there are today, really no – we don’t see any 811 full EV batteries for some time yet. NCA continues to grow, is driven by a few automotive producers, in particular. And so that continues on. But again, going back to the original point, nothing has really changed in our demand view in the next couple of years or for that matter five years out.
Eric Norris: Hey, Chris, sure. It’s Eric here. So a couple of factors. One, demand is, as we said on prior questions, is continues to be strong, and we see it based on electric vehicle launches, commitments from EV producers to battery producers, we see that demand will continue to step up again in 2020 to a greater degree. We’ll give more specific guidance, but it’s consistent with our demand model that we articulated of 50,000 to 60,000 tons of this year and 1 million by 2025. So it’s a natural step up there. So that’s on the demand side. On the supply side, we are seeing a couple of projects on the resource side be delayed, take longer to come to market and/or under current economics, we believe may – maybe challenge to operate. And then finally, inventory, which has been a big factor in the marketplace this year, we believe, hard to quantify, a lot of it is in China. Within China, that’s largely been depleted, we think, from the supply chain, on the carbonate hydroxide side and what’s being in hands, it’s not outside of China. There continues to be some excess rock in inventory outside of China and Australia – in Australia and it continues to be some excess salt in some of the battery producers’ hands outside of China. So maybe the balance of this year that would be drawn down. And when you put that formula together, we see a pretty tight 2020.
Eric Norris: Hey, Dimitri, this is Eric. So we’re selling everything we can make, right? We are ramping up Xinyu II that has natural limitations just on the ramp experience curve, and it has limitations on customer qualification. But I can tell you that both for that plant and for Chile, which was impacted in the first quarter by a rain event, everything we can make we can sell. Where we were limited in the first-half of the year on sales growth was opportunistic sales, that would be enabled by tolling of the spodumene capacity we have. That – those opportunistic sales are off contract by nature, given that they’re opportunistic. A lot of them given us half of the market in China is in China, all of them are in carbonate. And with the excess carbonate market with prices where they are in that $8 to $9 marginal cash cost range, we just – it doesn’t make sense economically for you to do that. So we pull back on that, we maximize the growth we can get from our internal assets. And what happens in the second-half of the year is, we get the full benefit of qualification at Xinyu II running to full ramp rates on Xinyu II, which is nameplate on that facility 20,000 tons. And the same on La Negra, both – the benefit of both units running at full tilt, as well as seasonally better brine. We have now opportunity to really recover from the headwinds we had from rains in the first quarter. And those are the factors that drive the comparison first to second-half.
