Luke Kissam: Thanks Scott. By now, you have probably heard some mixed messages on other earnings calls about the economic uncertainty for 2019. The fact of the matter is that the EV supply chain has not lived through a general automotive slowdown, so there is no past experience on which to rely. It's also a fact that bromine is the Albemarle business that historically has felt the impact from an economic slowdown the earliest and the most intensely. To-date, we have seen no evidence of a slowdown in the order pattern from our customers across our businesses, but we do have some customers in bromine who indicate they are watching the second half carefully. With that in mind, let me try frame up our business outlook for 2019. In lithium, 2019 is a volume story. Our 2019 production is almost fully committed under our long-term contracts. There was a significant rain event in the Atacama in January and February. The resulting dilution in the pond system will likely cost us about 3,000 metric tons of production during the first half of the year, but we are still expecting volume growth of over 20,000 metric tons from 2018 with 10,000 to 15,000 coming from internal production and the rest from tolling. We would expect to see flat to inflationary pricing trends with any variant from that coming as a result of customer mix. We expect lithium adjusted EBITDA to increase by a little more than 20% year-over-year. Quarterly adjusted EBTIDA will increase through the year as we recover from the rain event in Chile and qualify lithium hydroxide from Xinyu II with customers and ramp production and sales. Adjusted EBITDA margin should exceed 40% but could be below 2018 levels, largely due to increased tolling volumes to support customer demand and startup costs related to Xinyu II. For bromine, we expect 2019 performance to be about flat compared to 2018. Demand for flame retardants and other bromine derivatives is expected to remain stable despite some caution coming out of the construction, automotive and electronics markets for the second half. We expect catalysts to be about flat year-over-year with adjusted EBITDA in the second half somewhat stronger than in the first. Refinery solutions is expected to provide mid single digit percentage adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding the one-time settlement of about $9 million received during 2018. FCC catalysts are expected to continue to benefit from strong demand, high utilization rates and an improved product mix, with increased sales of our max propylene product line. We also expect a similar trend in clean fuels technologies during 2019, particularly in distillates and FCC pretreat units. The growth in refinery solutions is expected to be largely offset by a decline in PCS during 2019 due to pricing pressures and the loss of a large customer contract which contributed about $11 million in EBITDA in 2018. When we add all of this together, we expect pro forma net sales growth in the range of 9% to 15%. Adjusted EBITDA should range from just over $1 billion up to $1.14 billion. We expect overall corporate adjusted EBITDA margins of around 30%. This would result in adjusted diluted earnings per share of between $6.10 and $6.50, a pro forma growth rate of $0.12 to $0.20 over 2018. With the new lithium capacity weighted to the back half of the year, the rain event in the Salar and the catalyst shipments weighted to the second half, we currently expect the cadence of earnings to ramp through the year with growth in the second half stronger than the first. And we expect the first quarter of 2019 to be about equal to the first quarter of 2018. As always, normal fluctuations in our business could have an impact on quarterly results. As we close, we have a clear and simple strategy and we are well-positioned for growth in the short, medium and long term. We have outlined our growth plan well into the next decade driven by capacity expansions in lithium and steady profits and cash flow from our other businesses. Now, it's all a matter of execution. And I believe that we have the people, the tools and the financial flexibility to be able to execute successfully and deliver stakeholder returns now and well into the future. I have never been more excited about the potential I see in our employees and our businesses and the opportunities I see for our stakeholders.
Luke Kissam: Hi. This is Luke. We have got two regulatory filings that we had made, one in Australia and one in China. We expect to get those approvals, but that's always a condition of a closing, John. So, that's an open item. And I would expect that the Wodgina phase two, it would be sequential. It would come after the phase one.
Luke Kissam: Well, first of all, we are starting with a better feedstock because we are taking the Talison rock, which is the best spodumene concentrate in the world and we have got it dialed in. We also have the process engineers from around the globe that have a history with operating within the lithium business. So we have an advantage there. But it starts with the feedstock and it rolls into the know-how of how we have develop the design as well as the improvements we have made since we purchased Xinyu.
Luke Kissam: We have got a marketing plan that we are working with right now. Some of it obviously will toll. And we will work to place that volume with strategic converters in the marketplace. And one other thing I just want to be clear is, you talked about the share of MRL. We have marketing rights to 100% of that. We will market all of the spodumene, not just a portion of it.
Luke Kissam: Yes. A lot of questions. What I would say is this, if you look around and look at announcements that have been issued over the last month or so, as we have always said, it's harder to bring this capacity online. It's one thing to issue a press release, it's another thing to go out and raise a little money. It's more difficult to do it. So I think what you are going to see is, you will continue to see in the long-run the big players, the Albemarles, the SQMs, Tianqi, the Ganfengs, those are the ones that are going to have to expand to bring this capacity online with the know-how of how to do it and the timeframe they can do it with the volume that's going to meet the big customers out there to meet that demand. As you look out long-term, the market tightens up, is our belief. We believe there will be enough to meet demand, but it's going to be tight. And in some instances, like we talked about in 2019, there's going to be a little bit of overhang. There is going to be some overhang of spodumene rock and carbonate could be long in some applications in 2019. That's going to burn off. And what you are going to see is the market is going to continue to tighten up. And I did some research on new technologies that come into the marketplace. And if you look at every new technology and you go back and look what the demand forecast was, every year when they came out of a new demand, it always got higher and the curve got steeper. And I think that's what we are going to see. I think that we have got realistic but probably overly conservative demand outlook out there. So I think we are going to be, in the long run, fairly tight. That's why it's so important for us to have resources on the balance sheet that we control, that we can execute additional capital to bring it to the market if we see the demand out there. If we don't, we just got resources for the future.
Luke Kissam: And what I would point to on that is the strategy of the long-term agreements really comes into play when you have a situation like we have today. We are very confident in what our pricing model is going to be for 2019. We are very confident in the demand. We are very confident in being able to place the volume that we can produce in 2019 with customers under long-term agreements at set prices.
Luke Kissam: Yes. Somebody's looking at what the volume was in 2018. I think what we said is our volume is going to be up around 20,000 metric tons, at least 20,000 metric tons in 2019 from that 2018 base.
Luke Kissam: Yes. That's right. So around 75,000 to 80,000 and we ought to be up at least 20,000 metric tons in 2019, about 10,000 to 15,000 of that coming from internal production and the rest of it coming from tolling.
Luke Kissam: Well, you have to put in whatever you have got as your lithium carbonate sales price because it will all be carbonate, multiply that out by 3,000. You will get a revenue number and then whatever you have got for our margins, it's not dissimilar from what our overall margins are. So that would get you to the EBTIDA number. So you are probably not far off.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think that 2020, you wouldn't see that much of a ramp, not a significant ramp in 2020 because we are starting commissioning activities. So what you would see there would be commissioning in 2020 and see a bigger ramp in 2021 from La Negra III and IV. Let us get through this year and see where that commissioning comes and you will see it. What I would expect next year is, we would be able to run La Negra I and II at full flat-out rates, which ought to give us about 45,000, that kind of level, 44,000 or 45,000, something like that. And we are certainly not going to be able to run Xinyu II at full rates this year because we are just doing qualifications right now. So you will see an additional, I would expect, nameplate next year out at Xinyu. And then we will get some for La Negra III, but not a significant ramp. But let us get through the year. Let us get more timing on the mechanical completion of III and IV and the commissioning and we will have more data to you towards the middle to end of the year.
Luke Kissam: Yes. We haven't seen a significant change. It's a slight change up from what we talked about and what we presented in the third quarter. I think that was as of November. We gave you an update. It's relatively similar to what it was then. What I would say is there are more discussions going on, on additional volume than we had at that time. But no material new contracts that have been signed.
Luke Kissam: We have laid out a plan on Kemerton. That was a build-or-buy decision. So we made the decision at that point in time with what we saw that it was better for us to move forward in Western Australia as opposed to attempting to acquire a converter. So we always looked to see what options we have that would accelerate, de-risk our strategy and drive a better return. And we will continue to do that.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So first of all, Scott, it's got nothing to do with Talison. What this is, is after we take the Talison spodumene concentrate and we look to convert that to lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide to meet the demand that we promised our customers. When we don't have that conversion capacity, we have to toll it. And what we are saying is, the actual cost being charged by the toller is up and the amount of volume that we are having to have tolled is up. So that puts downward pressure on our margins as you move more volume through that.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think if you listened to one of the early questions, Kevin, in the short-term, that spodumene rock going into China is probably going to be converted into lithium carbonate. So I don't see 3,000 to 6,000 met tons across, it will be soaked up. Somebody will be able to supply it. So could it have an impact on price? For those people who are out there short-term trying to move some carbonate short-term, it could. But for us, we don't look at it that way. We look at the impact on our long-term agreements. We don't see any. And we still have a number of conversations going on with customers who are interested in those long-term agreements. So I don't see it impacting that at all as well. We just have got to be able to produce the volume because 2019 is a volume story. So if we can't produce it in the slough, we have got to get a toll to produce it and we have got to replace it and that may mean toll volume, which could be lower margins and push our margins down a little bit. But overall, we still believe all that's within the range of the estimates that we have provided to you today.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. We did reach an agreement with Corfo. And it related to the price and the terms, how it would be calculated. And so we have got an agreement. We are comfortable with it. It's figured into our short, medium and long term analysis and forecast and it doesn't change our view of the market, our profitability or Chile in any way.
Luke Kissam: Yes. Any downside that we see today, we have included it in the downside piece of the earnings. To the extent that changes during the course of the year because you are right, bromine is the first business that we have that normally feels that pressure. We will obviously update everybody.
Eric Norris: Hi. John, this is Eric. We continue to see and we saw this last year as well, Chinese government creating incentives for longer range, higher energy, density batteries. And that's what we expect, as Scott referenced, to happen in the next set of subsidy changes for this year. You are right. The Chinese automotive market has been choppy. The global market has been choppy. It's been down, as Scott has pointed out. But on the other hand, EVs continue to grow and the incentives that the government is putting in place we believe will continue to drive the kind of range that will drive a lot of lithium consumption. If you look at the demand chart we have in our presentations, you will see a BEV battery has four times the amount of lithium in it that a PHE battery would have, right. That incentive to longer range is beneficial to us and to the industry.
Eric Norris: Well, this is Eric. It's a pretty simple answer. It's supply, right. As we all know or has been publicly published, there's new supply of spodumene coming into the market. I point out though that that is a very unproven quality, right. So I think that some of that supply will work better than others in meeting the converge demands inside China. But the more presence and more supply coming on has had the effect of creating somewhat lower prices.
Eric Norris: Yes, this is Eric speaking here. So on that, I would point out that 811 is our potential consumer of hydroxide and NCA is a consumer of hydroxide, right. So, yes, in 811, we are not seeing a rapid move to 811. The technology is interesting on an experimental level. On a commercial level, it's proving difficult to process, from a safety standpoint. It's having to be calcined several times versus straight 622 chemistry. And it does require hydroxide, but it has been challenged. The growth in hydroxide is being driven by NCA. The poster company for that is Tesla, of course, but there are other automobile manufacturers who are looking at NCA or incorporating NCA as well. And that is a 100% hydroxide-based chemistry.
Eric Norris: This is Eric again. I don't know that there's really seasonality in buying patterns. There's an ever-increasing demand. So you are going to see demand increase as we go through each year being larger at the second half of the year. There are certainly effects in China in the January, February time frame that have to do with the Lunar New Year festivals, of course. But outside of that, there is no seasonality. We see some seasonality, as do other brine producers, in the production of brine, that has to do with making a carbonate in solar evaporation. But outside of that, that's the only seasonality we could ever point to in our business.
Eric Norris: Well, it's Eric again. I would say that solid state, that holy grail of solid state is a longer term phenomenon. What we are seeing, to your point, is the gradual doping of the anode increasing and the amount of lithium increasing as we go forward over the coming five to seven years. It's built into our demand forecast. It's not a big driver of lithium carbonate equivalents for us. But it is happening. And many of our R&D efforts are directed at trying to enable that to happen. And it's happening with the large producers that represent our current customer base for carbonate and hydroxide.
Eric Norris: Hi Chris, this is Eric Norris here. So in the past, that has been the case. It's been non-battery carbonate. And increasingly now, in some of the low-end battery-grade carbonate applications, we are fulfilling some of our agreements using tolled material. And then the third use of destination of that tolled material is internal consumption for our downstream uses.
Eric Norris: Mike, this is Eric. So, I think we have said and it's still true today, most of our business is based outside of China in the EV value chain. That's both because of the type of demand we play into, from a quality perspective. And it's also a reflection of the fact that Chinese account customers had been reluctant for some time to commit to longer-term agreements. So in periods of time when there is uncertainty in their home market and certainly there's been macroeconomic weakness in China and changing subsidies, subsidies which don't necessarily advantage local manufacturing, which is largely carbonate-based as opposed to hydroxide-based, it creates uncertainty for them. So I don't doubt and we have certainly seen that. But it's part of a longer-term trend that we also note in terms of their preference for partnering on long-term contracts.
Scott Tozier: Hi Lawrence, this is Scott. So the pricing guidance that we gave is across the lithium segment. And it's not just related to our contracted business nor is it just related to our battery grade business. So it is intended to be across the business.
Scott Tozier: Hi Ian, this is Scott. The big driver for us on a year-over-year basis is the tolling mix that we are seeing in lithium. So all of that growth is not coming from our internal production. It's about 60% to 70% of it will be internal and the remainder will be based on tolling. And as a result of that, the tolling margins are quite a bit lower than our normal internal margins. So in 2019, we do expect that we will maintain margin north of 40%. It will likely be below what we had in 2018. Longer term, as you see that tolling mix change as well as the customer mix change, that will drive margins that will start to creep up over time.
Scott Tozier: Joel, this is Scott. We have not baked in anything on closing the Mineral Resources deal. So no volume upside or the debt purchase at this point in time.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Scott, this is Scott Tozier. So the growth that we are seeing geographically is in Chile, of course, as well as China. And so in both of those cases, you have got tax rates that are above 30%. So as you grow in those areas, you are going to have natural pressure up. I would say, the other factor we have got in the tax rate is as the final regulations and rules in the U.S. tax reform get settled out, we do see some effects from the so called beat and guilty taxes that flow through in 2019 and hopefully get stabilized at that point in time. But we will have to keep you updated because those rules don't get finalized until the end of June.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Sebastian, on the deleveraging question, assuming we close on the Wodgina deal in the fourth quarter, we would expect to have a net debt to EBITDA ratio of around 2 to 2.1 times. And as you think about the deleveraging, there's two components to it. One is that the Wodgina JV will start to produce earnings immediately because of the spodumene sales. So that helps. And then the second part to this is just our growth as a company overall drives a significant amount of that deleveraging. So as you look at our earnings growth with no change in debt level, we are about to drop down into that 1.5 to 1.6 times that you referenced in 2021.
Raphael Crawford: Hi, Kevin. This is Raphael Crawford. So we are expecting increase in volume and a nominal increase in price for HPC catalysts for 2019. As Luke had mentioned at the start, relatively more strength in distillates and in FCC pretreat as we are driving the volume side. And distillates is one of our more profitable segments. So that's contributing to a price mix effect. With regard to IMO, that's generally a positive trend for us. IMO increases the demand for diesel as a substitute for low-sulfur fuel oil and it's also going to increase the need for catalysts for the conversion of high-sulfur fuel oil to meet those specifications. So, in total, we expect mid single digit demand increase for HPC catalysts.
Raphael Crawford: Well, Kevin, one could speculate about the market, but let me talk about us. All volumes are all under contract. It's committed. So this makes it difficult for us to manage because we are sold out. And so we have to manage to meet the demand. But it has no issue, really, on price because we are contracted.
Raphael Crawford: Yes. Mike, this is Raphael. We are not at liberty to disclose the specifics on the customer. But there is pricing pressure on the PCS business and this is a consequence of that. That being said, we are taking action to continue to operate that business efficiently, looking for ways to fill volume and make up some of that gap in the future. But it is a circumstance that we are dealing with. On the whole, refining solutions is doing very well, did well in 2018, will continue to do well into 2019.
