Jerry Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Our second quarter results continued the positive trend from last quarter, with net sales up 60% and EBITDA up 69% versus the same period last year. We have increased our energy storage outlook for 2023 based on current market prices. Of course, the long-term shift to electric vehicles is well established and growing. Automakers are planning ahead to accommodate that future growth. For example, we signed a strategic agreement with Ford to supply over 100,000 metric tons of lithium hydroxide over a 5-year period, starting in 2026.  One of the reasons our customers choose Albemarle is our commitment to sustainability. In June, our Salar de Atacama site became the first lithium resource in the world to complete an independent audit and have its audit report published by IRMA, the Initiative for Responsible Mining Assurance. We achieved an IRMA 50 level of performance and a third-party auditor verified that the Salar site met 70% of over 400 rigorous IRMA requirements, covering topics such as water management, human rights, greenhouse gas emissions, fair labor and terms of work.  Also during the quarter, Albemarle's growth and impact on the energy transition were recognized by inclusion in the Fortune 500 rankings and in the TIME100 Most Influential Companies list. We continue to invest in future capacity to meet long-term demand. The Salar yield improvement project reached mechanical completion on schedule, and the Meishan project in China is ahead of schedule, with mechanical completion expected in early 2024.  Last month, we announced agreements to simplify and amend our joint venture with Mineral Resources. I'll update you on these activities later in the presentation.  And for now, I'll hand it over to Scott to walk you through our financial results.
Jerry Masters: Yes. I think -- I mean, we've been talking about pivoting toward resources from an M&A strategy for a while and then also going a little early stage so we get it on these opportunities earlier when they're not as expensive. Now there's more risk in that, and so -- but we're taking smaller stakes to getting our foot in the door, so to speak. And then it allows us to get information to analyze the opportunity as it develops, and then we will have an opportunity later whether we participate in a bigger way or not.  And I don't -- it's not -- the opportunities are where the resource is, and we look at those. And if we try and -- we'll look at the jurisdictions where it's the most favorable for us to do business, so -- and really, that's wherever the resource is. But North America, Canada, Western Australia mining jurisdictions that we're very familiar with, we're used to it. Geopolitical, very stable. They're used to mining operations, so Canada a little bit more than North America, in the U.S. and North America. But those are favorable, but we'll look everywhere for where the resources are, including South America. Everywhere there's resources, we look, but we balance those geopolitical stability, are they used to mining, permitting, all of those issues when we make decisions.
Jerry Masters: Yes. So look, we've -- few years -- a couple ago, we were talking about acquisition of conversion facilities. We did that at Qinzhou and we've been building those out organically. And we've been talking about pivoting toward resources as we feel like we -- starting to utilize our resource with the conversion facilities that we have. We need to identify additional resources toward the end of the decade, so we're pretty much good to about the end of the decade or so and we need additional resources beyond that. But the lead time given to identify, qualify and then bring a resource on, we need that kind of time.  So we feel pretty balanced now. I mean look, the difference between now that we bought MinRes out, we've got full control of those assets. Operationally, it's simpler, it's better, but it wasn't a huge move between. We were probably a little short on conversion. Now we're a little long, but that gives us opportunities to -- if we find a resource, we can bring on quickly, we can process spodumene for our customers. We have some customers that have secured spodumene. We can process that and participate with them in that way.  So I don't think it was a major shift and it's not a shift in our long-term strategy. We're still -- we're looking for those resources. We're good pretty much on resource and conversion with the current build program we have close to the end of the decade. But after that, we need more resources.
Jerry Masters: Yes. Okay. Colin, can you just clarify the second comment? I'm not -- I didn't really pick up the technology you referenced.
Jerry Masters: Yes. I think, look, we have a lot of effort on R&D development, particularly around process chemistry and extraction around that. But I think the autoclave process is one of the ones we're investigating and I think the industry is looking at, but it's down the road. So we're focused on not only kind of near term, what we're operating today, because we think there are significant productivity gains that we get out of our existing facilities as we've developed more sophisticated processes around that in the years to come. So the new plants we're bringing up today, we see a big productivity opportunities going forward for the next, well, 10 years probably, and probably beyond that as we get better and better at the process chemistry.  It's still early technology. It's been operated for quite some time, but at scale, it's still early technology. And then new technologies around that with different leaching agents and different techniques like pressure with an autoclave is something that we're looking at, but it's not something that's going to be in scale production in the next year or two.
Jerry Masters: Yes. I don't -- I mean it doesn't -- I mean, look, it is -- we're spending a little more capital than we had originally anticipated. But it's not -- it doesn't change it dramatically, but we do have to watch balance sheet carefully and be disciplined as we invest. But we need to make sure that we're balanced as we go forward, but we don't give up opportunities. So you see us looking for those resources and investing in those and the opportunities that are public and the ones we've just closed. So it's a combination of getting resources that are near term to the market and then investing for the long term as well. And we're -- we're trying to be very disciplined about this. We watch our balance sheet. We're very serious about that. But we don't want to miss opportunities as they come up.
Jerry Masters: Yes. And there's a balance here between -- I mean we're building large conversion assets and ramping those up. We're expanding mines and resources, bringing those on, some with different techniques around that. So tolling is a way that we can balance some of that, and we've been able to leverage that effectively.
Jerry Masters: Yes, I'm not sure what -- exactly what Mineral Resources has said on their call, but we have different views of the geopolitical risk between Australia and China. They're an Australian company, we're a U.S. company, and we -- the lithium business is a significant business in China, and we've got significant footprint there and our customers all operate there for the most part. And then we've been very -- we've been public about our pivot to the West, so we plan to serve the Chinese market but also pivot and invest West so we can localize the supply chain in the West for both.  And we'll continue to look for resource where we can find it. Australia is a -- I mean it's a stable economy. There's -- geopolitical risk is minimal, and it's a mining district. They understand mining. They understand tailings. It's just -- it's a good location to operate in from a mining standpoint, so we won't be shying away from that, from that standpoint. We'd love to diversify our resource base geographically more, but lithium is tight and where you find the good resource is where you end up going and then you end up having to manage the geopolitical aspects of that.
Jerry Masters: Yes. And that's -- I think that is the most diverse resource network within the industry, and we would like to continue to build that.
Jerry Masters: Right. So I mean, there's a couple of things in there. One, so we have pivoted to be more index based. I mean we still have typically long-term contract that they're referenced to a market index, so we're going to move with the market. And so with that move, we decided to do our guidance by not forecasting lithium prices, but by basically take the -- whatever the market is today and we forecast it for the balance of the year. And that's the methodology that we're going to use for the foreseeable future, the near term.  Ultimately, our goal is that we get to where we can forecast lithium price, and we feel confident in that. We don't feel confident in that today, so it feels prudent to -- we tried to give you the tools to adjust based on your view of that market, and that's kind of how we do guide at the moment. Ultimately, we would like to be able to forecast and feel good about that, but that's not in the near term.
Jerry Masters: I think if the question about integrating into the resource, I mean, that's fundamental to our strategy to be integrated from resource and conversion all the way to the customers. And we proved that we can guarantee the quality and the production because of the quality of the resource and then we actually do -- we do the conversion. So as requirements become more sophisticated and the lithium products become more sophisticated, we expect to be on the leading edge of that. So that's fundamental to our strategy.  And I mean, from a resource standpoint, I mean as we said, we think we are pretty good until the end of the decade. But given the time it takes to develop resources, we need to be identifying and bringing and owning additional resources. We're working on that now. And you see us -- I mean, that's some of the activity that you see from us out there, and that -- we'll continue to do that.
Jerry Masters: And then on the Meishan being early, look, it's good old-fashioned project execution. We're getting better at it. It is also that there's a -- the capability in China is significant to execute these large projects. We don't have the labor issues there that we had in Australia, so there's a number of things. Part of it is our capability is getting significantly better. We're learning every time we do a project. Part of it is about just the capability in China. And then the biggest piece, 1 of the bigger pieces is that we have labor availability there that we didn't have in Australia.
Jerry Masters: Well, I think -- I mean, well, not just III/IV, but let's say all the projects that we're working on, I think we're getting -- we're building a significant capability. It's materially different now than it was 3 or 4 years ago, and we think we can execute projects around the world on budget and on schedule.  That said, those schedules and those budgets will be different depending on where you're executing. So Europe will be different than Western Australia, North America is different and China is different. So I wouldn't use Meishan capital numbers and apply those around the world. That's not how it works. We've executed a very good project. We're still executing. It's not complete yet, but we're getting there at Meishan. We think it's going to be a great project, and we're -- we feel like the capability we built is world class in this industry, in particular. But you can't take Meishan schedules and capital numbers and apply them in Western Australia or North America or Europe.
Jerry Masters: Yes. So we -- I mean we have plans to exploit that. So we have access to the lithium in the Smackover and Magnolia. So basically, everything we pump for bromine today, we would kind of -- an easy answer is that we process that for lithium. It requires different technology, DLE based, absorption based which we have been working on. We have proprietary technology around that. We're doing -- we're building pilot plants at the moment, and we'll be able -- and we plan to execute projects around that, but we want to run pilot plant. It is a new technology, and we're going to make sure that we do it right, but we have access to the brines. We've got the infrastructure at Magnolia. We're well positioned to take advantage of that.
Jerry Masters: Okay. Thank you, Aisha, and thank you all for joining us today. We are confident in market opportunity and our disciplined strategy to achieve both short-term and long-term results. We are a global leader in minerals that are critical to a mobile, connected, healthy and sustainable future. We continue to work to be the partner of choice for our customers and investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Scott Tozier: Chris. This is Scott. So we expect the impact of the spodumene cost to be most acute in the third quarter. We'll see a headwind in the fourth quarter that's very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. So again, it will be mostly in the third quarter, and then it will start to abate in the fourth quarter.
Scott Tozier: And David, I'd just add. I mean, this is a huge competitive advantage for Albemarle. Like if you look across the competitive set, the -- there just is not a big balance sheet out there at many of our competitors. That gives us -- that just gives us the flexibility to handle the ups and downs in the market, but then the opportunities that Kent talked about.
Scott Tozier: Yes, so it's a good question. So we continue to see our inventory balances grow. It's really being driven by 2 things: Volume, as we've been ramping capacity; Tolling, as we talked about, as Eric talked about. But the second thing to keep in mind is that spodumene prices are going up in that cycle, so that's an impact on our inventory balance.  If you actually look at it on a days basis, so days of inventory, it's very consistent. So it's really just driven by the volumetric growth and those pricing impacts ultimately. So it's really not over -- we're not over-indexed on inventory. We're not under, kind of right in line with where we would expect to be.
Scott Tozier: The other thing just to remember is given our low-cost resources, our low-cost operations, it allows us to earn throughout the cycle. So we're going to have reasonable margins throughout the cycle, no matter where that price goes. And so I think that gives us more confidence in being able to take this guidance approach as well.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I'll take the MARBL question and the impact on margins. So as part of the restructuring of that joint venture, we've agreed for a period of time to continue to toll volumes out of the Wodgina mine on behalf of MinRes. And so for a period of time, I believe it goes through the middle of next year, we'll continue to have that margin headwind. Once that period is over, we'll end up improving our margin rate ultimately. We'll change the dollars because the EBITDA dollars will be the same, but the margin rate will certainly improve by that 5 percentage points.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Mike, that's a little far out. It's certainly, given the way that we're giving guidance, it's going to be a volume story next year. Of course, pricing is going to be a question mark that we would have, and it's all based on the contract structures. We're not anticipating to have any big changes in the contract structures. So as that pricing moves, we'd expect to see that trailing kind of 3-month lag to what those indices are.  I think scale becomes an important part of the story as well, so that will help on our fixed costs. So you'll see a little bit of improvement there. The operating margins will improve based on productivity. Kent talked about what we're seeing with our -- the Albemarle Way of Excellence and how that's translating into results, so we expect that to play a role in all of our businesses, ultimately. Eric, you have something...
Scott Tozier: Well, fixed cost on a unit basis will go down. Obviously, fixed costs will go up as you're adding plants on an absolute basis. But on a unit basis, meaning per ton, yes, they'll go down.
Scott Tozier: Yes, David. It's really all price. I mean we got a little bit of extra volume, but it's all just driven by the price indices where they're sitting right now. Obviously, they've recovered off the lows that happened in April and have improved, and we've -- as we've mentioned on the -- in the prepared remarks, we've held them flat in our guidance as of the end of June.
Eric Norris: Sure. Colin, this is Eric. With regard to OEM volumes, I would -- just the first comment I would make is that the vast majority of OEM contracted volumes today are future based. They're for mid-decade onwards. More of the supply chain for their lithium needs is secured today through battery producers. We've seen, through the middle of the year, very strong demand, over 40% demand growth in registered EV sales through June. Early data from China on July looks promising as well, so we're not seeing any pressure. We've certainly seen headlines that certain EV models in the U.S. potentially may be slower, but I would caution you that that's a small part of the market. The rest of the market and the demand we're seeing is quite strong.  As for the second question, I don't know if you want to address that, Kent.
Eric Norris: Yes. This is Eric speaking. So our tolling volumes overall for this year will be about twice what we did last year, and it is largely for 2 reasons. One, because it takes a while to qualify and find the right tollers and partners as we grow that volume, and that's -- so there's a lag in that. That pushes it into the second half of the year. As well as spodumene availability is also back-end loaded in the second year.  And then finally, you referenced a market phenomenon. We were in a weak market in January, February where -- you're quite right, we were not aggressively going after incremental volumes because of the state of the market. As we sit here today, the market is quite strong. We've seen this growth I referenced in the earlier comment, around over 40% growth in EV sales. We see strong demand for product in all regions. And as it comes -- as it pertains to tolling in China, it will be back-end loaded both because the demand is there but also because we have the available supply and relationships in place.
Eric Norris: Yes. I might also add that to your earlier question that another individual asked around the -- some of the additional conversion capacity coming on the MinRes deal, that's now volume that we can self-produce as opposed to toll as well. And so while -- if you look at the next 18 months, we are probably still long resource versus conversion. Adding more conversion in near term means we can do less tolling and bring in self-produced.  And that's really how we look at our tolling business. There's always some amount we do. It will vary as we bring on assets, and it allows us to continue to have a large and growing footprint in the market. It's a part of why we are going to be at the higher end of our 30% to 40% growth range in volume year-over-year. But then our strategy is to self-produce, and we certainly have the ability, probably more so than any other producers we talked about, to build that capacity both inside and outside of China to meet that demand growth.
Eric Norris: And Kent, just to reiterate, just clarify that our resource base is in Australia, Western Australia. North America now with Kings Mountain, certainly Silver Peak. We have this investment now in Patriot and then South America, largely Chile, obviously. So our resources -- and those would be the areas that we continue to focus on as being the favorable jurisdiction with sort of low-cost first quartile cost position resources.  So that's -- and what we do in China is conversion, and it's a great -- it's a large market for -- and demand in China is certainly a growing one as we move to the West.
Eric Norris: I'm just going to say, as it pertains to price, we -- as Kent said, we don't have the confidence to know exactly ourselves what price is going to do, but we do know this. We believe that the market will continue to be quite tight next year as well. There'll be significant demand growth in the market, and indeed, there will be more supply growth as well. But those two will be fairly matched, right? It will be a fairly tight market.  So that much we foresee, how that plays out from a price standpoint, to be determined.
Eric Norris: So Ben, this is Eric. On seasonality, indeed, whether it's ICE vehicles or electric vehicles, there is a crescendo in the year, I guess the demand is stronger in the second half seasonally than in the first. However, I would be careful to say that we had weakness in the first part of the year. We had a weak January, particularly in China, the market did, but that's really China and the timing of the New Year. What happened with price and why we talked about price coming down and the inventory correction was inventory correction was not demand growth. Demand growth has remained strong and has strengthened as the year has gone on. U.S. up over 50%, China, up 45% through the middle part of the year. The only market that hasn't been as strong up in the 20s percent range is Europe, and I think that has a lot to do with some of the macro and other headwinds that we all know about in Europe. But as we look across the year, we still see a 40% growth in the marketplace.  So there are certainly lots of macro headwinds we can talk about, but despite these, we still see that secular shift supported by incentives in China. Grid storage has also been a big growth in China recently as well and continued growth outside of China for EVs. So, yes. I guess I'd say on the demand front, be careful to assume that we had a weak first quarter. It was not bad when it ended. Pretty strong actually.  The next question, I think to you was -- Ben, what was your second question? Please repeat it.
Eric Norris: The uplift, well, look, I mean it's -- Salar Yield is going to allow us to get to nameplate capacity over the next couple of years at La Negra, which is 85,000 tonnes. And the -- once we start loading brine from the Salar Yield project in ponds, it's actually -- we're able to slightly more -- there is a shortcut, it's closer to 6 months. So within 6 months, so starting next year, we'll start to see the benefit of that uplift.
