Luther C. Kissam: Yes. And that was specifically in Europe. So I think what the issue has been, as it seems to us, is that there hasn't been the demand for our customers' products in the markets which they're selling. So they're seeing a slowdown. So they don't need that efficiency, Bob, to get higher throughput and efficiencies in their production process. So they seem to be going to a -- at least in the second quarter, seem to be going to a lower performance catalyst. But we've already seen in July some of those orders picking up, so I think it will return to norm in due course.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, Bob, I hope that's the case. But I don't think you did the math right. What, if you'll look at what I'm trying -- the point I'm trying to make is, we've previously stated that we're going to try to maintain a level of roughly one-time net debt to EBITDA. Now if we were that -- that would assume you can buy back shares, $350 million, $400 million a year. My CFO's kind of shaking his head. But something kind of in that range, that doesn't prohibit us from the possibility of leveraging up further if we decide that's the right point. So I think that's what you got to look to. It's more the amount of leverage we would be willing to put on, on the business in order to acquire those shares. We'll still have fundamental underlying growth, but it's not going to be anywhere near the kind of number that you just drew out.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. P.J., I think if I look from where we estimate it, if you go back and look, remember we talked about polymer margins being in the 30% range by that time. And where we are today, given the dynamics and what's going on with PCs and televisions, I have a hard time seeing us get to that kinds of margins given where we are today by 2015. So I think the one where we've got the biggest gap is on polymers, and particularly in that one area. When I talk about the being 12 to 24 months early, the bromine expansion, if you look at capacity today, we clearly didn't need that capacity for another 24 to 30 months. I mean, we could have gotten along with the capacity we had. So bromine was clearly early. And on Catalysts, it's a lull today. I don't know whether it's actually 12 months early or -- it's hard to tell, because you don't know what the economy is going to do. But it's clear that we don't need it today. So on both of those, we don't need them today, but in both of those instances, because of our market leadership position, we took the position that it was better to be early and be able to meet the demands of the market as opposed to being late and running the danger that someone else steps in and fills our shoes as the market leader. So that's the decision that we took.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes -- no. When I was talking about the order slipping, I was really referring to Refinery Catalysts. So it's not a destocking at all, it's just a matter of when they're going to turn around the unit and when do they want to make the purchase. Do they want to make it in this calendar year? Or do they want to make it in the next calendar year based on when they're going to do their turnaround, how they do their annual budgets and that. But it has nothing to do with destocking in that space.
Luther C. Kissam: Absolutely. What we've done is we've got a bromine task force. And that bromine task force is, the job, their sole job is to find, first of all, new applications for bromine in general. And if you look at the GBU, they've got -- the polymers GBU has a corresponding task force looking for ways that we can spread our applications in flame retardants into other areas, not only in electronics, but other areas where we don't participate today. So looking for that is bromine, as well as our Gemini product and phosphorus and mineral products as well. So a lot of work going over there, and we believe these markets are still strong. And we've got to find ways to get into other areas of markets where we don't play today, to expand our footprint.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Thanks, Kevin, I appreciate that question. I think -- I love the Catalysts business, first of all. I think it's a good solid performance-driven business that delivers high margins for us. If I look at the growth and I look over the next 2 to 3 years, we've been public about the wins that we've seen in our high oil upgradings, our fluid cracking catalysts. We believe that our technology is strong for what we're going to see in a lot of areas of the world, where they're going to have to maximize that propylene yield, and that had to resid. There's the shale gas. Everybody's talking about light sweet oil in the U.S. and that is certainly there, but in emerging regions of the world. They're not going to be able to crack naptha, so they're going to look to be maximizing that propylene yield to the maximum that they can in areas of the world, and we believe our technology there. So I feel really strongly about the growth of our FCC business 2014 and on into the future. We got that business, we got to keep it, and we plan on keeping it. But our technology should be the winning technology in the bulk of these new units coming online. If you look at our win rate on hydroprocessing catalysts, it's going quite well. We've not lost any share, we hadn't -- I wouldn't say we gained any share, but we're winning the winning units that we would expect to use based on our technology and our relationship with UOP there for the new units. As you know, we've done quite well with those new unit wins, so that's been a strong partnership. And I continue to see growth in those areas of the world, particularly as you see the sulfur specifications in the areas around the world getting tighter and tighter, and that doesn't even talk about bunker fuels and things like that with regard to ship carries and things. So I continue to see a tightness in those sulfur specifications driving the use of our Clean Fuels Technologies. And Brazil's going to bring those units online. It's just a matter of timing. And when they do, we'll be there with our partners, Petrobras, to have -- capture more than enough of their share of that growing market. So that business should continue to grow. On Performance Catalyst Solutions and organometallics, we are the market leader with the world's low-cost position. And we make good margins about those products. We've got customers that are -- we've got other competitors trying to come in and become the market leader. But we're there, and we're going to maintain our market leadership. And we're going to capture more than our fair share of growth in these markets. We've worked too hard to let it go away, and we're not. So I continue to see strong growth in our organometallics and are excited about the possibilities in LED. If you listen to companies such as Philips, who has the bulk of the fluorescent market today, they're talking about the amount of volume they're going to see in LEDs and moving to LED lights. So I feel like that LED market from lights and backlighting, it keeps moving a little bit, seems to be delaying a little bit, but it's going to come. There are too many people in the industry, too many companies in that lighting industry, who are making it their commitment to move to that line of lighting. So we're going to be set there with the largest, best cost position from the key intermediates that are going to allow us to go downstream in this LED market. So I feel good about the long-term prospective for growth in LED and our organometallics. So all in all, I love Catalysts, it's got great growth, got great legs in the long term.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at pricing, what I would say is clear brines have held in there pretty fine. They haven't seen a whole lot of degradation in pricing in clear brines. It is what it is. On clear brines, it's not a matter generally of price, it's a matter of do you have the product in the area of the world where it needs to be, when they finished -- when they complete that well. So we hadn't seen a whole lot of price degradation there at all, it's been pretty solid around the globe. With regard to the volumes, they had a tough comp in the first quarter. It was the second-highest volume we'd ever had. And remember, Kevin, while we brought the JBC online and commissioned it in the second quarter, we didn't see any commercial production held from that in the second quarter at all. So I would think, to conclude the rest of the year, we're going to see similar volumes that we've seen to the first half, which would be a record year for clear brine fluids. So I feel like that business is in good hands.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think if you're looking at that, I would not -- you should not expect that you're going to see another plan C like we went through in 2009. We are going to be committed to bromine task force. We're going to be committed to innovation and in intimacy with our customers to grow new products. That's going to be our focus. There are levers that we can certainly pull. There are opportunities for us from a cost standpoint, from a collaboration standpoint, from a partnering standpoint that would give us more leverage across our spend and across our revenue. I'm not quite sure that we could increase the revenue because of that, but we certainly would work to maximize our bottom line.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. On the mercury removal, I haven't seen any change from the EPA. I know there are some lawsuits, but our current expectation is that it's still a 2015 type of area in the U.S. for that registration. So I would expect that we would -- you would see some increased bromine use for that. I’d keep in mind that the Mercury removal, if you go to the EPA regulations, and you really need the 95%, that's really an activated carbon play. There's not as much bromine. I mean, the bromine put on that is insignificant compared to that as any carbon. So to have the material share of that, we're going to have to have a more reliable domestic source of activated carbon, and we've got -- we're working on that today. But absent being able to get a meaningful and reliable domestic source of activated carbon, our share in that market will be minimal.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, that's -- it mainly, all that mainly is in clear fields technologies, okay? So when you've got -- our specific situation in the FCC that I talked about is there's a new unit coming online, and that construction is being delayed, I mean, their startup is being delayed. So sometimes you have those where you have construction being delayed. They tell you a date, you got to be ready to have the -- you got to be ready to have it there, the FCC catalyst there, so it can operate when it cranks up. If you really look at HPC catalysts, if you look at last year -- let's use last year as an example. In 2012, we moved roughly 22,000 metric tons of HPC catalysts. First quarter was about 6,500. Second quarter was, if my numbers are right, about 3,700. Third quarter, about 4,600. And the fourth quarter it was about 7,300. So it's a lumpy business. And what we've seemed to see over the course of the last few years is you've seen a heavier first and a heavier fourth quarter and then a weaker middle, and that's consistent whether you're going to see the turnaround. So you see turnarounds mostly in the first quarter because they want to be up and ready for the driving season that starts in the middle of the year. What I can't tell you is I don't know how much of that high first quarter is being pushed from the fourth quarter and how much of the fourth quarter is in anticipation of that first quarter. I just don't have data to do that. And we're not -- it's not backordered like you'd think about as if I was an engineer or in a construction company. So what we have to do is, when they tell us that they need their order, when we first go to produce that product, we got to have it ready at the earliest time when they say they may need it. Because if we don't have it ready when they say they need it, they're going to go somewhere else and get it. And you can do that once, but you can't do it twice. So we can't risk that, so we got to have the catalyst ready. And then we're kind of up to their desires about when they actually want to take it, and that's based on their budgets and a lot of other items. So I didn't really -- I don't know if -- that's about as good an answer as I can give you, Vincent. I wish I could do better, but that's where we are.
Luther C. Kissam: Sure. On the orders and what pushed and might be tailwind for next year, I'm not -- we're not trying to push anything into next year. I don't -- that's not how we're going to run our business. When the customer wants it, that's when we're going to get it to them. So I don't -- right now, we're expecting everything that they told us they're going to want in the fourth quarter is going to go in the fourth quarter. And if it doesn't, if it slides in the first, then it'll slide to first. But we're not going to try to push anything to get a tailwind. So, Laurence, there isn't really anything. I can't give you -- if one order moves, it might be $1 million. If another order moves, it might be $8 million. So I can't -- without knowing exactly what's going to move and what might not, I can't give you a good answer on that, okay? With regard to margins, I still believe that Fine Chemistry is a 20%, low 20% to mid-20% margin product if we get the right custom services contracts in there. And we've done that in the past, and I think that's where the sweet spot's going to land for Fine Chemistry. On Catalysts, there's not a reason in the world once we get some of these onetime year-over-year matters behind us, there's not a reason in the world I can't be a mid-20% to 30% margin business. We've done it in the past and we certainly expect that kind of profitability going forward.
Luther C. Kissam: What would I see? I'd be able to see a -- where, I don't see where I have a demand for new products. We've got 1 or 2 projects out there right now that we've actually have held up on, seeing what's going to happen with demand. Now, what's going to happen? And if we continue to see the kind of market demand in our key segments that we're seeing today, I think next year you'll see us closer to that level.
Luther C. Kissam: Mike, I can't give you a good answer on that one. I'll have to get the data and get back with you. I only know what we are scheduling to ship from our customers. And what we're seeing is stronger FCC sales building during the fourth. We'll see a volume increase in FCC over the second half. And the way it's set up now in HPC, if the orders go as expected, the second quarter will be strong and the fourth quarter could be a new record.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at all that, it's going to be a tough order to fill. We’re not -- what we're trying to do is this, if you really look at where we are today, we're a catalyst and bromine company. And we've got to have a focus on growing the pie, not the share, but growing the pie in bromine, okay? And new -- if you look at who's got capacity around the world, new uses of bromine benefit us more than anybody else in the industry. So we've got to have a dedicated focus to driving new applications for bromine, and that's what -- we've initiated that. And it's too early right now to give you any indication about what areas we may be looking at, what the opportunity costs or all that there. But we've got metrics, we've got milestones and we've got a list of credible opportunities for us to go after in that regard.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, you got to look at the comparisons, first of all. So if you look at Catalysts, we got 2 things. We got about $40 million or $50 million hitting it year-over-year between the startup costs, the volume absorption loss and the rare earth pass through. So that’s $50 million a pop right there. And how much of that is self-inflicted, how much of that is market? I can't tell you. We've been operating in polymers. If you look at electronics, we've really been in a trough since 2011. So in 2009, what happened is the world ended. Nobody took any volume. It didn't matter what price you offered, because nobody was taking it. We've been now in a trough for probably 18 months, 18 to 24 months, if you really look at it, because there was some false demand in 2011 in the first half.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, and the beginning of '12. So if you look at that, we've really been in a trough. So people get antsy in a trough and try to start biting off a little bit here, and we were having to protect it. So we lost some price, Mike, on that one. So is that economic or is that competitive? I don't know. So I think that even in this downturn, you got to remember, we've got 22% EBITDA margins, okay? Now we want to do better. But in the economy that we're working in with those kind of headwinds, and you're right, some of them were self-inflicted because we invested early, intentionally did it. 22% EBITDA margins under those conditions still shows you a strong business. It's going to throw off great cash flow.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I don't feel the need to do an acquisition for the sake of doing an acquisition. I think that our strategy is sound, and I think that we've got the opportunities in all these businesses to continue to grow. But we're certainly in the market looking at acquisitions. I mean, there's one, particularly in the Catalysts area. Dow's got a UNIPOL business that's up for sale. Well, certainly, I'd be looking at that business. And because it's right in our sweet spot from a catalysis standpoint, as I'm sure will a lot of other catalyst companies. So we're looking, we got a strong balance sheet. We've demonstrated in the past the ability to lever up both for acquisitions, as well as to return capital to shareholders. And we'll continue to balance that act and do both.
