Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. I want to take a minute to update you on the market conditions we're seeing for each business segment. We continue to forecast demand for clear brine fluids to remain strong, following an excellent third quarter. Gulf of Mexico average rig counts increased sequentially again from 51 in the second quarter to 59 in the third quarter while the average international offshore rig count of 321 is up 6% year-to-date versus the full year average for 2012. In Polymer Solutions, there have been no developments in terms of our order book or the external indicators we monitor that would lead us to a more optimistic view than we shared on our last call. The most positive trend across our order book remains the continued relative strength of our brominated polystyrene family of products for connectors, which corresponds with the pattern of the Bishop Report Connector Confidence Index. That index, which was at 75.6 in September, has stayed in positive territory all year and is up from its 2-year low of 35.1 of a year ago. In contrast to the positive connectors trend, the IPC book-to-bill ratio slipped to 1.01 in August, down from the 1.12 at the time of our last earnings call. Historically, ahead of the holiday season, we've usually seen a meaningful third quarter uptick for tetrabrom. However, this year's third quarter pickup was weaker than prior years. In terms of the global TV market, the most recent full year shipment forecast from GfK called for a 5% rise that is 100 basis points lower than the prior forecast with all of the growth coming from developing markets where flame retardant usage is usually low. The number of weeks of TV panel inventory declined sequentially during the quarter. However, at roughly 2.5 weeks, it remains well above historical averages in terms of inventory. Gartner and IDC both reported declines of 8% to 9% in global PC shipments in the third quarter of 2013 compared to the third quarter of 2012. While this was less severe than recent quarters, PC replacement cycles continue to lengthen and smartphones and tablets continue to partially displace PCs and notebooks. Finally, with respect to Europe, we're observing mixed signals. On the one hand, trends have not improved with regard to residential construction, which suggest continued subdued demand for HBCD, a brominated flame retardant used in insulation. On the other hand, we have seen signs of stabilization in the wire and cable market, particularly for automobiles, which should stabilize mineral flame retardant demand. Within Catalysts, we expect FCC volume and pricing to remain strong for the foreseeable future. We are also expecting the fourth quarter to be our best HPC volume quarter for the year, but there are a number of orders scheduled for December and there is always a risk that some could slip into 2014. All in all, we expect fourth quarter results to be higher than third quarter and continue to expect full year EPS to be in the range we outlined in July. The critical factor comes down to the timing of HPC shipments currently scheduled for December. In closing, there is some uncertainty regarding the path and pace of global economic growth for the foreseeable future. It seems clear that developing economies, in particular, are not likely to grow as fast as they have on average in prior years with downward revisions to GDP continuing to occur for Brazil, China, India and many others that we expected to be a key source of demand for our products. No matter the conditions, our job is to manage through any number of headwinds and our past record indicates that we can do so. We remain confident in the long-term fundamental trends driving our businesses and convinced that our business restructuring will accelerate the implementation of our strategy and the creation of shareholder value. The businesses continue to exhibit substantial earnings and cash generation power, and we look forward to sharing with you our views on 2014 in our January call. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I don't know that I'll get a whole lot of quantification. But essentially, the story is FCC is going to remain strong. HPC is going to have a fairly significant uptick in volume, similar to what they had in fourth quarter and we'll have -- PCS will be a little weaker.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's different in different pockets. If you look across the bromine channel, we've seen some success in some specialty bromides. If you look at bromine and HBr, not as successful. If you look at tetrabrom, it's pretty -- it's stabilized but not seeing a whole lot of movement. A lot of tetrabrom is for bid so it really depends upon how the Chinese and the other competitors react. So we felt it's important to put the price increase out there. We're still out there pushing for it, but we've not seen the success that in some areas that we've seen in the past, although we are seeing some stabilization in most areas, David.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I don't want to go into a whole lot of detail specifically about what they are because it's a competitive landscape. And if you look at the other bromine producers, I'm sure they're looking for additional uses of bromine as well. So I don't want to get into too much on the call. But we will take resources and reallocate them to these uses. The thing I would caution you is it's always exciting to put a time line on when these things are going to commercialize. And the fact of the matter is you're not -- you ought to not expect anything in 2014 and nothing in 2015 except additional R&D costs going into this area and us hitting internal milestones. For instance, there was 1 project that we had that we were excited about. We couldn't hit the milestones. We couldn't make it work technically so we've killed the project. That's -- you never want to kill a project, but that's good because while working we found out we couldn't do it. Now, we've moved onto the next. So what I would tell you is this is just like any R&D pipeline that you see where you have metrics and milestones and accountabilities and we're going to stick to that process to try to grab those new uses.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, as I've just explained to David Begleiter's question there, pretty same -- similar question, we're seeing some success in pockets, some stabilization and some where it's not going through as well it has in the past. But I would believe it is the right approach to take, committed to it and we're going to work to ensure that we're getting the value for the performance enhancement that these products bring.
Luther C. Kissam: None out of the ordinary in the quarter is what I would say. You always have an FCC unit here, an FCC unit there doing a trial, ensuring the refineries. They're not stupid. They use that to keep everybody in line, as well as to see if there's other performance requirements, P.J. So I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. There's one thing, I'd like -- I've gotten a lot of questions about this both on the call and then some follow-up calls when we're out with analysts. And I'd like to talk just for a little bit about our view on valuation in FCC Catalysts. In 2004, before -- when we went to buy the Akzo Nobel refinery catalyst businesses, there was an article written by McKinsey that said FCC was a commodity and should be priced as such. And at that point in time, in 2004, when we bought the business, there was about -- we were selling, or Akzo was, about 125,000 metric tons roughly of FCC catalysts at about $1,000 a met ton and it was breaking even. Subsequent to that, after we paid the multiple we paid for that business, we looked at the value that, that product was delivering, we looked at the performance, we looked at our technological advantage and we started pricing for the value that the product brought. Now when we led that price increase, our volume went down to 85,000 metric tons. So we were down 25% to 30% on the volume. Today, however, the base price is well north of $3,000 and we're still not back to the volume we were in 2004, but it is a better business because we're delivering value to the refiners on the technological performance that we deliver. That's what this business is all about. Customers are going to have trials. And if the crude slate's working your way like it happens to be working our way on FCC catalysts right now and you're delivering value to those refineries and making them more profitable, they're going to switch. They're not going to switch on price unless the performance is equal. So I really -- this is not something as easy where a competitor or Albemarle or anybody else can go out there and try to buy share. It's a performance sale. It has been since we started this thing in 2006 to 2007.
Luther C. Kissam: I mean, Gemini, in -- and I'll put it out in 5 years or so. I mean, Gemini is kind of in the range of maybe, under certain applications, probably $100 million-type revenue business, profitable business, but in nice applications. And the LED market on what that is, that could be larger. It simply depends upon where our share ends up being in that market over the long term and the adoption of LEDs and OLEDs.
Luther C. Kissam: No, it doesn't impact us at all because of the -- I mean, the volume that we're taking out of there is so small, it doesn't impact us at all.
Luther C. Kissam: The first one on the corporate expense, I'm going to let Scott address that one and then I'll address the buybacks.
Luther C. Kissam: And with regard to the buyback, I think, as you can tell from the way we've approached it this year with accelerated buyback in that program, I don't think that we're in the business of being opportunistic in buying back stock. I think you'll see a steady buyback next year. And at the call in January, once we get through the AOP and see where we think we can get enough from a cash position, we'll outline the type of range of the buyback that you can expect during the course of 2014.
Luther C. Kissam: That's a good question. What I would say is, right now I don't foresee any divestitures. But there are some businesses that we need to work to improve some profitability and we've got plans to do that. And some of them are in a shorter leash than others.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's going fine. We've approved a project in Bayport facility. That will give us about, over there, roughly, forget what we said publicly before, it's roughly in the range of around 10% or so. And so that's moving along nicely. And we've got plans for other small debottlenecks at both Amsterdam and Bayport to ensure that we're able to meet -- timely meet the demands of our customers and continue to grow this business.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I think that the Cambridge acquisition, it's a very, very small number from a revenue standpoint. It is -- or from an EBITDA standpoint. It won't move the needle at all. What it is, is it was an acquisition of technology. In our PureGrowth family of organometallics, there's 4 basic fundamental products you need to have in your portfolio to be able to service that electronic materials market. We had 3. We weren't able -- we're having difficulty developing the fourth one to the purity scale that it needed to be. Cambridge had a technology that allowed us to do that, as well as improve some of the product performance that we have in our existing portfolio. So this is really a technological -- a technology acquisition. And it also -- it'll give us -- in addition to having those 4 products to give us a full portfolio, what I'm the most excited about is any time you have R&D and technical resources coming together and have sharing new ideas, you usually always get 1 plus 1 equals 3. So I'm excited, finally, to get these R&D guys together so that they can collaborate because I believe we're going to see some more real breakthroughs in our electronic materials. But you ought not -- it won't move -- it's not going to move the needle meaningful from -- in and of itself, but more in the long term how we grow that electronic materials business.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think we're in we're a middle of our AOP process for 2014 right now. And the roll-up, I think, is scheduled for later this month. So that is going to be one of the key assessments, I think, we do just like we do in every other business: what's the potential, what's the risk, what's the upside, what's the downside and do we have the skill set to do what we need to do? So it is -- continues to be a profitable business. As I said on the last call, we invested capital probably 18 to 24 months too early and we've got to deal with those costs and we've got to have a plan to fill those assets up and that's what we're working on right now.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I think when you look at -- the big issues have really been television enclosures and European construction. Those are the 2 big movers on price. We're still getting some pricing pressure in our 8010 family of products and TV enclosures. And HBCD, you're working on a really tough comparison year-over-year because we had some price increases related to a plant shutdown for a key raw material that we didn't have this year. So you're looking at a tough comp. So I think it's a matter of what happens with the end markets, particularly the enclosures and the television sets, as well as we need some help on construction. And those are the 2 really ones that are moving it, to be honest with you.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, it's lower demand as opposed to lower -- to more capacity. What's happening is because -- I think what's happening, you're seeing, is in electronics in China, you're seeing lower demand overall for electronics so the bromine producers are looking for somewhere to put that bromine. They're putting it in 8010, they're putting it in HBCD and they're selling out against it and they're moving it at lower prices. In some instances, our competitors are trying to adapt to that and we are as well. So it really, really more is a demand than a supply change. There's been no change in -- that I'm aware of. And particularly for us, I can just say for us and then what I'm publicly were of, a change in capacity for 8010 for enclosures, HBCD or any of our brominated polystyrene family of products.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It's -- I'll take -- let me take the second question first. We're finalizing the AOP now, Jeff. But I think you should assume a good number for our capital for next year is going to be in the range of $125 million, plus or minus 10%, in that kind of range, which would be closer to our level of depreciation. We've got the assets built, so absent something that I don't know about today, that's the range that you can expect for 2014. We'll give you a better number in January but that's kind of the range right now. For the drag, I'll turn it over to Scott to talk about that for a second.
Luther C. Kissam: The costs are going to be exactly the same. The difference is going to be we're going to have commercial sales in 2014. They're going to offset those costs whereas today we don't have that. We only have qualification trials. So we don't have any revenue to offset the costs. Costs will be exactly the same. Next year, we should have the revenue and certainly would hope that the revenue would overcome the costs next year.
Luther C. Kissam: Okay. I think, Scott, you take the catalyst one because I think you just answered that a second ago, but go ahead one more time.
Luther C. Kissam: And then I'd say on pricing -- Scott, you can talk a little bit, but the big pricing pressure has come in, in the brominated flame retardants and polymers. It's really -- there's pricing pressure on the 2 major areas we've seen: 8010 in television enclosures continues to be under pricing pressure and it's lower year-over-year. And HBCD, the brominated flame retardant that goes into residential construction mainly in Europe, has been under continued pricing pressure and we had a volume issue there as well. I don't see that really changing in the fourth quarter. We haven't seen that -- I don't know whether or not that pricing pressure will continue. But that tetrabrom seems to have bottomed out a little bit of positive movement there. Brominated polystyrene seems to have been hanging in there fine. So it really comes down to what goes into enclosures and what goes into construction. If you're overall also looking at polymers and you're looking at mineral flame retardants, the mineral flame retardants, as we -- the pricing seems to have stabilized. I'd caution you, though, as we sell more into China to baseload our plant for when our JV comes online in 2015, there is -- that is a less profitable sale because of the cost of transportation that we have from Europe, so the pricing seems to have stabilized in mineral flame retardants.
Luther C. Kissam: And was also up sequentially over -- like double digits. Then if you look to the fourth quarter, will probably be roughly flat sequentially, I would say, kind of in that range, too hard to tell which would be a favorable -- we'd be up, gosh...
Luther C. Kissam: Well, yes. I mean, if you look, our electronic materials business that we sell into electronic materials was double what it was in the second quarter, I think, sequentially. I think sequentially, we doubled it. But we expected to do much better. We expected a quicker uptake on the LEDs and we just hadn't seen that to date, Steve.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So Laurence, in the quarter, corporate -- as you stated, corporate expenses were lower than expected, driven mostly by reduction in our overall personnel expenses incentive pay. We've had a similar effect there in 2012. We're still going through the reorganization process so it's hard to put a specific number on how that corporate expense line would normalize out. But I would expect that fourth quarter and going -- it will be around a $16 million, $17 million level and be -- right now, there's nothing that would point to normalization back to the $19 million to $20 million that we've -- normally would plan for in 2014.
Scott A. Tozier: We continue to like the net-debt-to-EBITDA target of 1.0x and you can expect us to try to hold to that level.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, Kevin, the combination of the Korea new plant, as well as SOCC, is going to affect us by $20 million to $25 million this year from a cost overhang perspective. We'd start to see -- related to SOCC, you'll start to see more shift of profitability into our joint venture line out of our core operating profit starting in the fourth quarter and that will continue going into next year. And then obviously, Korea, we're expecting to start to pick up as we go into next year as we start to fill those plants.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, I would say that the biggest driver for that dynamic are twofold: one, we've got the start-up costs that are drying on us. However, FCC performance, or fluid cracking performance, has been very good and we've been getting some good cost performance out of that business given the factory's performance. And then also the pricing there has been favorable for us as well. So overall, that's what's pushing that profitability to be roughly flat.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes, and Jeff, the costs that we're talking about both with Korea, as well as SOCC are the cost of operating those plants. So those costs will be there. Our challenge is to fill those plants. Now we're in the process of transferring products from our plant from the U.S -- TEA from our plants in the U.S. over to SOCC right now, as I mentioned on the call. So we'll start to see that shift happening into that plant even now in the fourth quarter. There's a little bit in the third quarter. Korea is all about trying to fill that plant as we've talked about and drive the revenue up in those areas.
Scott A. Tozier: Sure. So real quick on the Catalysts revenue. As you say, overall, our revenue was down but segment income was about the same, really driven by the performance of fluid cracking catalysts on both the volume that we're producing, it's giving us some favorable factory performance. We've got some raw material performance there as well and that's offsetting these -- more than offsetting the start-up costs that we just talked about. And so that favorability coming out of Refinery Catalysts is really helping us.
