Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Frances, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As an initial matter, I would like to note that our discussion today will include statements regarding the proposed merger between Albemarle Corporation and Rockwood Holdings. Certain statements regarding this transaction as well as certain statements related to Albemarle's plans, strategy and expectations regarding the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our filings with the SEC, including those related to the transaction. That same language applies to the statements today. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude discontinued operations, special and non-operating items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. You should also know that this discussion does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval. Our filings with the SEC related to the transaction contain important information the proposed transaction. Stockholders and investors should review those filings carefully. They can be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website, from our Investor Relations website or by calling our Investor Relations Department at 225-388-7322.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A. And I would just remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so everyone have the chance, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons if time allows. Please proceed, operator.
Lorin Crenshaw: I’d just say thank you to everyone for your time and your attention. If you have further questions, give us a call. Have a good day.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everybody. I’ll start with some comments on the quarter, Scott will review the performance of our business segments and financial results, before providing perspective on our outlook for the rest of the year. I’ll end by providing an update on the Rockwood transaction. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael would join us to address your questions.  Third quarter results exceeded our expectations heading into the quarter, with earnings per share $1.14, up 5% year-over-year and up 4% sequentially. Net sales of $642 million also showed solid growth, 9% year-over-year and up 6% sequentially. EBITDA was $145 million and EBITDA margins were 23%.  All in all, this was a very good quarter. Scott will go into the details, but our performance was primarily driven by Catalyst Solutions, which has a great year so far with 27% segment income growth through the first nine months versus the comparable period of 2013.  Third quarter Catalyst results reflected solid refinery and polyolefin catalysts volume growth year-over-year and positive refinery catalyst pricing. Our catalysts team delivered these results while safely and successfully brining on line additional capacity at our Bayport FCC plant which is a credit to the focus of each of the employees involved as they executed plant turnaround without missing a beat. To date, this expansion which was necessary to meet the projected demand of our existing customers is reducing own spec TOPAZ catalysts at expected operational rates.  Catalyst performance offset weaker-than-expected results within Performance Chemicals. Performance Chemicals’ profits declined year-over-year on lower Fire Safety Solutions pricing and operational issues at some of our bromine units which led to higher manufacturing costs. These headwinds were partially offset by better pricing in specialty chemicals and higher volumes across the GBU.  Heading into November, these operational issues appear to be behind us. As we announced during the quarter Albemarle and Israel Chemicals agreed to establish a manufacturing joint venture for a bromine based polymeric flame retardant to replace HBCD in the construction end markets. HBCD is being phased out in the European Union and other countries.  The joint venture will own two plants, one in the Netherlands which is already in operation and producing commercial volumes and one in Israel which is scheduled to come on line within the next few months. The transaction is subject to certain closing conditions, including regulatory approval, but is expected to close in 2015. This venture represents the most cost effective and timely means for us to bring our GreenCrest product to the market.  We were also pleased to close the previously announced sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses to SI Group in the third quarter and received the associated cash proceeds from the sale. The divestiture improves our overall company margins, tightens our focus and places these assets into the hands of a company with a more strategic focus in those end markets.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott, to discuss our business results and outlook. 
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I appreciate the question. From an oil standpoint, oil price standpoint, we really don’t see a impact on the catalyst business. The oil price, that catalyst demand is really driven more by transportation fuel demand and demand for plastics. In the oil price, we haven’t seen and don’t expect it to have any significant impact on our catalyst business. From a clear completion fluids business, I think you have to break it down whether it’s a – you’re just drilling a well in a new field, in an existing field, whether you are using a – extending an existing field or whether it’s a new brownfield project, there has been a lot of conversations, but, if you look at Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Schlumberger and the oil companies on the impact, I don’t think we’re expecting to see any short-term impact, but if oil stays down at that $80 or less barrel, I think you are going to see some of those projects longer term, start pulling back. So we could see an impact not in the short term, but in the longer term, you need to see oil stay down this way for an extended period of time to have that impact, Bob.
Luther C. Kissam: But, Bob, we are always looking for ways to drive value. So, we certainly look for opportunities on a product by product basis where we can move those prices.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. When you look at that, I mean, it’s really across both of our refinery and catalyst businesses, so both the Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC business and Clean Fuels. The biggest volume gain that we saw in the third quarter in terms of year-over-year comparisons was in the Clean Fuels Technologies and we did have a significant sale of a new product that we’ve talked about both on prior calls and in our opening comments here that benefited us. But I think the better way to look at is to sort of take the whole year and I think about the forecast for the whole year on a volume basis and we’re going to see sort of across refinery and catalyst high-single digits of volume growth and that’ll be a little bit higher on the FCC side than the CFT side.
Luther C. Kissam: We’re just rolling up our annual operating plan. We are in the middle of that right now and it always rolls up, always get it back a little bit and get some cost out from the wish list and all that, but – so I don’t really have a feel for next year. I don’t see anything dropping off the fact of the earth. I think you would kind of see similar types of margins on a full year run rate basis that we would see in the second half at a very, very high level for the Albemarle businesses. But, with regard to the quarters, there’s always some lumpiness in the quarter, but I wouldn’t see a whole lot of change from third to fourth, it’s about where I would see it. 
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. So, if we look back as we said on the call, catalysts outperformed a little bit, better than we expected particularly in Performance Catalysts Solutions where we saw higher profitability than we expected. The big – the other two big changes what I would say was, in July, we did not have a feel for the – that big order that we lost in the custom services business, and we said it was about $15 million over the second half of the year. So we were looking at that as a gap.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Right.
Luther C. Kissam: So, Dmitry, this is Luke. We are not anticipating anything on rare earth like we saw a few years ago, that significant spike in the rare earth pricing. And we are also not expecting the decline in the mole pricing that we saw at the end of 2008 where we got stuck with all that inventory. We watch it consistently. We don’t see any big wild swings approaching us right now, but we remain ever vigilant. 
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. There has been a lot of press about the tax in Israel. So, let me start with that. It is so new, I know there has been some analyst reports out on it, we obviously look at that, it is very difficult right now to tell exactly the impact that will have, but I caution everybody that that tax goes into play in 2017, not 2015. So there may be a longer-term impact, but for the short term, so there’ll be no tax impact there. So it’s something we’re keeping our eye on, but a lot can change between now and 2017. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Matt. 
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I want to be clear, I mean, first of all, let’s be absolutely positive to everybody out there what joint venture we’re talking about, joint bromine company which is located in Jordan where we can produce derivatives as well as our largest bromine production unit, has no impact at all, is not affected at all by this Israeli tax increase. We do have entered into a joint venture, an agreement to form a joint venture with the Israeli chemical company related to the GreenCrest product and we knew there was a possibility of this tax when we were going in and it will have some impact on costs, but it’ll be minimal for our overall brominated portfolio, it’s how I would say it. If you look at industry overall, it’s too early to tell, I mean if it’s going to – I don’t know how it’s going to be viewed, are they going to increase cost, always get nervous any time there’s a tier taxing structure, because somebody is going to do the math to understand what the pricing ought to be to maximize their profitability and lower their taxes. So until we have a chance to study at more, I think – I don’t know how it’s going impact to us, but it’s going to – if it increases cost, that means if ICL is going to need to do something to maintain their level of profitability and that could be a good thing long term. But again, this doesn’t happen until 2017 and there’s a lot of time between now and 2017 to see what happens. 
Luther C. Kissam: Well. First of all, I haven’t changed my assumptions at all, because what I think what’s driving the electronic vehicle adoption one, is not so much what the gas price is, it’s more from an environmental standpoint, are we using less of the oil and can we develop a cost effective electronic vehicle and they are in the process of doing that. We also have excellent growth in lithium with or without that environment, with or without the electronic vehicles and this is, oil has got to be down for a long, long time in order for it to have an impact. So, overall, I don’t really see the link as much, I think electronic vehicles, there is going to be a niche in the market, it’s going to have a demand for that and it will continue to grow and I haven’t backed off any way what I think our growth opportunities are for that lithum business.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I think, whenever you talk about operational issues, we know for a fact it added costs whether or not it actually cost this business and we missed some sales, it’s hard to say, probably missed some, but those were third quarter sales, those people buy from us and buy from other people at the same time. So I don’t see that’s going to impact us going forward from a loss of business standpoint. I don’t see a catch-up in the fourth quarter either. So I think it’s business we could add, we lost and it cost us some extra money, it’s behind us, and now we focus on going forward and delivering quality product to our customers on time and on spec.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at – let me be short and get all those. I think the cash flow that we outlined in the S-4 is still our most up-to-date view on what that cash flow would be. So, nothing’s changed on that. From a cost perspective, it is going to cost us somewhere to get a $100 million, it is going to cost us somewhere between a $150 million to $175 million to get that kind of cost as best we can look at it today. So a pretty good return on that investment. And from a CapEx standpoint, I think what we say consistently is we’re in the 4% to 6% range of revenue for the combined company and we would expect that that would be consistent still from what we see going forward. I don’t see a need to leverage back in the investments of these businesses in order to deleverage. That was all within our forecast within the S-4 and I still where we believe we are today. We generate sufficient cash to deleverage rapidly and invest in the business that we need to do to maintain those assets and grow the business.Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And then a follow-up, just parsing the commentary more near term about the pricing dynamic in brominated flame retardants, just want to understand if obviously with HBCD being phased out, I understand – I would expect the pricing pressure to intensify as that product line sunsets, just wondering if you could just – if you excluded the impact in pricing, overall pricing from that product line sequentially or brominated flame retardant – brominated flame retardant pricing, is it flat, is it up or is it still down a little bit sequentially, excluding the HBCD mix effect.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. It’s hard to – that’s hard to say a broad statement about brominated flame retardant so rough because they are in such different applications. But what I would say broadly is they are flat sequentially.Chris Kapsch – Topeka Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Here is what I’d would say, is I am confident in the fourth quarter. If you look at 2% to 7%, I am very confident in being at or above mid-point of that and if we get some things that break the right way, we got a chance to beat the upper end of that 2% to 7%. We got currency that’s flowing through that, we’ve got HBC with some sales that it forwards the very back end, it could slide one way or another. So, I’m confident at mid point. I think as you look across the businesses though, we got to get some breaks to get to the upper end of that. So we feel really good about, that’s why we said well within the range and we feel very confident about being able to deliver that.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, the biggest milestone is the shareholder vote on November 14 and that’s the next milestone, and I don’t see any impediments. I am confident on our ability that the shareholders will give you the vote that we need, we remain confident in talking to shareholders, we are excited about the possibility of getting this behind us, closing this deal, and all coming together to integrate these businesses and what I think is going to be the premier specialty chemical company in this space.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I think not to get too granular, as I look across the entire GBU and look at the price impact on revenue, prices have contributed sort of low single digit percentages to overall revenue growth for the year and so – 
D. Michael Wilson: Refinery catalyst, I mean, we’ve said all along there has been price pressure on the Performance Catalysts Solutions side particularly in polyolefin. or the products going into polyolefin. So, most of the benefit has been refinery catalyst.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. In terms of the TAKREER refinery, I mean the latest information we have is that the refinery is slated or start-up in the end of the fourth quarter, so December time frame, however, this is a massive project. So, commissioning on the unit has already begun as we indicated at our end of second quarter call. We’ve begun supplying initial shipments of catalyst to the refinery in anticipation of a start-up. It’s very hard to predict on a refinery this size and complexity. How quickly it will get up to sort of steady state run rates, I mean that could take a quarter, could take two quarters etcetera. So, there is no question that TAKREER will benefit us in terms of our heavy oil upgrading, FCC catalyst volumes in 2015, but we’ll probably be cautious about how quickly that will ramp up in terms of impact as we go through each quarter of the year. 
D. Michael Wilson: Maybe add one thing, remember this does have to go through the Israeli Knesset to – but at this point, it’s still in committee recommendation.
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. So, the two big foreign exchange exposures that we have are in the Euro and the Japanese Yen as we previously talked about. So – and both have had relatively high moves in the last month. So, if I look at the fourth quarter, there is about – if I look at the Euro, there is probably about $1.5million of pressure on Op profit from the Euro and about $10 million in revenue, and from the Yen, it is probably about the same amount, $1.5 million of our profit and the same in revenue. Normally, on a full year basis, the Euro is a bit more balanced and it just depends on the mix of what we’re shipping. So, the Euro will generally run about $1 million a year for a 1% move and the Yen is about the same. So, 1% move in the Yen rate will generate about $1 million. So depending what’s going on an annual basis.
Scott A. Tozier: On the former Albemarle company, the big driver as we always talk about is really where the income is being generated, and in the third quarter, really driven by the strong results out of our hydro processing catalyst business; we had great results coming out of Europe which is a lower tax jurisdiction for us. And so that’s what drives our tax rates down as you look at the full year basis. And so, we generally are – we’re trying to watch and plan out where those incomes are and so, as you go into 2015 as Luke said, the AOP is till stock coming together, we really don’t have a good sense of how that mix will come in, I would guide people to that 24% to 25% range because that’s the balanced view of performance across our various regions. Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay.
Scott A. Tozier: As you look at the combination of the companies, we’ve been planning – the Rockwood tax rate is a little bit higher and so we’ve been guiding people to the 25% to 26% range from of effective tax rate. Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay. That’s helpful. And I guess at the risk of overstaying my welcome here, I was wondering if I might ask a clarifying question related to your adjusted EPS, you’ve got quite a few different special items as you enumerated, one of the line items was amortization of financing fees of $7 million pretax or about $0.06 per share.
Scott A. Tozier: No that has been backed out of the $1.14. So that is not – Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Scott A. Tozier: Well, for the fourth quarter, they really talk about refinery catalyst in two pieces, if I look at the FCC or heavy oil upgrading, we‘ll definitely be up in volume quarter over quarter since prior year and CFT, just from a timing of order standpoint, I expect that CFT volumes will be down just – if you remember we had a blockbuster quarter in CFT in the fourth quarter of the last year with some really large orders that went through, so – 
Scott A. Tozier: Yes. I’m not sure. I don’t really look at it that way. Again, I’d go back to the comment I made earlier that if I look at the full year, year over year, we’re going to have sort of high-single digit volume growth across refinery catalysts. The FCC or HOU piece is likely to be closer to double digits. 
Scott A. Tozier: The metal surcharges that were in the third quarter are really very minor. And in fact, I wouldn’t characterize those as surcharges, I would characterize those as the pass-through of metal costs that are in our basic formulas in our CFT business. So, it’s predominantly to mole, but to your broader question, as I look at the prices of the those metals across the year, they’ve been trading in fairly tight range, I mean they move up a quarter and move down a quarter. We don’t see anything that’s going to have sort of a long-term significant impact on metals prices now or as we look into 2015. It’s really been a fairly stable market. 
