Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Frances, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albermale.com.  Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call.  Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating pension and OPEB or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. As a reminder, we filed an 8-K in March showing the reorganization from 3 GBUs to 2, and from a functional to a GBU organization. All year-over-year and sequential comparisons throughout this call are based on those restatements.  Before turning the call over to Luke, I would like to remind investors and analysts to continue registering online for our 2014 Investor Day in Houston, Texas. It will begin at 11:00 a.m. within Exhibit Hall on May 15 and with an investor briefing to commence at 1:30. There will also be a tour of our refinery catalyst plant and R&D facilities on the morning of May 16. We look forward to seeing you there.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke. 
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A at this time. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed, operator. Thank you. 
Lorin Crenshaw: I just thank everyone for your time and your attention, and invite you to call me with any further questions. Have a good afternoon. 
Luther Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Looking forward, in Catalysts, we expect -- we continue to expect double-digit segment income growth for the year. However, in January, we expect that the earnings pattern for this business to be more evenly split between the first and second halves of the year. Due to changes in the timing of certain refinery catalyst orders, we now expect growth that is more second half-weighted than the first, with the second quarter Catalysts segment income being similar to the first, and both the third and fourth quarters showing year-over-year growth. There's always a risk that refiners will change delivery dates on catalyst orders due to startup schedules or a myriad of other issues or opportunities they may be facing, but this is our best estimate based on the information we have today. We continue to believe that Refinery Catalyst Solutions will be the largest contributor to earnings growth. Specifically, heavy oil upgrading should benefit from continued strong demand globally for FCC catalysts designed to handle heavy resid-based feedstocks, maximize propylene production and address the metal contaminants found in North America shale oil. We have more than enough capacity to meet our growth objectives and the debottleneck occurring at our Bayport facility, which those of you attending the Investor Day will have an opportunity to tour, is on track for completion in the second half of the year. Once online, the debottleneck, which will increase our FCC capacity in Bayport by approximately 15%. Similarly, we continue to expect improved earnings in Clean Fuel Technologies in 2014 driven by similar volumes in 2013, but with a better product mix. The outlook for Performance Chemicals continues to call for modest year-over-year segment income growth. This growth is primarily driven by clear completion fluids and curatives performance within Specialty Chemicals, stabilized brominated flame retardant pricing and mineral flame retardant volume growth within Fire Safety Solutions and a solid electronics materials and pharma pipeline in Fine Chemistry Services.  Our current view of the market in order book trends lead us to assume that while bromine pricing trends seem to have stabilized, we don't expect meaningful year-over-year growth in brominated flame retardants.  As we roll up all those various factors by business, from a total company segment income standpoint, we continue to expect growth in the range of 2% to 7%, but again, with a greater second-half weighting than we would have expected in January. That assumes Catalysts orders, specifically the Clean Fuels Technologies division, shift as per our customer's current expectations. Second quarter segment income should be roughly flat sequentially with the first quarter, with the third and fourth quarters showing around an 8% to 10%-type year-over-year growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Lorin for questions and answers. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I'll try to take that. If you look at the business, the only thing we divested from our custom services business was ibuprofen and propofol. That was it. So 2 really product lines. We still have the full resources and capabilities and product lines that we offer at our South Haven facility, as well as Tyrone, Pennsylvania. So we'll give more color when we're able to. We've got some confidentiality obligations, obviously, so you'll see some things in our Q which will outline that more clearly, but we remain committed to the custom services businesses, and in fact believe that this move will strengthen our overall custom services. With respect to candidates for divestiture, I'm obviously not going to speculate as to what may or may not happen in the future. 
Luther Kissam: Sure, I'll take that one. If you really are talking enclosures again specifically, the biggest use, single use for enclosures for flame retardants is in the television space. And what we're seeing in the television space right now is just relatively flat sales, particularly in the developed world, where most of the televisions are flame retardant, and that those flat sales are translating to relatively flat to soft demand in the enclosure space. I don't think the competitive dynamics have changed significantly, frankly, over the last year or 2 in terms of whether it's inner resin substitution, FR competition, it really reflects the sluggish demand in the TV market. 
Luther Kissam: Sure, I'll do that. We talked in the first quarter call that we were seeing more signs of stabilization, and that's really where we are right now. We'll continue to be watching and observing what's going on in the market for demand and seeing where things are going. But right now, we feel we can, overall, maintain pricing about where it is for the year. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I'll take that to start off with, and then I'll turn it over to Matt, and he can talk a little bit more about it. But if you really look at the volume that we brought online, there's a lot been written about because of that, that's pressuring price down. And if we were running those assets flat out, I could build some credence in that. But the fact of the matter is when you look at the way we're operating our facilities in the first quarter, we were down at 60%, which is not bringing that JBC volume online. So I don't think that it is a supply situation that's causing the price. As Matt has alluded to time after time, it's really the volume. I'm not aware of any other new volume for bromine coming online at all. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I think that if you look at bromine, I think it's probably a little bit longer window map. I think that was really designed for the clear completion fluids that were coming online, as well as the mercury removal. So I think that there was some good news that Matt can talk about, a little bit about from the EPA court ruling that we got yesterday that came out. But I think that's a little bit longer term. I think that's over a 3 to 4-year kind of timeframe. You'll see that level in the end is my expectations on bromine. If you look at in the Performance Chemicals, in the PCS business in Catalysts, I think that we've got to see the LED market take off. We're 1 of 4 people in the LED market there. So for that capacity to fill up, it's going to be -- we're going to need that LED market with lighting and back lighting to really take off, is get that filled. So it's a matter of when that is going to happen. And then I think you saw take some actions with the facility in Europe, where we're going to try to take some of that capacity to SOCC, as we'll take some of that capacity to our Texas site. So we're going to take the steps. I think it's a little too early to say it's going to happen next year. But I think over the course of the next 2 to 3 years, you're going to see those facilities filling up. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I think versus previous expectations, the second quarter will be weaker from an FCC standpoint than we expected. But we have a contract. It's a matter of there's some refiners doing some commercial trials with some other products that will have the volume down. And we expect to get that back in the third and fourth part of the contracts. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I will give that to Matt, and he can take that. But I think, generally, if you look at -- you have Fire Solutions, you've got all non-brominated flame retardant plus non-mineral -- non-flame retardant minerals and bromine, as well as curatives in Specialty Chemicals. And then in custom services, you've got all the custom services work. He can talk to each of those. What I would say is Specialty Chemicals had a very good quarter. And if you look at custom services, remember what's muted in custom services is the good work that, that group has done to replace those contracts that expired at the end of 2013. So with that, I'll turn it over to Matt. He can give a little more clarity. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, there were no expiring contracts in ibuprofen and propofol that we're figuring when we're talking about that. Those were ones that were tied to our Tyrone facility and I think in our South Haven facility see's that all. 
Luther Kissam: We refer to the custom services part of that business where you have kind of one supplier, one customer-type relationship. 
Luther Kissam: Well, what's happening is there's -- they're building a pipeline from -- and there's been a -- it's been very public about agreements between Jordan and Israel for the shipment of natural gas. I don't see that it's going to -- my competitors on the Dead Sea already have the natural gas. They are already using it. So I don't see it as an additional advantage to them. Whereas our electricity, while somewhat subsidized by the government, as all of Jordan is, is based on #6 fuel oil. So it's going to be cost-efficient. It's going to be a lower cost for us based on what the contract is today and what we're paying. And in addition, Steve, what it does is it opens us up for some other capital projects that could further reduce our costs there that will make sense based upon natural gas that financially don't make sense today. So it's not going to happen tomorrow, it's not going to happen next year. But over the long term, getting natural gas to that facility will make it a much stronger facility than it even is today. 
Luther Kissam: Stranded cost is expected to be minimal, a couple million dollars. And we'll have a plan to manage that. 
Luther Kissam: I think the way I'd answer that is that you have to look at the business beyond just deepwater drilling. Deepwater drilling, for us, is still holding up okay. The Gulf of Mexico was okay in the first quarter. But as we highlighted, I mean, our benefit was really the Middle East and the North Sea. Those were very strong regions. This business has become a lot more global in the last 5 to 10 years, and specifically in the last 5, I'd say. And so I look at it as more of drilling overall is what's driving our growth as opposed to just deepwater, and deepwater in the Gulf specifically, I probably ought to add. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, I mean, at this time, I don't see that. We always have the flexibility to do that going forward, but I would like to maintain some dry powder for acquisitions and some other organic growth opportunities. So right at this time, I think that's a good level for us to be. But we always have that flexibility in the future if we were determined to do that. 
Luther Kissam: I think right now, if you look at Albemarle, I think Albemarle certainly is the best owner of the bromine business. I think it is core to what we do. There's great growth opportunities out there for that business over the long term, our technology that we have in that business. And if you look at the cross-selling opportunities we have in Catalysts and some of our elemental bromine customers and things like that. So I think that Albemarle is the best owner in the world for bromine assets. 
Luther Kissam: I mean, as we've said before, we're looking for something that would either drive new uses of bromine or make us a stronger bromine to strengthen and grow our bromine franchise or strengthen and grow our Catalysts franchise. So if you look, it will be tied in the area that we're looking in one of those areas. 
Luther Kissam: We don't see any rare earth comparison issues at all right now. So it's really all business performance that's driving that. 
Luther Kissam: Yes, what I would say is if you look, but that always happens. So I'm not... I don't want to use that as a problem. That happens every quarter. Somebody's got a commercial trial. It just happens how much volume's moved around in those. So we've got a difficult comp in the second quarter. I think you will see sequential volume in FCC down somewhat, rebounding in the third and the fourth because we've got new units coming online that we've won that business. And overall, I think, for the full year, you'll see the second half strong, the first in FCC catalysts, assuming all the -- everything goes as our customers anticipate them to go today. 
Luther Kissam: I think it's across-the-board. If you look, I mean, one of the main focuses that we have, and we've taken some steps this quarter, is if you look 2.5 years ago at the profitability of our PCS business, and you look at it today, there's been a degradation. There's too much capacity in the marketplace, prices and the electronic materials. 1.5 years ago, 2 years ago versus what it is today, prices have fallen almost 75%, 80%. So there's a lot of people. When you make solid margins on business and other people see it and try to get into that business. And that's what we've had. And as a market leader, we've had to protect our turf from some actions of some competitors. So we've got a plan over the long term. It's not going to happen overnight, but we've got to focus on PCS. It's core to our business, and we'll continue to try to find ways to drive that, as we will on all our businesses. I think, every day, we wake up trying to figure out how we are going to help our customers make more money and how we are going to get a piece of that so we can also make more money. So I don't look at it as we're going to fix business A then turn to business B then turn to business C. It's every day, every business is looking up to seeing how they can be more profitable by helping their customers be more profitable. 
Matthew Juneau: Sure. So if you look at BFR overall, volumes continue to trend in line with our expectations in the first quarter. The enclosure segment was not particularly strong in the first quarter, as expected, but it was about where we thought it would be. The -- as noted in the call, where we're really seeing improvement, I'd say, are in the areas that go beyond enclosures. So some of the areas that we sell 8010 into that go into broader applications are -- continue to show volume growth. Wire and cable market showed good volume movement in the first quarter. But enclosure is specifically about in line with expectations. 
Matthew Juneau: There's no new additional volume that's been brought online over the last year other than the small amounts that we've run in JBC when it makes sense, as noted in the call. 
Matthew Juneau: Dmitry, you've got it right. So Specialty Chemicals contains all of the bromine derivatives that are not flame retardant. So that's our products for oilfield, water treatment, elemental bromine, HBr, frag and pharma, et cetera. It also contains curatives, and then the alumina products, minerals products that are not flame retardants. And so in first quarter, Specialty Chemicals performed basically as we expected in January. As always, there's a few little ups and downs in there, but the overall business performed as expected. And we highlighted 2 areas that really were truly outstanding, great oilfield volumes within record levels by about 200 tons, frankly. So very close to an all-time record quarter in volume, driven by the Middle East, the North Sea. And then the curatives business had a very good quarter. It was very strong globally. And we got some benefit, I think, from mild winter in Europe. We didn't have that in the U.S., but the U.S. itself was strong as well. That's specialty. FCS or Fine Chemistry Services, really unchanged from a business point of view. It's the same products that were in there before. The one thing that will change now is with the announced sale of the ibuprofen, the propofol business. And as well, it performed as expected to a little better, I'd say, driven by electronic materials. And last year, we had some ups and downs in ag that were related to timing. We did not have that in the first quarter this year. 
Matthew Juneau: Sure. I think as I've already said, I'd stand by the January comment, rough stabilization overall. There's ups and downs in there always, but if you look at overall brominated flame retardants pricing, we've stabilized sequentially. And as we talked in January, the tetrabrom price increase has not totally stuck at this point. 
Matthew Juneau: I'll take that one. I don't see that we have any significant inventory overhang from what we can tell from our customer levels. I would talk before, as you go down the value chain, there's always some risk that we lose track. But the messages we're getting is that there's not an inventory issue out there. And we, as well, are operating our assets very carefully and managing inventories very closely. We don't have an inventory overhang in our sites at all. 
Matthew Juneau: I'll take that. Generally, if you look at electronics, it continues to be an important part of the business. It's roughly between 15% and 20% of our sales. When you talk electronics, there's a lot of pieces there, some that are performing better than others. Where I think people have been focused is on that weakness in PC and televisions. Those are, frankly, becoming less important as other parts of electronics grow. The next biggest space from a volume point of view is the oilfield or clear brine set space, the completion fluids. And that's on a very strong growth curve, which it's been on for -- going on about almost 2 years now. 
Matthew Juneau: So if you go back and look 5 years ago, it probably would've been in excess, so 60% related to FR. Today, it's down less than that. FR is still important. It's still the biggest use. But what we're seeing is some of these other businesses and the Specialty Chemicals space are growing faster, and they are helping to balance the portfolio. This is one of the topics we'll tackle at Investor Day if you have someone there at our event in Houston in May. And clearly, there's -- it's becoming a declining portion of the business right now because of the -- not that it's not really growing that much, it's that the other businesses are growing faster. 
