Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Thank you Meredith. During the second quarter Albemarle continued to demonstrate strong operational execution. We recorded net sales of $1.4 billion and sequential increases in adjusted EBITDA and cash from operations, thanks in part to successful project delivery, productivity, and restructuring initiatives and working capital improvements. We continued to capture volumetric growth driven by our energy storage segment which was up 37% year-over-year, highlighting successful project ramps and spodumene sales in that segment. For example during the quarter we achieved first commercial sales from Meishan ahead of our original schedule by approximately six months. During the second quarter we also delivered more than $150 million in restructuring and productivity improvements consistent with our efforts to align our operations and cost structure with the current market environment. We are on track to exceed our full-year targets on this front by 50%. Looking to the rest of this year, our operational discipline allows us to maintain our full-year 2024 outlook considerations. Notably, we expect our $15 per kilogram lithium price scenario to apply even assuming that lower July market pricing persists. This is due to higher volumes, cost out and productivity progress, and contract performance. We have made great progress in strengthening our competitive position and enhancing our financial flexibility. However, industry headwinds that began last year have persisted longer than the sector anticipated, making it clear that we must proactively take additional steps. Building on the actions we announced this past January, we announced yesterday that we are taking a comprehensive review of our cost and operating structure with the goal of maintaining Albemarle’s competitive position and driving long-term value. As part of the initial review, we announced the difficult but necessary decision to immediately adjust our operating and capital spending plans at our Kemerton site in Australia. These actions showcase our deeper focus on cost and operating discipline. There's no question that the global energy transition is underway, however, the pace of the industry changes our dynamic and we must remain agile as well. Later on the call, I will spend some time diving deeper into the cost and asset actions that we continue to take in this environment to maintain our competitiveness. And I will also highlight the strategic advantages that remain proof points of Albemarle’s competitive and operational strengths. I'll now hand it over to Neal to talk about our financial results during the quarter.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: So let's say you characterize what you've said. So even as we've moved that from $15 to, say, $12 to $15. And then we commented that even at July prices, those hold for the rest of the year, we'll make that forecast. And so if there's a chance it could be higher. If prices moved up or there are a number of reasons we're able to hold that forecast is around the volumes that we're selling contract terms, things like that. So it could move up if prices are stronger, it's not collared, so to speak. So if things work in our direction, it could be a number of different things. It could be higher than that. But that's the best visibility we have at the moment.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So okay, you're right, it's early. But I think our volume and what we indicated in the beginning of the year, our volume growth shouldn't be significantly different than that. I mean we are changing some of our -- we're taking out conversion capacity, but we still have the resource that should align to that. So it's not significantly different than we had indicated at the last call.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So I guess we've never put any of our assets and given that type cost out there. So it is -- I guess it's a combination of -- so you're talking about 2. So 3 is really about some of the money that we're spending in growing that. And Kemerton 1 and 2 gives us a couple of things. So it's closer to the resource, but it gives us diversity just geographic diversity. So we would have Chile, we would have -- we have Australia, 1 and 2 help us with that, we have China. And then we still aspire to have conversion in the U.S. at some point if prices come back to that. So I'm not going to give you what our marginal cost is or our cash cost is at Kemerton, but that's some of the thinking that goes into the decisions we've made.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: No, I was just going to say that it is on conversion. It is capacity cut on conversion. The resource is still available.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. Just -- but the first part of the year was strong from a volume standpoint and that was fine [ph], the upper end of that range, 20%, Neal is saying it's going to be less year-on-year growth in the second half. But that's just because it's so strong in the first half, and we've had a mix of spodumene sales in there as well that's pulled some of that forward.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes, I don't think our view has changed, right. So that will -- as we go through this, I mean, we'll reiterate that, but I suspect it will stay the same.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So we've said at July pricing, it basically holds the same, right. So $12 to $15 on the slide, but we've said in the remarks that, that July pricing it holds. If July pricing extends throughout the balance of the year, it still holds. So you can work out exactly what that number comes to. And there are a number of pieces that allow us to do that. So it's the volume mix, it is a little bit of additional volume from Talison, it's our contracts. It's a lot of things. It's the cost savings things that we're putting in place. So it's a number of things that go into making that statement true. So it's not one particular thing.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. So -- I mean, the cost on -- the cost curve that you see, Neal said on Slide 12. I mean that's a curve that we've been -- that the industry has been looking at for some time. That $100 per kilowatt hour has been a benchmark or a tipping point we call it that people have been looking for, and we're below that in China today. Now some of that fair enough is on -- is because lithium prices are low, but the majority of it is just on the experience curve, the technology and the battery technology. So we think that maintains itself. And then the rest of the world will follow China and they've hit that hurdle. It's not there in the West yet, but we believe that it comes shortly. I'm not -- I don't think I want to comment on the OEMs' cost position. I think a lo1t of it goes into it, including batteries is a big part of it, but it's the rest of the vehicle as well. But we're not -- I'm not going to get into the comment on auto cost positions. But I think the battery technology is hitting those benchmarks we've been looking for, for a long time, and it's only going to get better.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: I don't think it means anything for Wodgina production. So that there -- as we had said, so we're taking conversion capacity out and the resource piece we continue to operate from both the Greenbushes and a Wodgina standpoint. It's not really related to Kemerton.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So we are -- I mean look, we're going through this, we'll be cautious around that, right, to see what we can. As we are operating, we're not growing as fast. We're ramping some of these assets, but we have a view of sustaining capital, and we're challenging that. But we're going to push on that. We'll be rigorous about it. It might take risk, but we're going to be more aggressive around that than others. It's a big piece. Most -- a lot of these assets are still ramping and they're pretty new. So we've been conservative on our estimates around the sustaining capital. So we're going to dig into that and change our approach a little bit, but we see that as an opportunity.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. No, I think that's right. And I go back to the comments we've said earlier. So what we had said previously in the call or in the previous quarter's call, around the changes we did in January. We've got a couple of years of growth in the assets that we have on the ground and ramping. So we'll continue to do that at 2025 and into 2026, but then it starts to -- without further investment, we start to maximize on that. But we -- and Kemerton doesn't really change that. Again, the resource is there and the investments that we've made in there continue to ramp up. And -- but it's the conversion capacity. Actually changing Kemerton gives us a little more flexibility on product mix, but it limits us a little bit more, we're less diverse geographically around that. And that's the trade-off we're making.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. So the first one on the restructuring. So our goal is to put the company within the cost structure and the supply chain that we can compete at the pricing that we see today, and if it stays that way long term. So that's the hypothetical question you're asking, but that's what we're planning for. And we don't know when prices are going to rebound. We know they -- we think a lot of players are operating below cash cost. We think they have to come up. We just don't know when. So we're going to structure the company to operate and be competitive and profitable in that range. So what that margin -- what the margin looks like I'm not going to hazard a guess on that, but it is -- we're going to put ourselves in a position to be profitable and being able to compete where prices are today. Yes, so that's the first question. And the second one, DLE, and you said in South America, I'm going to talk about our view of DLE and our projects, not so much the industry. I mean I don't know -- I mean we are -- we're working on deal. We've got two projects, both going into pilot phase. We've done a lot of work around that for quite some time. One focused on the brines we have at the smackover formation at Magnolia and Arkansas in the United States where we process bromine. And we have that -- we can take that stream and process that. So we have a pilot that is in start-up at the moment around that. And then we'll do a similar pilot at the Salar de Atacama. One, I think we've said this in the remarks, one of the technologies is proprietary. The other is kind of commercial. So we're doing it in a couple of different ways. But I think the key to the -- I mean, DLE is the whole system, not just the extraction piece. There's a lot of focus on the absorption or a solvent extractor and whatever technology used to actually get the lithium molecule out. But the real art in it is the overall system and the integration in making it operate consistently day in, day out. You can do it in the lab, a lot of people can do it in a lab. You need to be able to do it in the field and do it all the time, and that's -- we're doing scale pilots that will prove that out. And so we'll see. So -- and what do we need from a government standpoint around that, I mean, for us, specifically, I don't think we're looking for government necessarily. I mean, funding would help that, but we are moving both of those projects forward. And its important technology for the industry and for us, for us to really leverage the lowest cost resource in the world in Salar de Atacama and get growth from that, we'll need DLE. So it is important. But I don't -- we're not we're not waiting on governments to help us fund it or do anything like that. We're moving forward.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay, so I'll go at a high level. If it gets deeper, Eric will jump in. But I mean, this is -- I mean, it is carbonate is usually the preferred chemistry for LFP technology, and there's been a shift toward LFP. And I would say that's the preferred technology in China. Because China is on such a growth rate and the West is slowing down a little bit. That's -- there's more of a shift of -- a little bit of a portfolio mix toward carbonate. Now the West is looking at carbonate or LFP as well. Therefore, our view from a year or two ago, we always expected a mix. It was a little more hydroxide heavy. Now it's probably carbonate heavy in that view. And then that product mix, I mentioned product mix earlier when I was talking about Kemerton, that does play into that. Kemerton is hydroxide, and we can toll that same resource for carbonate if we need to, and that gives us more flexibility. So it was a consideration in our decisions around 2 and 3.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Yes. So there's a cost to put it in care and maintenance, right and it would be a cost to come back, but I don't know that it's not dramatic. It would be ordinary course I think if we brought it back. There's a number of things we have to do. Part of the decision about focusing on Train 1 and not 2 is to really optimize that asset, get it to work. We've all -- we have struggled with workforce in Australia and we struggle to ramp the two of them together. So we're going to focus on one, ramp that up to make that really operate, really understand the technology and process. And we think we can bring it back faster and more efficiently to Train 2 when the conditions make that right. So we've got do a few things before we would do that, we would get the plant to operate, really understand the technology and the process chemistry that's unique to Kemerton. And then we can bring that to Train 2. It will be -- but we'll need the market to improve before we do that. And then there would be a time frame in order to bring it back. So it's not going to turn on a dime, but we'll plan for that. And it is not dramatic from a -- not big from a capital standpoint, but there would be cost to bring it back on, and we'd have to bring people back on to do that as well.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Well, it's not -- well, not just totally. So we've got a network of conversion assets today. And so Meishan is up and operating and ramping as we speak. And we've got first sales from Meishan in this quarter. And we -- as we said, ahead of schedule, we have multiple other facilities in China that we own and operate for conversion. So Kimberton is a portion of it, of our Hard Rock conversion assets. And it will be a blend. We will use some tolling to supplement our conversion assets, but we have significant conversion assets and the Kemerton 3 and 4 is just a portion of it. And again, we'll have 1 operating and 2 to bring on after that. So it's still a significant portfolio of conversion assets that we have, and then we don't want to forget about the carbonate that we bring from Chile as well. So it's a pretty good portfolio of conversion assets. And I would say this is a tweak, not like a big wholesale change in that network with the change to Kemerton.
Jerry Kent Masters, Jr.: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to adapt and move Albemarle forward to better position ourselves in the current market environment, enhance our company's profitable organic growth trajectory, and create long-term value for shareholders. I remain confident in the long-term secular growth opportunities in our end markets and that we are taking the right steps to position Albemarle for value creation. Thank you.
Neal R. Sheorey: Thanks Kent and good morning everyone. Beginning on Slide 5, let's move to our second quarter performance. In Q2 2024, we recorded net sales of $1.4 billion, compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year quarter, a decline of 40% driven principally by lower pricing. During the quarter, we recorded a loss attributable to Albemarle of $188 million and a diluted loss per share of $1.96. This result included an after-tax charge of $215 million, primarily related to capital project asset write-offs for Kemerton 4. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.4 per share. Moving to Slide 6, our second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $386 million was down substantially versus the year ago period, as favorable volume growth was more than offset by lower prices and reduced equity earnings due to soft fundamentals in the lithium value chain. Compared to the first quarter, second quarter adjusted EBITDA rose 33%, driven by higher sales volumes across all businesses and higher income from increased Talison JV sales volumes. As a reminder, on last quarter's earnings call, we said that we expected an approximately $100 million sequential lift to our EBITDA from higher than normal off-take by a partner at the Talison JV, and that's what we saw in the quarter. Turning to Slide 7. As we've done in prior quarters, we are providing full year 2024 outlook considerations based on historically observed lithium market pricing scenarios. The price scenario shown represent a blend of relevant market prices, including both China and ex China pricing for lithium carbonate and hydroxide. The numbers you see here on this slide have not changed since our last earnings call. What is new is what Kent mentioned at the top of the call. We now expect the $15 per kilogram price scenario to be applicable even assuming lower July market pricing persists for the balance of the year. We are able to maintain this scenario due to the success of our enterprise-wide cost improvements, continued strong volume growth, higher sales volumes at our Talison JV, and contract performance in energy storage. Moving to Slide 8. We continue to prioritize our financial flexibility and strong liquidity to navigate the dynamic market environment. We ended the second quarter with available liquidity of $3.5 billion, including $1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $1.5 billion available under our revolver. Our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 2.1 times which was well below the quarter's covenant maximum of 5 times. We continue to add new liquidity resources such as our AR factoring program, and from a long-term debt perspective, we are well positioned and have no significant maturities due until late 2025. Turning to Slide 9, which shows our improved operating cash flow performance and considerations. Our focus on cash generation and efficiency continues to drive important benefits. Our operating cash flow conversion in the second quarter was 94%, which was unusually high, primarily due to increased Talison dividends. We also continued to drive volume growth, cost and productivity improvements, and working capital efficiencies, all of which contributed to our cash conversion. As we look forward, we now expect our full year operating cash conversion to be approximately 50%, which is at the higher end of our historical range. I'll now hand it back to Kent.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, hi Steve, good morning. This is Neal. So let me answer the second part of your question and maybe the two kind of go together. So roughly speaking, at this time, we've only had a very small group of people working on this. So we'll obviously refine this number quite a bit in the third quarter. But you should think about of that roughly $1 billion charge we announced today, somewhere at least 60% of that is noncash. And similarly, you can expect that kind of on that order represents what's already on our balance sheet that we're writing off. And then we'll give you a better assessment when we get to third quarter in terms of how much of the rest of that is actually cash. But I'd say at least 60% is noncash.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. Yes. This is Neal, again. So yes, thanks for asking that question because we are -- as we said in our considerations in the prepared remarks, we're taking that range now up to a 50% conversion, which is towards the high end of our historical range now. And there's -- I'd say there's two things that I would point to that where we're doing better than expected. The first is from a dividend perspective from our equity companies, that was certainly better than we expected coming into the year. You heard in our prepared remarks and you know about the additional offtake that we saw at Talison. So that definitely boosted dividends in the second quarter and helped our cash conversion. And then the other part is, yes, on the working capital side, we are highly focused on it, and we have a lot of initiatives around this, and we're seeing some of those come through already in the first half of the year and are continuing to work on that in the back half of the year. So working capital was another nice tailwind to cash in terms of the release of cash from there.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. So I can maybe take the second part of that. We are obviously, from a volume perspective, we're obviously tracking towards the higher end of the 10% to 20% volume growth range that we gave you at the beginning of the year. And I think at this point for the visibility we have, we're probably going to keep tracking towards the high end of that range. So I wouldn't say our earnings corridor or our outlook considerations are really driven by volume per se. It's really around the pricing range that we've given you, that kind of $12 to $15 range today.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes. So Vincent, to your question, that's right. We put in place an AR factoring program. It's an initial program. We'll continue to evaluate that and add to it as we can as we go along. But essentially, that factoring program is currently untapped. We will use it when we need liquidity if and when we need liquidity. And so basically, at that point, that's when you'll see it, and we'll talk about it. But at this point, it's an untapped resource available to us.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, maybe just to add on to that, just a reiteration that those outlook considerations we provided were always a view on the average pricing across the year. And so with the last couple of earnings releases, we've given you -- you obviously know the sales that we've had in energy storage, and we've given you the volumes that we've sold. So you can look at what our average realized price has been. It's been above $15 for the first half of the year. And so when you -- you can take your -- whatever lithium price you'd like to in the back half of the year and do the averaging. But that's why we say when you take July pricing and roll it forward, it falls within that range that we've given you. With regards to Talison, I think the best way to answer that is just to go back to what we've said before. We told you that in the second quarter, we expected about $100 million sequential lift related to the Talison offtake, the additional Talison offtake, and that's exactly what we saw. So maybe that gives you an idea of how to think about that part of your question.
Neal R. Sheorey: Yes, I think I'm going to answer this probably very similar to the way that Kent did. So obviously, as we look at CAPEX into 2025 and 2026, this decision that we're sharing today around Kemerton will absolutely factor into lowering our CAPEX in those out years. And we've always talked about our focus on doing that in this environment. Just as Kent mentioned to an earlier question, we're working through that with our teams right now. And obviously, we understand that what the current environment looks like and that we need to spend a lot of hard time looking at our CAPEX spending and how we can -- where we can bring that down and how we can bring that down as quickly as possible without taking unnecessary risk. So I would just say like we're working on that equation now, and we'll have more to share, I think, in the next couple of quarters.
Eric W. Norris: David, this is Eric, good morning. I would say in the last couple of months, it hasn't changed materially. There's some that's come off a bit. I'm going to guess tens of thousands of tons or less that is related to where we are in the cost, where price has gone. I think Kent in his remarks talked about the considerable pressure that anybody who is -- particularly anybody is not integrated in buying either spodumene or LiFePo [ph] is under. And in fact, most are operating at a loss, if they're not fully integrated inside of China. And so that's a factor. Another thing that happens this time of year is seasonal production of brine starts to ramp up in Western China. And so that's rising to sort of substitute that drop in LiFePo [ph]. I think overall, though, we're seeing rising inventories of lithium salt. So that is a concern to watch. And obviously, the price pressures I talked about, so I think -- we'll have to see how the industry responds. Obviously, there's a need for some caution in the market given where we see demand versus supply.
Eric W. Norris: Yes. Good morning Colin, it's Eric. As you point out, it's obvious with where market pricing is going. It is a discussion certainly around helping our customers remain competitive through this period of time, while at the same time, respecting the contracts we have and the thresholds that we have there in order to continue to invest on their behalf. I would tell you that all of these contracts are performing to date and it's our expectation that we'll continue to do so. And we'll keep working with our customers. There are things we can do in terms of source. Some of these contracts have a little bit of flexibility, and we can work around spodumene supply versus salt supply. We can look at sourcing points that are different that helps them with their supply chains while at the same time, respecting the core fundamentals of our contracts. So that's basically the nature of the discussions to date.
Eric W. Norris: Well, this remains an area of focus for our growth. And when we talk about some of the advanced materials that are lithium-based looking at prelithiation materials that will support the adoption of silicon anodes or silicone doped anodes as you point out, for higher-capacity batteries that can lend themselves, obviously, to longer battery life or range. And furthermore, there is sort of the next journey -- step on that journey is moving towards a lithium metal anode as well, whether that's a solid state or even a liquid electrolyte used with lithium anodes. So these are areas of growth. These areas we see, frankly, having a faster adoption in technologies outside of electric vehicles, whether there's a smaller format battery and perhaps less risk involved in the customer base as a first step, on the one hand. On the other hand, if you speak to some of the more progressive vehicle producers, OEMs who are looking at future technologies, there's a lot of investment they're doing in this area as well. So it's part and parcel of the overall partnership we have with customers. I mean it's the reason that relative to the earlier question, maintaining a contract relationship and supporting us when prices are low, we support them throughout the cycle as well, is if we got to respect and have strong contracts -- contract relationships because they're more than just supply. They deal with things like technology as well that you're pointing out.
