Luther C. Kissam: Yes, okay, Mike. I think if you look at the profiles for what we want, we want to be able to -- where we make money and where Rockwood makes money is when we provide customized solutions. We have products, but we're really selling solutions to the customers. And if you look across the catalyst, the bromine, the lithium surface treatment, that's clearly what's going on. They're also, if you look at most of those, it's a very small part of the cost of the overall solution for the product that's being delivered. But it is, in all events, very key to the qualities in that end product that make it do what it's supposed to do. In all events, they're technology driven. You have to -- you're not selling a commodity, you're selling a derivative product that provides value to that end user. So in essence, those are the quantities that we're looking for when we look at the products that we want to have in this portfolio. Because I think that at its core, that's what these businesses that Rockwood excels at, at its core, and that's what we do in our core businesses as well.
Luther C. Kissam: I mean, what -- I'll turn it over to Scott. He can talk a little bit about the return on capital. I mean, when you're looking at organic growth and funding organic growth, we traditionally want to be at twice our cost of capital. And that's the bar that we use. I don't really see that changing from where they are because the projects that I've reviewed with Rockwood in the past that -- they're consistent now. Sometimes in the past, and if you look at Albermarle, and if you look at some of the steps Rockwood's taken, we've expanded recently in advance of demand so that we're there to meet the customers' demand. And it's caused some pain for Albermarle, as you're well aware, Mike, over the last couple of years. I certainly -- we want to learn from that, but we also want to make sure the demand's there to meet the growth, particularly in lithium, as you look toward the announcement about the gigafactory with Tesla and the Panasonic announcement. So we want to make sure that we're able to meet that demand as the market leader.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. Well, I think, for one thing, you got to remember that in May -- and it's not in any of the numbers. But if you look in the end of May, Rockwood closed on the acquisition of Talison. So that will be a joint venture that will come in on that. From an EBITDA perspective, it won't increase -- it won't -- it's not consolidated, so it won't hit the revenue line, but it will hit the EBITDA and [indiscernible] line. So that's a big jump, Bob. And that business, that Talison joint venture, is projected to grow over and above what the lithium business is expected to grow overall. So that's a big piece of it. And then otherwise, when we look at those numbers, it's consistent from Investor Relations day, that midpoint case that we talked about at our Investor Day in Houston.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, so we aren't -- we don't buy KOH. We produce it. So we're selling it and they buy it. But KOH is a byproduct for bromine, and we're not -- we don't make enough KOH to be a real player in that KOH market. So we are moving it however we can move it because it gets in the way of our producing bromine. Some years, we make some money on it, some years we don't. It really all depends what the KCl price is that we get when we make -- to use to make the bromine. So I think there is more than a couple of million dollars sitting there for us to go capture by being able, from a logistic standpoint, to take that and ship it. And it really cuts down on what -- whatever profit somebody's making by selling them the KOH should inure to the benefit of the combined company, if that makes [indiscernible].
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. And it would be -- I'm not sure that we would have an order schedule in 2015 if hadn't one for 2014. So it shouldn't be a meaningful impact in '15. And as regard to the structure of Performance Chemicals, we just went through a restructuring, looked at that hard. I think that we will obviously, when we -- during the integration, we're certainly going to look across all organizations to be sure we're being as efficiently -- as efficient as we possibly can. And it'll be part of the integration. I wouldn't say it will be part of anything that will follow, Lawrence.
Luther C. Kissam: Okay. Let me -- we will be down year over -- the fourth quarter for catalyst will be down year-over-year. If you remember, we had a huge quarter last year. It was -- that was a record quarter. So we will be down, but still, I think -- we're looking still for a good fourth quarter here. It's not going to be significantly down. But it will be down for the quarter. TAKREER, all the public announcements are still on track for a fourth quarter start up. We are shifting some of the catalyst, the schedules for the end of this quarter at E-cat. And then we'll have, we believe, either 1 or 2, we don't know. Probably 1 of the FCC catalysts for the initial load going in the fourth quarter. So that is kind of an October, November kind of start up. And that's the expectations from the engineering firm, from TAKREER and from the order pattern that we're seeing. So that will be a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, which is in our forecast. But next year, it will be a meaningful impact to our FCC demand.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. If you look at it on the Albermarle side for that kind of segment income growth to come through, if you go back to what we said in Investor Day, it really comes down to -- from a catalyst standpoint, our portfolio management. So exiting the antioxidant business that we've divested, some manufacturing help, some improvements in manufacturing, and from the additional volume that be run into those plants, at the cost that we have that's right. We had a little bit of price built in. And then we had some capacity utilization improvement. You'll know what, remember in PCS in the last quarter, we talked about exiting a PCS facility because the organic pricing, there's just too much capacity out there. So we are exiting that unit, bringing it back to a low-cost area at Pasadena and filling our SABIC center. And then -- but that was generally the ramp up that you would get from a catalyst perspective. If you look at the segment income margins at the level of Performance Chemicals, again, we talked about the portfolio management. So it was the ibuprofen, the propofol divestiture will increase our margins there. Improvement, focus improvement on our mineral flame retardant margins, a way to -- some projects to reduce cost there. And also watching our customer base to be sure we're getting the best mix of products that we can there. And then it became pricing that was built into that as well as increase utilization rates for bromine. You'll remember it in Houston, we talked about, on a run-rate basis, that we have today in 2014. With that allocation of bromine to the derivative products that we do. On average, every additional met ton of bromine results in $3,000 of profit, over and above what we're making today. So tremendous leverage as the growth for bromine and we utilize those assets better. So what we need to do from the Albermarle legacy business to deliver that kind of EBIT margin spread and growth that's in there isn't any different than the middle case that we talked about at our Investor Day presentation in Houston.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I think of first of all, we get to look -- that is -- it is hard to keep up, Dmitry. I agree with that. So I don't -- you might not have a view we're going to grow volume in FCC catalysts 10% every year. I'd love to be able to do that, but that's hard. Next year, what we'll have coming on line is TAKREER. And that will be a big volume. So I think next year in 2015, I expect to grow our catalyst volumes again in '15 with a full year at TAKREER. Now we've got a -- here's what we got to do though. We've got to keep that business. And the way you keep business in FCC is you meet -- you help those refineries make more money by providing that customized solution, which means our technology has to be cutting edge, and it has to be the best. So we're investing R&D, we're working with our technical sales organization to ensure we do that. But we don't take any of this volume for granted. We don't take any existing volume we have for granted because there are obviously competitors out there who are working on that technology for our sweet spot just the way we are. So we've got to keep that expertise and that technological edge. But if we do that, I'm confident in that '15 will grow. And then we'll see about '16 down the road.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I -- so from a strategic standpoint, we're not going to run our core businesses any different than way we run them today. I mean, catalyst, we're going to continue to sell for value, as well with bromine. I think the important thing is most of the capital that we need to fund the growth for those businesses, we spent in 2011, 2012. And so I don't see a whole lot of capital coming. We'll continue to work our working capital, we'll free up cash as we -- well, we've started that already. So I don't see any strategic change in our -- in the way we operate our core businesses.
Luther C. Kissam: That's right. Now, look, that's a forecast, and there's upsides and downsides to every forecast, okay? And everybody that lived through 2008, 2009, knows that bad things that can happen. And so what we're going to do is we -- we're not say we're going to deleverage, I also said we're going to pay down debt. So our initial focus is going to be we're going to pay that debt down. And if we're generating that kind of EBITDA, we'll be able to pay it down fast, we'll get to that leverage quicker. And then what we're going to do is we're going to do what we always do. We're going to drive shareholder value. We going to look at organic growth opportunities. We're going to at stock buybacks. And we'll certainly look at increasing the dividend. So our total focus on this is going to be on driving shareholder value and quality returns for our stakeholders.
D. Michael Wilson: Sure, Matt, this is Michael Wilson. It's true that for FCC volumes in the second quarter, they were up fairly marginally versus the prior year quarter. But I would discourage you from looking too closely at a single quarter. I mean, if you look at volumes in FCC for the first half of the year versus the first half of last year, we're up double-digit rates. And if you look -- our expectation is that for the full year, 2014 over 2013, we will see FCC volumes that are up double digits versus the prior year.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I think in the second quarter, we had particularly strong margins. It was really driven by couple of things. And first of all, we had good volumes. We talked about the fact that we had high production rates as we did build them in before, ahead of the outage that we have planned in August for our Bayport facility. But addition to that, we had strong customer mix. And to be honest with you, the customer mix drove more of the margin improvement than did the inventory build. And that's really because we're seeing that -- this continued trend of refiners processing heavy -- heavier, dirtier feeds, which are causing higher catalyst addition rates. And that happens to be occurring at that account. So customers are very profitable for us. Now I would expect as we go forward in the year, those trends are going to continue. I think the sort of segment margin that we had in the second quarter is a bit of an outlier. But overall, I mean, I think we see margins in the business improving from where they were at the 2013 level as we go forward.
D. Michael Wilson: Well, I think from the catalyst standpoint, you're talking about mid-single digit millions in terms of standard gross profit. So it's not all that great.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I think in the quarter and also for the year-to-date, we've seen some modestly higher prices in FCC. And as I look at the full year forecast, I think across the refinery catalyst business, both FCC and CFT, we're going to see higher prices, and they're going to be contribute meaningfully to our year-over-year profit improvement.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, Dmitry, this is Michael Wilson. I think overall, the fundamentals in that business are improving. But I think the second quarter was a bit exceptional in terms of the product mix we had and the volume. Sequentially, we saying that we will be down third quarter versus second. But overall, I'm encouraged about the demand outlook that we're seeing, particularly in the finished catalyst portion of the business and the component side of the business. Now we've talked about the organometallics, or basically the sort of precursors to those finished catalysts. And there's no question that there's overcapacity in that market, and there's price pressure in that market. And that's the reason that we took the actions that Luke talked about around our contract manufacturing earlier in the year. So pricing on the organometallic side is going to remain under pressure for some time, but the fundamentals of the volume improvement, as well as the components and finished catalysts business are encouraging, So I expect to see continued improvement over a longer time period as we go forward.
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. Matt. I guess in our area, what I'd say is we've seen kind of this ongoing stabilization that really started late in 2013. It's held up through the first half of 2014. As always, there are pockets, some areas are a little better, some areas are a little worse. But we've talked about the issue of demand, while PCs and TVs continue to be soft, we are seeing growth from the other areas, and that's helping to stabilize overall demand. In clear brines, while we did have this onetime second quarter event, overall demand has continued to remain strong. And that's also helped demand for the bromine chain, if you will, and helped to create a more stable pricing outlook.
Matthew K. Juneau: So for us, James, it's very small because we are really going to be entering the market in a big way in 2015. So it's -- the big reason for us it's having an impact in profitability now is because as we're seeing this transition, we're seeing reduced sales of HBCD before we're able to deliver GreenCrest to the market. But we will be in the market as that full conversion happens in 2015.
Matthew K. Juneau: Chemtura has commented on that in their earnings call. I'm probably not going to comment beyond what they said. Those kind of numbers are in the right range of delta in price. I think the watch out on that though is there's clearly new capital involved, there's investment involved. So I wouldn't take that delta in price straight to the bottom line.
Matthew K. Juneau: So, Mike, I'll take that. No, specifically as I think Scott noted that our issues in the second quarter were related to the Middle East. And it really just a matter of customer inventory management. The trends that we see overall for us are unchanged. The Middle East right now, as you know, has gone through Ramadan and now the Eid holiday. So now we're probably going to see what happens as we head into early August and they really go back to work. Gulf of Mexico for us was okay in the first half of the year. Southeast Asia was a little soft in the first half, has now picked up as we start the second half of the year.
Matthew K. Juneau: So Jordan is not being impacted yet, Steve. We haven't seen any impacts on our ability to ship or move bromine. There's only one port out of Jordan, that port in Agaba is still moving product okay. We have not yet seen significant impact related to the issues in Israel impacting shipments.
