Matt Juneau: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you’ll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com.  Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President Bromine Specialties; and John Mitchell, President, Lithium and Advanced Materials. Note that Silvio Ghyoot, President of Refining Solutions, is not with us today due to an important business meeting.  As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call.  Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude non-operating, non-recurring and other unusual items. GAAP financial measures and reconciliations from those to the adjusted numbers discussed today may be found in our press release and the Appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Luke.
Matt Juneau: Operator, we’re ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so. I would remind everyone to please limit your question to two per person and at one time, so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Please feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
Matt Juneau: Dmitry, this is Matt. Since Silvio is not here, let me take this one. If you look at what we’ve said about FCC from the beginning of the year, we knew that some of our major customers were going to be undergoing turnarounds and doing competitive trials in FCC, and that’s why our Refining Solutions guidance have been back ended a little bit second half versus first half. It’s kind of like Luke said earlier in response to ‘18, it’s probably a little too early to get into detail in ‘18. But right now, our review of ‘18 in FCC is favorable.
Matt Juneau: So, Lisa, this is Matt. I think we’re out of our time limit. Thank you. You could close the call for us.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everybody. In the first quarter of 2017, Albemarle continued to build on the strong momentum we established last year. Excluding divested businesses and negative currency exchange impacts, revenue grew by almost $95 million or 15% and adjusted EBITDA grew by $27 million or 14% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Growth was driven by adjusted EBITDA increases of 56% in lithium and 11% in bromine.  The combined adjusted EBITDA margins for our three global business units reached 35%, up from 2016’s average of 33%. And total company adjusted EBITDA margins remains strong at 29%. As we’ve discussed in our recent Investor Day, demand for lithium continues to grow rapidly and our business team continues to focus on increasing production to meet both the current and future demand of our customers. Our bromine business is benefiting from improvement employment in demand across various electronic applications and reduced bromine production in China.  At the corporate level, we completed our deleveraging plan following the Chemetall divestiture during the first quarter. As of the end of March, Albemarle net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 0.6. We’re also very pleased with the progress on our $250 million accelerated share repurchase plan and remained on track to complete the buyback by the end of June.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Our strong first quarter results have positioned Albemarle for another outstanding year in 2017. Lithium and bromine both outperformed our initial expectations in the quarter, with Refining Solutions and PCS performing about as expected. Lithium is forecasted to drop second quarter results with year-over-year growth similar to the first quarter. Bromine faces comp comparison both sequentially and against the second quarter of 2016, but favorable market trends appeared to be continuing. In Refining Solutions, negative mix comparisons in CFT and FCC and some cost increases are expected to impact adjusted EBITDA compared to last year. Finally, PCS is likely to continue relatively flat year-over-year performance as competitive pressures continue to impact the base organic metallic’s segment. At a company level, our overall expectations have strengthened since the beginning of the year.  More favorable outlooks for lithium and bromine are forecasted to overcome expected weaker performance in refining. We now expect 2017 net sales of between $2.9 to $3.05 billion and adjusted EBITDA of between $835 million and $875 million. Adjusted EPS should range from $4.20 to $4.40, up from our initial guidance of $4 to $4.25.  As we noted in our recent Investor Day, we’re very excited about the growth potential of Albemarle’s businesses. First quarter results demonstrate our continued pivot to a higher growth profile, and we expect that to continue going forward. Our business teams are focused on meeting the growth challenge by driving results for the second quarter and the rest of 2017 and by executing on our capital projects and business strategies to drive long-term opportunities for our business.
Luke Kissam: The only thing I’d add is was that it is consistent with the expectations and the discussions we had in Investor Day playing out pretty much as we expected it would.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think that’s similar question and it was asked earlier. If you really look what we said, we had a really strong performance out of our Chinese assets in the first quarter. And one quarter does not a year make. So we have to make sure that we can operate that, that on a consistent level during the course of the year. If we do that, we can be able to achieve better than we did, both for the first quarter. If we don’t, we’re going to have a little downside. So what we try to do is range with a regional expectation will be for operating those assets, and that’s how we get to the forecast that we’ve got. But we will have a very strong growth year-over-year in lithium. But on the top line, volume and on the bottom line.
Luke Kissam: I mean, it’s a significant portion of the last 12 months. If not all, it’s pretty damn close. So we’ve had good pricing over the last one, [indiscernible] contract by contract, PJ. But we’re getting price increases across the board on battery-grade products. Probably not as much, John, I would say on the technical grade products. Maybe comment some more on that, but I think on battery grade, it’s safe to say, the entire industry has seen pricing increases.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think, PJ., what we said at the Investor Day still holds. We’re going to look to deploy the cash that we have in a way that creates the greater shareholder value. We’re obviously looking for M&A opportunities that would de-risk or expedite our strategy that could certainly become what resources where we believe they’re viable resources that put us on the cost position that would allow us to be competitive and maintain a market leadership globally that are priced at a point, that we can get a better return on that and we can own other investments that we see. So it all comes down to what’s the viability of the resource and what kind of return can we get on their asset. But John talked in Investor Day about the resource team, we’re out scouring the globe for resources, that includes new resources, that includes companies that are in start-up phase that are looking to attract dollars. So we’re very active. But just because something is for sale and somebody’s talking about it, doesn’t mean it’s a quality asset, it doesn’t mean that you can meet the value expectations of that particular owner.
Luke Kissam: Yes, okay. I’m sorry. I think as I look overall at refining, it’s doing about what we would thought. I think both from a margin standpoint as well as from the EBITDA standpoint, you’re going to see a stronger end of the year. And it just a told you see the mix. I think FCC will be strong in 2018 than in 2017 from what I see today. And then when I look at HPC, it just depends what that mix is going to be. How much of it’s going to be resid, are we going to get a good mix for some of our high profit or not. So I would say on FCC, for what I would see, it would be stronger, a strong and continued that in ‘18. But for HPC, it’s still too early for me to call right now, David.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think we’re getting a little -- I’ll just start off of that Raphael get into details. Part of what we’re seeing a now is [indiscernible] and some tailwinds from what’s going on in China right now. That was reflected in our earlier calls -- our earlier comments, I’m sorry. So I believe we are seeing tailwinds there, but Raphael, I think, could go into more detail.
Luke Kissam: I can’t really comment on the overall industry, but I can comment on the fact that every metric ton that we bring on the market is sold. So it’s sold be our long-term agreement. Some of those agreements have options if we able to produce more volume, we can place it directly with those customers. So as much as we can make in the battery grade will be placed into the market to our long-term customers.
Luke Kissam: Yes, it was mainly, Dmitry, price and mix, call it a disconnect. And remember at our Investor Day, we talked about moving in and trying to get more into the resid market, [indiscernible] resid market and how they trading capital. We had good volume in hydro treating catalyst, but more of it was in that resid where we make our margins are less, and if we sell into this business market, so that was a piece of it. And we also had with our joint venture, sold more resid out of that, too, in Japan. So that was really a mix issue.
Luke Kissam: So from my standpoint, I think Raphael mentioned really growth point there I think we have de-risk of that bromine business on the downside because of the broad applications that we have in that business and how this evolved over the last five or 10 years.
Luke Kissam: I mean, look, I think I don’t think you’re over thinking it. I think that everywhere that you have a connector or anywhere you need more computing power where you have a fitted wiring board, that’s an opportunity for bromine for that application today. The question becomes over the next decade as they become smaller or they stay in the same size or what’s the new technology others. So I think where we feel very positive about that business. We continue to operate it as a key to our strategy. It continues to generate excellent cash flow. And we continue to harvest that cash and invest in the maintenance of our bromine business so that we can guarantee the prompt response that our customers need and to continue to grow as best we can. But do not expect bromine to grow high single and low double digits for the next five years. It will not do it. We’ve said it will grow around GDP, up some, down some. This year, it’s going to be enough. I don’t know what the future holds. But within what we can control, we’re going to make this the best bromine business in the world.
Luke Kissam: So what you got to look back overall, when you look at the fact is what you’re capital cost, what’s your cost of depreciation that goes in there, how do you operate the assets versus how they were operated before, what do our ages any standards and the other process standards that we have, how does that impact that margin. We’ve obviously, as you would expect, believe that resid rely tolling that we make more money and we de-risk of those strategy by having. So you saw some improvement in our first quarter margin. And if you look at that, we said a good deal of it was driven by a recent of those Chinese assets that we own. So it’s a positive move and as we bring on more and more capacity and reduce our unit costs down, we will be able to continue to deliver the best-in-class type of margins that we did in the first quarter.
Luke Kissam: But Chris -- hi Chris if I can make one other point. I know everybody’s what are margins going to be, you can’t just look at in one avenue and say you’re moving now to your own conversion assets, so your margins are to be bought or. You we’ve got additional cost that are -- that we’re going to be running through that will ramp up of the course of the year from the expiration standpoint. That didn’t hit as much in the first quarter as you’re going to see it in the next three quarters. And we have got to spend that money to understand the quality of the potential resources that we could bring on in the next decade. And that money that been in a ramp-up over the course of the rest of the year. So we -- as we look at our margins overall, this year, our margins in lithium could be a little bit higher than the target that we set. But I don’t see the first quarter repeating every quarter for the rest of the year from a margin perspective.
John Mitchell: This is John Mitchell. As from a pricing perspective, we’re focused on long-term agreements with our customers. We now have over 80% of our volume under agreement in the 2017 year. And you’ve seen that we’ve been able to secure 21% increase in pricing in Q1. We expect that to continue, and that pricing to hold for the remainder of the year. From a volume perspective, we’ve always messaged that we expect to bring on about 10,000 metric tons or more per year of additional incremental volume. So we’re on track to do or better in 2017.
John Mitchell: So with regard to additional capacity filling the demand need in 2017, we see principally the mines in Western Australia providing some of that capacity in conjunction with some Chinese extra capacity that’s out there in the market. And then also Albemarle is playing a big role in meeting the demand need as well as a result of the two Chinese asset that we have that we’re ramping up in Xinyu and Chengdu and then also our ramp-up in La Negra, our La Negra II plant.
John Mitchell: Yes, this is John. We see it was just really a short-lived, no real concern by our cathode and battery customers. If you look at the number of units sold and the breakdown of EVs and plug-in hybrid sales in 2016, in China was about 45% of the market. In Q1, they’re about 30% of the market, and that’s really just off of a strong March. So we see a good rebound in China. They’re going to be a significant player in terms of the overall EV and plug-in hybrid growth going forward, and no concern from the customer base.
John Mitchell: Hi Bob, so the nameplate capacity of the two combined plants, the Chengdu is 5,000 metric tons, and Xinyu 10,000. So we have room to continue to ramp up in 2017. And then we’ve already begun the expansion of another 20,000 to 25,000 metric ton expansion in Xinyu bringing total capacity there to 30,000 to 35,000 metric tons by probably early 2018. And in terms of where we’re placing products, it’s a combination. I mean, that product is qualified with our key battery customers. And so we’re able to export it to even customers with the most stringent quality metrics. So we worked hard through the integration period and the negotiation period to ensure that those plants were qualified.
John Mitchell: So it is true that certain customers has specifications that may lend itself to only being supplied from certain assets. However, we are trying to make sure that we have as much flexibility in our Albemarle supply chain as possible so that we can supply customers for multiple facilities. So in the specific case of lithium hydroxide, we have a single battery customer that we can supply from Kings Mountain from Xinyu and from Chengdu, but we have to make sure that each of those plants are qualified to the specific customer specification. But we’re taking those decisions, what makes sense, what’s economical, what’s efficient for us and making sure that we have as much flexible in our system. But it is true each individual plant, no matter, whether it’s Albemarle or through someone else, have to get qualified to a specific customer specification.
John Mitchell: So one of the key things is acquisition of our Chinese assets. As you recall, last year, they were part of our pulling portfolio, so there’s a bit of an arbitrage in terms of taking them into the Albemarle portfolio. And then also, we’re getting better performance out of those assets than the old owners we’re getting out of it, and it’s a great team that we have there in China. So we’re getting better performance and we’re also getting the effect of arbitrage around the tolling fee. And then, obviously, we have better pricing this quarter versus last quarter.
John Mitchell: So I believe on previous calls, we hinted that La Negra will be ramping up kind of the 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, so this year bringing 6,000, 7,000 metric tons of carbonate coming on from La Negra and then the balance coming from the Chinese assets in Xinyu and Chengdu. So that’s, we’re pretty much on track, and I see some extra volume coming out of the Chinese asset going forward, though.
John Mitchell: Yes, we don’t have any insight on what the Chinese government would do there other than what we would read in the press. So we don’t know. But anything that they do in such stat is going to be a continuation of what we’ve seen around the world from a regulatory standpoint and encourage you to electronic vehicles and we see it is something that could possibly impact our Lithium business in the growth process.
John Mitchell: Yes, Luke. Just second to Luke’s said, we track all the projects around the world. We make sure that they’re considered in terms of the supply demand balance. So I think the project that you’re referring to it is included in some other, we don’t see any change in terms of our outlook, in terms of supply demand balance.
John Mitchell: Yes, P.J. Just to reiterate what Luke just said, I would say mostly on of our battery grade customers have seen some pricing movement. As you get into other markets, as we’ve said before, we typically price the value. And you look at a lot of other external factors, like energy prices and things like that, to make sure that the value of our products makes sense for the consumer. And again, in terms of our long-term view with customers, we’re going to treat our customers a very fair way where we can work together to supply the needs of the industry, the energy storage market, and we’re going to grow together. And so that’s really a key part of our overall strategic approach and partnership approach with the leading battery producers in the world.
John Mitchell: PJ, this is John. Just one other quick comment, and again, we mentioned this during Investor Day, but I think it’s important in terms of our approach. We are only building out capacity on the back of long-term agreements, which is different than maybe others in the market. So it’s really going to come down to our partnership arrangements with our customers, what their demand is, and then that’s going to need to us building out capacity, whether it’s through Greenfield, Brownfield or M&A.
John Mitchell: Yes. So as we outlined in Investor Day, we continue to see growth in consumer products area. These are cellphone, power tools, that’s sort of thing, and 7% to 8% per year. And the big growth is actually coming from the transportation space, automobiles, buses, that sort of thing. Small contribution from food storage, really, very, very small that’s more of story that’s 5 to 10 years out type of thing.
John Mitchell: So Mike, the royalty payments, community payments, are all fully baked into Q1 results. So that went into effect January 1. So it’s all part of the mixed now. With regard to potash, as you know, potash is a pretty small part of our business in terms of the way it contributes 5-ish, around 5%. As we actually extract more brine out of the viatorcoma [ph], we’ll have the ability to expand on a potash basis. But right now, we’re essentially maxed out in terms of our potash plant and we’ll evaluate as we extract more brine what the opportunities look like for potash going forward.
John Mitchell: With regard to pricing, I would say no. I mean, one it is necessarily stronger or weaker on an incremental basis. As you know -- may know that the price for hydroxide trends higher than carbonate. But on a year-on-year basis, one is performing better than the other at this point.
John Mitchell: So first off, I do think that this business has growth potential. It suffers from some over capacity in the organometallic, so we’re seeing volume growth. We’re just seeing price decline over the last number of years. Hopefully, we hit the bottoms. But its growth -- the overall business will continue to grow based on the growth of plastics and the new and more high-performance types of plastics and resins that are going into packaging. So it does have -- as we outlined at Investor Day, we do believe that it does have a nice growth profile. We’ve suffered also from a significant customer bankruptcy. And so we’re kind of in a turnaround year, where hopefully will bottom out. And then the business will be back on a nice trajectory going forward.
John Mitchell: Yes, David. As you look at the guidance, so EBITDA is up, you’re correct, $35 million, but that comes on the back of increased revenue, and as a result of that, increased working capitals. And since most of the guidance increases in the second half of the year, not in the second quarter, but in the second half. The working capital really stays out there on our balance sheet that you are in. So as a result, that are cash flow -- we’re expecting cash flow to be about the same, maybe a little bit better, but about the same, so in that range of $200 million to $300 million. There really are no other spending changes, if you will, captured in that guidance. CapEx is about where we thought it was going to be. Other items are where we thought they’re going to be.
John Mitchell: As we said a little bit earlier on the call in talking to our cathode and battery customers and just having spend a little bit of time in Asia. No concern in our end, that the actions by Chinese government or the incentives, well in a way affect our guidance for the remainder of 2017.
John Mitchell: So this is John. The shift from toll to captive happened as a result of the acquisition of the two Chinese facilities that we acquired. So they were tolling facilities for us originally than through the acquisition, now they’re producing volumes that are part of our portfolio, plus we’re expanding the volumes within those assets. Tolling will always be a part of our portfolio. And we continue -- we have a couple other tolling partners that we continue to do business with this year. The tolling volumes this year for those other tolling partners, not necessarily growing, but we continue to maintain those relationships going forward and expect to for a long time.
John Mitchell: Yes. So margins from a tolling facility as you can imagine will be lowered than the margins from facility that we own because the tone needs to make some kind of process in terms of operating that asset for us. So yes. So you end up improving your margin by shifting from tolling to captive assets.
John Mitchell: Yes. So we’ve started production in Q1, certainly going to continue to ramp from a volumetric perspective, increasing throughout the year. And as we’ve said, we’re going to probably bring 6,000 to 7,000 metric tons on this year and then another one third in 2018. So it’ll be a continuous ramp through 2017.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Scott. One of the key things that drove our first quarter was great performance out of our factories. So we’re a little bit hedging on that, make sure that if that continues, we have a bit of an upside that’s based into that range. So we continue to think that we’ll have 100 to 100 plus in the following quarters, so.
Scott Tozier: And again, I go back to our philosophy and strategy to secure long-term agreements with customers on a long-term basis, multi-year basis and bring on capacity to meet those contracts and so as we bring up on our own captive capacity, essentially sold out day one. So we need the relationships with the tolling partners to give us some flexibility as well.
Scott Tozier: So the other markets -- I mean, the largest market for Albemarle is our flame retardants market. The largest market for the industry is flame retardants for bromine. Next is completion fluids, and then we have a whole host of specialty applications, and those have been there small in volume, but in total, they performed pretty well. But overall, the strength of our business, because of the importance of flame retardants, the strength of our results in Q1 and when we look out for the year, it’s really going to be driven by flame retardants and then some recovery in clear brines later in the year. With regard to China, as I had said, I think that we -- we’re expecting prices an average to still be higher than what we’ve seen on the average of the previous 5 years. We think it’ll still remain strong on year, but we don’t know with the second half of the year will look like when summer production could come back up in China. And there are volume -- the production has been low, the demand has been fairly good. And therefore, that’s been -- what’s driven up prices. Expected to be good, but we’re not banking on it on the long term. That is why we continued to work all the things we do on productivity within our assets to make sure we stay competitive whether the market is up, whether the market is down.
Raphael Crawford: This is Raphael. I think we are pleased with our Q1 results. We do think it we’ll perform better than what we originally expected for the full year. But on the long-term basis, bromine is still a little growth business from a volume and an EBITDA standpoint. But we’re certainly doing all the things we can to keep our margin profile high. And if there are additional volume opportunities in some of our markets, we’ll be looking to capture those opportunities.
Raphael Crawford: Yes, I’m sorry. On clear brine, we still see good demand in the Middle East. We saw that through last year. We see that in the first quarter. But if you remember, Albemarle was strategically advantaged with having a plant, both in North America as well as in Jordan. So we’re able to capture opportunities in clear brines as they come up. We see the Middle East is still fairly good. Gulf of Mexico, we should see that coming back at the end of 2017 or, let’s say, the second half into 2018. And the rest of the world is soft, at least from our perspective.
Raphael Crawford: Yes, David, I’m going to agree with what Luke is saying. There’s a tailwind on the tightness of bromine availability in China. And that has the effect on local Chinese pricing, which is continues to be favorable. We’re still -- compared to last year, the average, we’re up 50% better on local bromine pricing in China. So that’s helpful for our development of bromine business into China, so that’s still relatively small. So the real tailwind that we’ve seen recently on the limited exports of flame retardants out of China which could take a little bit of the pressure of some of our other markets, so that’s been favorable to us on a volume standpoint as well as holding pricing constant. But all this, we watched this closely, we have folks on the ground in China, we held all major reports, we always launching this. And we’re always cautious coming out of the winter months where production is low. And as we look at the summer, we didn’t need to get to the summer, see how production might ramp back up in China. If it does, what the impact would be before we can settle in on the real factor.
Raphael Crawford: This is Raphael, Dan. I don’t think that we reduced our exposure to the electronics. But what I would say is that there’s been a greater diversification of applications within the electronics that has given us more confidence going into the future. As Scott had mentioned, there’s still as cyclicality in electronics overall, but we’re no longer as dependent, for example, on PCs and TV sales and that we’ve diversified, but the market have diversified into wire and cable for automotives, so transportation, wire and cable and Circuit Boards has really increased and some of the end markets have changed. So we feel like it’s in a more stable position going forward.
Raphael Crawford: Yes. Sure, Chris. It’s roughly in the printed wire board market as well as the connector space, that’s what we’re seeing the strength in flame retardants. It’s not so much in enclosure. It is good news that when we look at the statistics, certainly, we’ve seen the bottoming out or leveling out on the enclosures market, but it’s not what was the meaningful contribution to our improved performance. And now, we think it will drive the rest of the year.
