John Steitz: Thanks, Luke, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start with Catalyst which delivered outstanding performance by any historical measure and set numerous records. Refinery catalyst revenue and seven income each rose over 40% driven by record levels in FCC profit and a double digit increase in FCC revenue to an old time high. HPC results were also stellar with sales up 55% year over year and biomes up 35%, marketing the third straight quarter double digit year on year growth. In refining, key value drivers for us included higher customer operating rates as plant issues at a few larger customers who were dragged on results during the first half of 2011, and also continued expansion and growth in China, Brazil, India and the Middle East. Polyolefin catalyst also reported record profits on strong sales growth and double digit volume growth. We continue to benefit from growing global demand for plastics and rapidly developing economies. In particular, traction towards shifting the business toward higher value-specialized catalyst systems and in addition, early success on our new line of High Purity organometallics into the LED market. On the topic of raw materials, a key priority obviously remains effectively managing the Rare’s dynamic by securing adequate supplies and effectively passing through these costs. If you are aware the rare of price index started 2011 around $60,000 metric ton and rose to $140,000 per ton by the end of June. Starting in August, the index began declining and ended the quarter around 80,000 a ton. We continue to help customers find ways to minimize the use of rarers in our FCC catalyst. We’ve been successful in these efforts and during the quarters have good traction towards enhancing our low rare earth competitive advantage and demonstrating responsiveness towards our customers in managing this dynamic. Specifically approximately 38% of our customer formulations have moved to lower rear earth catalyst and another 20% are currently under customer evaluation. Overall in the third quarter, outstanding supply chain execution, good buying growth and exceptionally good product mix, growth catalyst margins higher. We anticipate finishing the year strong and positioning our business for another year of growth in 2012. Within Fine Chemistry, performance chemical’s profit grows an impressive 64% on 31% sales growth. As you know, this division benefits from tremendous end-market diversity and a wider array of growth drivers. Clear brine growth remains exceptional with volumes up over 50%. Middle East demand in particular offset continued weak Gulf of Mexico trends. Other profit drivers included stronger means performance and sales into the food safety, industrial water treatment and mercury control end-markets. Our food safety business set a new profit record during the quarter and in light of the recent food recalls, Albemarle has been instrumental in working with key processors across the globe to implement food safety solutions that will provide for effective control of food-borne pathogens. While we’re closely watching developments related to the upcoming EPA decision on mercury, it’s notable that mercury control delivered strong revenue in the profit growth benefiting from the advancement of regulations both domestically and internationally where governments have already adapted more strengths and standards. Fine Chemistry services also reported excellent sales and profit increases of 23% and 40% year-over-year respectively, driven by exceptional results across our specialty pharmaceutical lines in particular. A very healthy pipeline of perspective opportunities and contracts for 2012, including Sega [ph], Emrest [ph] and other proprietary specialty compounds gave us confidence in the outlook for this business. Polymer Solutions volumes were down in the order of 15% year-over-year primarily due to mineral flame retardant volumes in Europe. However, segment income of 55 million was more than double the product levels of quarters during 2008 and 2009 when we reported similar volumes. It’s important to note that Polymer’s segment income was achieved despite a 49% year-over-year stabilizers and curatives profit decline due to the absence this year versus last year of the data production campaign supporting high-speed rail orders from China. This performance provides the first in what we expect will be a series of operating data points confirming that we’ve successfully reset the earnings floor for this business during transitioning to higher value-added products, shedding under performing assets, pricing initiatives and after having restructured our R&D efforts. October and November order book trends lead us to expect that the decline in total volumes have stopped while the array of cost, new product introductions and pricing initiatives we have led over the past two years should continue to support strong margins for our business in the future. So with that I’ll turn it over to Scott.
John Steitz: Yes this is John Steitz. Yes, that’s a good barometer, I’d say. And that’s kind of what we’re looking at, a very strong finish by any measure.
John Steitz: Yes, the biggest – the majority of that pricing improvement was the FCC catalyst which is increased based on what rare earth is doing. That’s why I try to pay particular attention in our formal comments around rare earth issues related to impact on revenue. But our polyolefin catalyst business did quite well on price too, year-over-year it was up double digit and mid single digit sequentially. And our HPC business tracks (inaudible) has been on the sequential decline – and that pricing is tied to that.
John Steitz: Well there’s a lag involved in that, Alex, so there’s a lag going up as we saw in the first half, and there’s a lag going down as we’ll see in the fourth quarter, and part of the first quarter. So not so much I’d say it’s muted in the fourth quarter – we have – if index pricing stays where it is now in reverse, we’ll see a bigger impact towards the second, third and fourth quarters of next year.
John Steitz: Okay, yes PJ, let me start with the Brominated flame retardant business, up nicely year over year, but on a declining volume. So price more than adequately covered decline in volume. Year over year was down low to mid single digits, so on a volume basis, pricing year over year was up about 20%, was up 4% sequentially, so our momentum or our pricing continues despite the sluggish volumes. Stabilizers and curatives on volumes were down, we wanted to highlight the issue of the one curative, we call it beta [ph] we make that in Pasadena. Last year, in the third quarter, we had a strong production campaign for it, and revenues were doing quite well, and this is all related as a curative for the rail lines – or on high speed rail on China. We’re still very hopeful that that will pick up again next year. But those were the big impacts. The biggest volume impact, and I don’t think people are really aware of this, but I’d like to highlight it, was in mineral flame retardants. And at the height of some of the economic crisis, politically, you know, a lot of European customers were in the middle of shutdowns and turnarounds in their plants in Europe and we tended to see that extended in August. So that was probably the biggest volume impact that we saw in the Polymer Solutions business and I think between those three, we’ll give you a little better picture of it.
John Steitz: Yeah David, we’re seeing it now as flat with Q3 so that is hence drove our comment that we have seen as volume erosion stopped. I just like to give you a little color around that though. In the third quarter, we saw reasonable volumes in July, softer volumes in August, stronger volumes in September and October volumes have maintained at that September level and November looks a little bit better which has kind of led us to a pretty strong conclusion that there really is an inventory correction that’s occurred here and won our customer base. There was somewhere buy in correction in the fourth quarter of last year and brominated flame retardants and I believe that that’s kept any kind of inventory build from occurring though the course of this year. So that’s why we remain pretty confident our volumes have stopped and going forward in the fourth quarter will be a flat to maybe up slightly if we get a little bit of an assist.
John Steitz: Yeah, we remained positive about the pricing environment David. We saw in bromine and flame retardants of 4% sequential improvement and I think, more importantly, we really focused on some of our specialties in the back half of the years, in the back half of 2011 and actually, in that range of products, we saw really terrific momentum year-over-year and about a 15% to 16% increase sequentially. So if we get a volume assist next year with volumes improving, I think we’ll get our mojo back on pricing.
John Steitz: Yes. Well, you say, you know, we polished about 15% and the majority, almost two thirds of that was in mineral. So that’s the way to look at it.
John Steitz: Well first, you know, volumes year-over-year were up mid single digit, okay, for us. And it was double digit sequentially. Overall, you know, there continues to be – to be a lot of pressure on the U.S. and European refining base, but we see growth in the Middle East and India more than offsetting that. And even – and you said refining margins have improved. And that’s true. But it’s very disparate. You know, the East and West Coast are really being hit with a lot of imports. The Midwest continues – the Midwest and Southeast and west continues to be in pretty good shape. So it’s very disparate as the way I’d say. But overall, globally, you know, we continue to see growth opportunities in FCC and especially in some of the high propylene yielding Catalysts desired in the Asian regions. A lot of growth potential. So hopefully that kind of frames up FCC for you. HPC has been I think aided by these higher refining margins you talked about, impressive. You know, we talked about it in our formal comments. We were seeing strong volumes in the fourth quarter. And this could kind of build the foundation for almost I’d say a record setting first quarter of 2012. So we’re trying to, as we said, finish a strong 2011 and position the business for some nice growth for 2012 in both FCC and HPC.
John Steitz: Yes, Steve, we’re not concerned about impacting profitability overtime. We consider to pass through. Thus in fact our working capital as Scott iterated. But overtime we’ve done – I think we’ll just pass through those cost. There’s a lag going up as I described earlier. There’s a lag going down. And we’ll see that at both ends. So it will affect revenues to a degree and margins to a degree. But the – at the end of the day the actual profit dollars generated will be based – they’ll be driven based on the value of this Catalysts produced for the individual refiner. So keep that in mind. We’ve I think dealt extraordinarily well with the rare earth issue. I think that 60,000 of ton which is where it’s running today, that will ease the pressure for a conversion. But at the end of the day, you just have to have… [Audio Gap] performance in this catalyst. That’s what really counts.
John Steitz: Well, Jeff, let me give you the broad number and we’ll talk about pass through. The total headline number for this year is about 140 million. That breaks down year-over-year about 25 million in the first quarter, about 40 million in the second quarter, third quarter is about 50 million, and then the fourth quarter will ease to about 25 million. So that should add up to about 140 million year over year. The majority of that is rare earth. As you can see at the end of 2010, we’re probably lagging in getting the rare earth coverage. And now, we’re achieving that rare earth coverage. And then the balance, the bigger issues are benzene and ethanol, that chain. That’s easing a bit, as you know. The other inorganics and things like that are not a big part of the equation but hopefully that would kind of put it in the context for you.
John Steitz: Very volatile. You know, hard to predict. But we really try to stay on top of this every week here in the company. I’m hoping, you know, the rare earth issue, you know, will subside and stabilize. Molybdenum seems to be stabilizing. But we have to be prepared for volatility in these metals markets, right? Ethanol, benzene, very closely tied to oil. Obviously, oil has a degree of volatility, but we’re comfortable in dealing with that and all of our product lines. So we’re going to deal with it. We don’t have a view yet on 2012 on raws and energy. But we’ll keep you tuned in on that.
John Steitz: No, no. There’s a good of an inventory effect and most of the big issue there is rare earth, right? And so we’ve – I think coming down, we weren’t really purchasing a lot of rare earth in the third quarter so I can’t say it had a big impact.
John Steitz: Yeah. It’s hard for me to say we give up some of the upside because you have to assume we’d be selling that and if they would to the in-cost. So the way I look at it is they might have make a bad decision, we still make better than – on the stuff that we’re selling but it’s not as profitable as our other businesses but it certainly does run our assets harder in slower times than we would if we did have that contract off.
John Steitz: Well generally in the first quarter, Laurence, this is John, when we have stronger HPC business we have FCC behind us. A little bit too early to tell where FCC behind the picture looks like at this point but we do know that the HPC order book is really strong. It could be a record level on the first quarter.
John Steitz: Not on my watch. So, we’re keeping an eye on that. And you know driving is value is really important to us as a company, Laurence, so, to my knowledge, no. There hasn’t been any price cutting.Laurence Alexander – Jefferies & Co.: Ok. Thank you.
John Steitz: Yes. Yes, Luke. That’s a good a way to look at it Mike. And generally, Mike, the way I look at overall Polymer Solutions, since the end of 2009, we have more than doubled the growth margin per kilo in that business as a whole.Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Right. And then in – and can you remind me, in ’09 versus ’08, bromine prices were basically flat in a difficult environment. And could you us a feel for why you think your pricing was able to be flat in a tough environment.
John Steitz: Yes, the 1st Quarter of 2012 in HPC looks sold out at this time, Mike. And I think I said it earlier, we hope to have a record in 1st Quarter in 2012. And I add that our regenerated – our joint ventures and our royalty income is also doing really well. So, it’s a combination of a lot of factors that have so positively contributed to the result in the 3rd Quarter. And I remember last year, in the 3rd quarter, just to give you a little color around this. We hit 32% margins on a similar basis. And there’s a lot people who couldn’t believe that we could keep that kind of thing going. So, when I look at the 3rd Quarter, I just believe that it’s kind of a new watermark for our business as a whole. And it makes me firmly believe that our 2015 margin targets are realistic and achievable.Mike Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
John Steitz: I think people are painfully aware of managing working capital towards the end of this year so I don’t believe it’s been a correction on the restocking side. And the other point I may add is that the biggest part of the volume decline that we experienced in the third quarter related to our mineral flame retardant volumes, and as primarily in Europe and I think there’s a lot of confidence issues obviously affecting Europe and affected our customer base there. That volume appears to be coming back also from that third quarter level so overall, we’re feeling good about the fourth quarter. We’re feeling good about the overall profitability of the company and we feel even better about 2012 and our ability to grow that business across all three business lines.
Luke Kissam: Yeah and PJ, this is Luke. I think we talked volume that we sell on an annual basis and two products, SCC Catalyst and mineral flame retardants is typically make up about 25% of that total volume so when we have a movement like we’ve had in mineral flame retardants, it can really impact the volume as we look at it from a quarter-to-quarter or sequentially our year-over-year so you have to be mindful of that.
Luke Kissam: One of the things that I think we’ve done in the past PJ is - I think there’s a certain level at which if bromine prices is over at a certain level, it really doesn’t matter to us. It’s not really a competitive advantage or disadvantage for us so we don’t really look at what the bromine prices coming out of China. I think it’s probably dipped a little bit from the highs that we talked about but it’s just that, it still causes an issue coming from a call standpoint and competing with us on a derivative basis which is the key because as you know only about 10% of our bromine is sold as elemental bromine. The value that we get in derivatizing that bromine is when we really extract brine from the Polymer Solutions business. So I wouldn’t look too much at any specific number whether it’s up or down within a range like we’ve seen here, it’s going to move around a little bit depending on what’s going over there. I think that you’re going to continue to see shutdowns of bromine capacity in China and those resources continue to be depleted going forward.
Luke Kissam: And David, this is Luke, I think when you go back and we look at 2009 when volume started coming back, the key for us is we didn’t have to give away a lot of price for volume. It was a pricing game that people going back near the volume, it was main coming back. I felt a little bit around it and nobody was out there giving away price to try to gain volume so we were anticipating that our pricing would hold for the value that we’re able to deliver to the customers in that area going forward.
Luke Kissam: I mean, Jeff, the only thing I’d say, if you can go back and look over the last three years of what we thought raw material inflation was going to be and then what it actually turned out to be, we usually were underestimating the impact of raw material inflations. And what we’ve got to do on a daily basis, really, is manage those inflations and still deliver the kind of earnings that we expect in our shareholders for these things so more to come on that as we finish our AOP process for 2012 and roll that out to you guys in January.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think – Jeff, we obviously think that $59 was a good price. We spent $180 million roughly on our returnee and value to shareholders that we had to share and buy back. We got a great wealth of opportunities in front of us and we will continue to be opportunistic in buying back shares. But you shouldn’t expect that when we do our first quarter call or fourth quarter call that I’m going to tell you that we bought back another 5 million shares. We’re not expecting to do that. This is consistent to what we’ve done in the past where we have – had the board authorize a number of shares and then we selectively go in here and had made opportunistic bias.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think it’s up about 50% overall from a bromine – bromated flame-retardant standpoint, we’re about 50%. John, is that…
Luke Kissam: Well, I’ll tell you. In 2009, I was traveling around Asia, meeting with customers and it was a manner of - nobody was asking me for price. They were asking me for volume because they had over corrected and they needed the volume and one customer in Japan particularly, he told me he didn’t care what the price was. He just needed assurances of volume. So the history of 2009 gives me confidence that while there maybe a little bit around the edges on some price, the value that we provide with these innovative solutions, but we’re not going have to get back price and we are fairly confident on that going forward from here.Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, thank you very much.
