Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Carissa, and welcome everyone to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section, at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our Press Release. That same language applies to this call. Finally, reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Lorin Crenshaw: Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A, but before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has a chance, then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons, if time allows. Please proceed.
Lorin Crenshaw: PJ, the first part of the question on utilization rates, if you look at Bromine for the fourth quarter and then you look at our bromide flame retardants, if you look at Bromine overall we were in that mid-70 range for the fourth quarter, like we said we're going to be and then if you look at the derivatives, we were operating at that low 40% level in the fourth quarter. We are approaching both of those upticks in the first quarter of 2013 for Bromine to the low to mid 80's and Bromine derivatives in the 50% range, 50% plus range which really put us in the range where we were operating across the whole year of 2012. And then PJ, I'm sorry but I didn't understand the last piece of your question, you faded out.
Lorin Crenshaw: I think the downtime one way or the other, it was about the same. We ran clear completion fluid hard both places. We had a very strong clear completion fluids quarter and we ran Jordon and Magnolia hard on completion fluids and in fact sold some of the inventory levels into the inventory levels in the fourth quarter. Otherwise, we didn’t run tetrabone very hard and that’s the only really too comparative. So it’s pretty equivalent across those two.
Lorin Crenshaw: It’s not a structural shift into what we are selling. We are still selling into the same products that we were selling before. I think as I interpret your question it’s really, are we in a secular trend away from PCs into tablets and you read as much as I do about that. I think it depends upon what area of the world that you are looking at. It depends upon what price points people are trying to sell but I don’t think if you look at the data on the PC shipments and you look at tablets in the developed world at least, they are moving more to tablets and in the developing world, it’s a still more of a PC type phenomenon as we have discussed before. We are not in the bulk of tablets, maybe in some printed wiring boards and things like that with the enclosures. We are largely not in that. There could be some modifications to what people are talking about from iPhones and to go into tablets to make them cheaper, at a more cost competitive price point and if they do that, it depends what resin system they are going to go to. If they go to polycarbonate, probably not a whole way probability for growth and Brominated Flame Retardants if they go hips (ph) or ABS, there would be opportunity there and where that ultimately shapes out would depend upon the cost of the entire resin system. Our product Gemini is getting good response from our customers. We are running some test, all kind of great. Our reports in that may give us opportunities in certain areas with connectors , chargers, wiring boards and things like that at higher ends. So we are really excited about the possibility of that being a real commercial contributor into the future.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think we are constantly monitoring the situations out there in the markets and our cash and as we said, as we are trying to taking the call, we are going to look for ways to both grow the business and return substantial cash to our investors, and I would expect in the first half of the year we will be studying that and looking out at the possible actions we can do to drive that shareholder value even higher.
Luke Kissam: I think Bob, the way I’d look at it is, it would be more bolt on, the ways that would complement our technology and allow us to grow the business, as opposed to a take out. If we saw an opportunity for a takeout that made sense that we could do that, in certain of our businesses that would be doubling down on some exposures that make us hard enough to model as it is. So I think we are looking at ways to try to grow the business and use that complementary technology to allow us to do so.
Luke Kissam: Yes so Vince, I think, we worked hard in the second half of the year to bring our inventory levels back into line with, kind of historical averages and we were successful doing that; not just in Polymer Solutions but in all three of our businesses. As we go into 2013 we are expecting to build demands tighter this year and have a smoother operating rate. As Luke mentioned in the Bromine and the Brominated Flame Retardants, we are expecting that to be in the low to mid-50 ranges, going up maybe to the upper 50 range from an operating rate perspective. We will see something, traditional levels in our HPC and FCC catalyst factors as well in kind of that mid-70 to upper 80 ranges depending on what the timing of shipments are. So we're expecting to have a better profile there for inventory next year.
Luke Kissam: Yes, we were expecting between 25% and 26% again, a lot of uncertainty out there with what's happening in the U.S. government but based on the big driver for our tax rate has almost always been certainly less several years the mix of our earnings depending on which country they're coming from. And our current outlook would point us to that 25% to 26% range.
Luke Kissam: Overall for the year, I would expect that profit to be up and I think that the fact they are up is going to mask, they are going to be able to overcome some of these additional headwinds costs that they had in the beginning of the year for startups from transition from Albemarle volume to our joint venture volumes. So I expect big things out of PCS this year, I think it will be a good growth trend and a piece of that is going to really focus on the LED markets and our pure growth family products and if you listen to the other calls and listen to their LED markets and then the market data, that looks to be a back half of the year, that’s how people view it is. It is going to be start slower and build during the course of the year, the transition to LED. So that’s a part the big growth that we are looking forward to in PCS in 2013.
Luke Kissam: I think the big driver on fourth quarter being down for Fine Chemistry is just coming out of the custom services and some high profit projects that really just didn’t have shipments there, and that really overcame that big growth in clear brine that we talked about. So I don’t think there is any read through there. It’s really just a mix between those products that caused the drop.
Luke Kissam: And I think in the fourth quarter, what we saw mainly was a lot of driving down inventory levels in the fourth quarter. So I think you have seen this order pattern. It remains to be same whether it’s restocking or whether it’s actually through demand build across the chain.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, we had given out the number for the full profit declines. We have only stated that it was significant, but if you look at the inventory levels, I’ll ask Scott to address that. The only thing I will say is, you say has it normalized and I guess normalized to what? It was $4 before at end of the year, $4 before all the escalation came up per kilo. If you look at, at the end of the year 2012 it was roughly 10. So it was still twice as high as it was in 2010, but it's probably 10% of what it was it points in time in 2011 or 2012 but Scott may have more specific color on that.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think you have got to look at it by division. The way the catalyst is shaping up right now, they have got cost in the first half of the year and they have got some increased volumes built in over the second half. So catalyst I think you will see a study build, with some pretty big in third and fourth quarters if those volumes come out the way you expect. You would expect a backend year for Fine Chemistry services. So I would see that being kind of, higher progressively into the second, the third and then the fourth and then most of the time for polymers, as we will come back from Chinese New Year and see what happens although with the last half of the first quarter, usually a stronger second and third quarter with a weaker fourth but I think that weaker fourth in polymers will not totally offset the strength that we expect in catalyst if that volume comes through.
Luke Kissam: I feel better. Yeah I feel better about the strategy, I feel better about, we have more information a day. So with more information, you are able to plan better. I feel good about the sites. We have always said these projects could online, on time and on budget and we have always expected them to and they were always tracking but I was able to go to Korea and see that start up with that Greenfield site. The biggest development I see is the work in the catalyst development unit that we have over there is filled up. So that bodes well for filling up that site quickly in the second half of the year and we are seeing some pickup in our pure growth family of products in catalyst; so that feels good. I just don’t know what is going to happen in electronics longer term; it feels better today than it did three or four months ago. There is some good data and bad data but there is more clarity. So you can plan for when you have more clarity and we pretty well feel good about the clear completion fluids. So, overall I would say today, I feel better than I did four months ago.
Luke Kissam: No, because I don’t feel the need to operate those sites wide open. It’s a no win situation if you go out and try to chase that volume and to shutter it down, if you remember, in 2009 and 2010 whenever it’s crying backup, if you remember back, we will run in as hard as we could run and still could not meet the customer demand out there for that build. So to take it out puts me at risk of not being able to meet a customer’s need when the market rebounds there. So we will operate them efficiently as possible from a cost standpoint. We will cross train employees, we will ensure that we are operating them as efficiently as possible but to take them out of service, all that does is I got to write off for the asset that that’s no longer in service. So it’s really, I don’t see where that does us a whole lot of good from an industry standpoint.
Luke Kissam: What I would tell you is and this is public data, that our potash coal pricing is put there before. So originally the bulk and there are some gradations of this but originally what’s been disclosed publically is that the original profit share was 70% - 30%. 70% Albermarle 30% and it’s being reduced to 60% - 40% in 2013.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so the lull that occurred in 2012 in the fourth quarter 2012, related to existing time price where they had produced all that they have requested for us to produce for the year and there was a lull in their demand in the fourth quarter or from the timing of the campaign. If you look at the first quarter, some of those contracts are still not up to previous levels and are expected to be for the later in 2013. So you will not see a pickup in 2013, first quarter versus fourth quarter 2012 in those specific businesses.
Luke Kissam: It might offset some of it but I would still say that, as I said it’s more second half. So they will likely be sequentially down in the first quarter, Steve.
Luke Kissam: Yes, it's hard to give the reference around that because we don't know when they're going to start up and it wasn't volume that was in 2012. So other than that, I can't really get into the details of what it is other than say it's a very large unit that's coming on line that we’re excited that our technology was slated and awarded that contract and we're looking forward to servicing, whether it comes online at the end of 2013 which we hope, which would give us a little kick that I've already figured in when I told you what I thought that volumes would be year-over-year and if it does a role in 2014 and we'll have the volumes in it.Steven Schwartz – First Analysis Corp.: Okay, but relative to your prior thinking, it sounds like it was more than 6000 tons, your prior thinking was. 
Luke Kissam: Yes, so whenever we talked about it I’ll you this project, whenever we originally got it, it was going to be first half of 2013 and now it’s third quarter and now it could slip into 2014. So it’s relative to our thinking at a point in time Steve and I'm not trying to be evasive in the answer but depending upon whatever we've talked in the second quarter or third quarter or fourth quarter, there was a different volume expectation that we have for 2013. And what I'm saying is, the most we're going to get on that is maybe a quarter, a volume and it could slide in 2014. So at a point of time, it was pretty significant, whenever we talked about step out but from where it is today, whether it's in the fourth quarter or whether it's in the first quarter, it's sizeable but it's still significant volume.
Scott Tozier: I think for the fourth quarter, as Luke mentioned, we were approaching what we had in 2011 fourth quarter. In fact if you just do, we are about 10% up in volume but that’s still only 90% of what we were in the first half of 2009. So very-very low volumes there, even though that year-over-year trend was favorable. Product line there, construction, wire and cable is the big driver here and construction, automotive, particularly in Europe, little bit here in the U.S.; so the drivers for that market. We are seeing a little bit of early quarter uptake right now. We think that’s mostly just inventory recovery out of customers as they burned off inventory in the fourth quarter of last year. So, but more to come, we are watching that area very carefully. As Luke mentioned, a highly competitive segment for us, and one that we will make sure we drive good profit. 
Scott Tozier: Yes, just to add to that, from an inventory levels we have been able to tighten up that inventory level a little bit. So going into 13, we shouldn't see it, we shouldn't clearly seek nearly the impact that we saw in 2012. It will be a small amount in the first half as the price of lanthanum has continued to drop. At the end of the year it was around $10 to $12. We’re forecasting it’s going to get down close to the $4/kg at the end of the year right now. So there's still some continued drop there. We'll see how that plays out. A lot of the dynamic between China, Mali Corp, Lynas in Malaysia, all those are playing out here and we will see what happens.
Scott Tozier: Well let me state it this way; on a year over year basis, on an adjusted EPS perspective mark-to-market will not have any impact next year; it'll be very-very small. Obviously there would be a mark-to-market actuarial adjustment based on gains and losses that we would recognize but that would be in our U.S. GAAP or fully reported numbers. Now if you compare our results versus how we traditionally accounted for pensions, it's roughly a $0.20, $0.19 to $0.20 improvement in that adjusted EPS number. So, if you look at 2012, it was a $0.19 improvement and we would expect something similar in 2013 and that's driven by removing or having previously recognized, restated out the amortization of deferred gains and losses and so that effect will slowly go down overtime as that amortization effect goes away.
Scott Tozier: Now versus the 45. So the 45 already has mark-to-market pension accounting in that. So the year over year impact in 2013 is flat, so there's no impact.
