Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. Albemarle finished strong in 2020. And we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2021. We will continue to execute our long term strategy. The successful completion of our Wave 2 projects and investment decisions on new expansion projects in lithium and bromine. We are also working with customers to reach commercial agreements for a majority of new capacity prior to investing. We will continue to maximize productivity with operational discipline across our businesses, including cost reduction, lean principles, continuous improvement and project execution excellence. We expect to achieve $75 million of productivity improvements in 2021. We will be disciplined stewards of capital investing in high return growth, maintaining our investment grade credit rating and supporting our dividend. Finally, we will continue to implement and improve sustainability across our company including setting near term goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at our existing operations and exploring science based target options for all three of our businesses. And with that, we'd like to open up the call for questions. So Joule, over to you.
Kent Masters: Yes. I think the order that we listed them, that's kind of our order. So we expect to see a China facility would be the first thing that we would move on. We're working on that, investigating it, doing planning around it now. But it's still at a point where it could be an acquisition. And then, an acquisition use in has some element of work to it before it really becomes an Albemarle facility, or a Greenfield plant. But we're working on that now. And we'd probably come to a FID on that late 2021, depending on whether it's an acquisition or a Greenfield.
Kent Masters: Morning, Chris. So relative to the demand question in the mix, it is weighted towards hydroxide. If you look at the market today, we see it being sort of a 30/70 split. And by the -- 30% hydroxide, that would bring that value. And if you look out to 2025. And there's going to be some error bars on this, of course. But it's about 60/40, 60% hydroxide. So the large part of the growth is in hydroxide high nickel chemistries. It's not to say there isn't growth in carbonate for more conventional technologies like LSP. But to enable the growth targets of the Western OEMs in particular, and the range they're looking for energy density is going to be hydroxide. And that's true even in 2021. The rate of growth we see for demand in 2021 is incrementally higher for hydroxide that it is for carbonate. And as you know, Albemarle is well-positioned no matter which way it goes. Because we have capacity coming on and we're doubling our capacity in both product lines. As we roll forward, look at Wave 3, the predominance of that is going to go towards hydroxide for the reasons I just referenced.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I'll start with that, and then maybe Eric gives some color. We're not sure. But I think for the industrial customers, I mean, the long term contracts are mostly in the EV market. So when we talk about our long term contracts, that's about the EV market less so on the industrial side. And I don't know, the leverage really has shifted, but it is changed the tone of the discussions. And it's -- we still sit with our long term prices above the spot market even with the moves that we've seen, but there's less pressure on those contracts. There's not that there's no pressure on those contracts, but there's -- I would say less pressure. If that trend continues, it will kind of move in the same direction. Eric, you want to top that off.
Kent Masters: Yes. So, I mean, the specs are evolving. And but I don't know the processing costs are really going up. So we're driving hard on productivity to try and drive those costs down. There are in some cases, some steps that we've modified in order to meet some of the specs around crystallization. I don't think it's driving the cost up at this point. But it's probably offsetting some of our productivity gains. But as it gets more sophisticated, but we get better at making it. A lot of that's about process control. We are looking at one step in the process that we have to add in, which would add a little bit of cost, but I think we would at a minimum we'd offset that with our productivity.
Kent Masters: Yes. So difficult to predict the future, but we kind of see it as kind of one customer took exception. And we're going to work pretty hard to gain their confidence and get that customer back. But they've kind of taken a different view at the moment.
Kent Masters: So I'll make a comment and Eric can add some color. But I mean, I think we see the same numbers that you're seeing around spot prices. So they have moved China spot prices. So we sell little-to-no volume in China on a spot basis. So it's not directly applicable, but it is indicative of the market. But we've not really seen prices change outside of China for the contract prices we haven't really seen. But as I'd said earlier, it lessens the pressure on our discussions with customers. So it's not as much downward pressure, as we had seen, say, second quarter, third quarter of last year, because of spot prices have turned up. But we'll just have to see how it plays out during the year. At the moment, the spot prices are still below our contract prices. So it's not like a sea change. If it continues to move, that could give us some upside. But at the moment those prices are still below our contract prices.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I would say I mean, we're predicting the future, right? And this industry is really only been through one down cycle, so we're coming off that. We don't anticipate that prices move back to the peaks that they were before, but we don't know that. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I mean, I guess our plans around the MARBL JV have evolved. But -- so the initial conversion is the Kemerton I/ II. And as we see it today, the second conversion facility and the second 50,000 would be in China. And that would be probably that first project that we were talking about in the Wave 3 projects.
Kent Masters: Well, I don't know about this year. So, we just have to see how we evolve as the Kemerton project comes on. And then we accelerate growth. I mean, Wodgina is on our plans for being a resource. It's a very good quality resource. So it's there. I don't know off the top -- and I don't want to commit to when we bring that resource on. But it would be as we start into these phase 3 projects, when we would need that-- need that resource.
Kent Masters: Yes. I think in terms of our view of the offshore oil market, I think it's muted slightly, things have changed a little bit. But we do see oil prices recovering, which we know with the lag time of six to nine months is going to be good for our business going forward. In terms of the U.S. expansion, it fits right along to the corporate strategy of accelerating lower capital intensity, higher return growth projects. Magnolia, for example, it's great jurisdiction for us. We've been there for decades. And we know those assets well. That really lends itself to investments that have a quicker return and a higher return. And those are the ones we'll leverage as we grow this business going forward.
Kent Masters: Yes. So, I mean, FCS and PCS, we're on the same track that we were. It's gone slower, COVID slowed us down. But we're -- I'd say, we're back on track, but they're not done yet. And as we said in the prepared remarks that we'll kind of let you know when we get closer or those deals to get signed. On catalysts, I mean, we still think that we're kind of the best owners for that business. We've been in that business for some time. We add value. We've taken a hit over COVID-19 and the miles driven being down and refinery utilization, and all of those issues. But we still think we like the strategy of kind of becoming no more in crude to chemicals moving toward Asia as we move. And we still like the products we have and the innovation we have in that business. We think we're the best owners of that business for today. So we don't have immediate plans around divestiture of catalysts. They are core part of our businesses. Three businesses we have in the portfolio are all core for us.
Kent Masters: So, Eric, if you want to look at the detail on that, I would think as we bring those plants on and ramp them up, we'd expect to be selling kind of half of each in the first year. That's fair. Yes. If you look at -- we have an example, Jeff, obviously, we in growth mode, we've done this one other time before as part of Wave 1, Wodgina II. And that plant came up a little north of 50%. But it was a Brownfield facility with much of the existing infrastructure in place from the acquisition we've made prior to that. Kemerton -- is Greenfield, considering that 50% feels reasonable. And the same with La Negra as well, for 2022.
Kent Masters: Yes. I don't think you're going to see much in 2021. I mean, we've got increased costs, because we're commissioning, bringing those on. And if we were to -- if we could accelerate and get a little bit of sales, it'd be offset by those costs. But I wouldn't be planning on benefit in 2021. And initial -- and initially is most likely will feel that -- the Kemerton from the initial phases with Talison product.
Kent Masters: That is correct. It will vary. Look, I can give you examples of some customers who want a fixed price, they want the stability. That today is a price is well above. We're not going to agree to that unless it's well above market. But that's one segment of the customer base. Another segment and a big chunk, want some variability to say that they're able to move with the marketplace relative to other -- their competitors or other sources of supply they buy. And as a result, those contracts will have that kind of market-based component to them, either collared or in part for their volume, or for a large part of their volume. The degree to which we give that flexibility also dictates how much of a commitment we make to them as well. The more spot-based a customer wants to be, the less likely we're going to commit to them long term, and use that as part of our justification for expansion. So there are some caveats there in our value proposition, but that's how we're approaching things. And all of this is going to allow us we believe, to really improve our overall mix on a price and profitability basis as the market price recovers.
Kent Masters: Yes. So on the transfer price, I mean, it's a kind of established market price that we were following Australian tax rules around that. And so it's a market -- I would say it's a market price, arm's length market transaction around that. And then the thermal evaporator, I mean, it was a return project that's driven by financials. But probably just as much around sustainability. So it allows us to operate without water or much less water than we were using before. And that's an area where water is tight. And then the cost of that -- I think the returns were good. I don't recall exactly what they were. I don't know that they were extraordinary. But the benefit was also around from a sustainability perspective as well.
Kent Masters: So I think the -- I mean, I can't speak for the industry. So part of as we see acceleration in EV adoption that's kind of what has moved us in this current pivot toward accelerating our growth plans. And the goal was that we kind of maintain our share in there. Eric, maybe you want talk about the capacity in 2025. I don't have that number in my head.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Joelle. In closing, Albemarle is well-positioned to capitalize on long term growth trends for all three of our core businesses. We have built the capabilities to accelerate low-capital intensity, higher-return growth. At the same time, we will continue to control what we can control. That means, first and foremost, focusing on the health and well being of our employees, customers and communities. It also means building operational discipline and sustainability into all aspects of our business including manufacturing, supply chain, capital project execution, and customer experience. We remain confident in our strategy and we will modify execution to position Albemarle for success. Thank you.
Eric Norris: Sure, Kent. David, I'd add that, we have a number of efforts already with existing customers, both in the U.S. and in Europe, who are very focused on investing in recycling capabilities. In some cases, in Europe, it's part of the EU battery directive. Those targets within the EU, for example, are still being set and being discussed. The industry is offering its views on technology as our way and when it will be ready. And as Kent pointed out, we're doing some novel process development and linking it into how we might run our conversion plants or adapt those plants and those designs for that capability. So it is early days. But Albemarle is really well-positioned with its customer base, and it's spread across the various cathode technologies and with our global footprint to really take advantage of that trend as it develops in the next decade.
Eric Norris: Good morning, Ben. This is Eric Norris. First in terms of the visibility, we see near term, which I think was your first question. We have two approaches we take, right? One is exactly what Kent described in the call, which is a macro to micro approach of modeling demand. And that has led us with some of the announcements you've referenced to increase our demand outlook on a macro basis. That -- a big part of that is what happens on the ground with our salespeople. Our strategy has been and will continue to be to use contracts to secure long term volumes. That requires a discussion with a customer to commit anywhere from three to five years. And a discussion that follows that into the details of what they are looking at from a specific chemistry, location and quantity point of view. So I'd characterize our visibility is quite reasonable and good in that regard, giving us the certainty we need to expand and positioning us well in the market to grow with the additional resources we have. Maybe you could repeat your second question.
Eric Norris: The only thing I would add Kent and Chris is that these contracts, you've characterized them, Kent, as if or Chris, as if they have been perpetually negotiated and that they may be one size fits all, that's the change. We did make an adjustment, a concession as the market pricing collapsed a year ago. And now, we're moving into restructuring these contracts based on customer needs. And there are going to be some that are going to look like spot. And that's going to be, as Kent pointed out, some of those contracts in the TG area and perhaps in the China market. There's others are going to be like the old variety, but the vast majority is going to be variable based pricing that reflects some market index, global index, not necessarily just China. And that's positioning us well as we go into an improving market from a price standpoint to benefit from a growth standpoint.
Eric Norris: And I would add to that. That mean those productivity improvements, that mean, they flow through, it's much more difficult to get them in flat volumes. As we get volume growth, those really start to show up. But there'll be new facilities, which will then kind of redo the playbook on productivity again. But I think as volume grows, those really show up more.
Eric Norris: And so I'd add to that. The prices in China that you're seeing are largely carbonate, and have largely inflected in the past two months. It's a bit early. It's an encouraging sign, but a bit early to extrapolate that to the world. And as Kent pointed out, our business is biased to more world, or ex China prices and in China prices. And most of our outlook is around carbonate and TG products, not around necessarily battery grade hydroxide, which is relatively flat in its outlook. So it's an encouraging sign. And the way we've got our contracts structured, should it continue broaden and deepen over time that trend, then we're in extremely good position to benefit from that going forward. And we'll just continue to watch it. I would say it's a matter of from where we are today. It's not a matter of if prices inflect -- inflect upwards, broadly, it's just a matter of when. And 2021 is a transition year. I think as we go forward in the future years is going to get pretty tight.
Eric Norris: Yes. On spodumene, we are -- because of what's happened in China, what's really -- the reason we believe prices have spikes in China is a fundamental shortage now -- available carbonate inventory and available spodumene supply and inventory. So what's that meant is now prices have started to inflect upward for chemical grades spodumene, which should that trend continue, will provide more supply into that market to meet that need. What that all means from a future standpoint, as Kent said, the calculus too hard to say, given the maturity of this market, and we'll continue to watch.
Eric Norris: Well what -- recall what we had -- what we've done. Our strategy has been to migrate these contracts to benefit from the recovering market price. What we have -- we have converted of several of them over and struck new ones based upon a market reference price, either and all or a part, it depends on the customer. And we are -- we'll do the remainder of this year going forward. So that's our strategy. Our strategy to take advantage of the inflection of price, not to go back to a fixed price in the past, necessarily, although there are some customers who are asking for that, right? So it's not a one-size-fits-all answer. But the aim is to benefit from a recovering market in prices, in terms of how we structure those contracts.
Eric Norris: Well, I think a rule of thumb way to think about our capacity growth, and the plans that we put forth for Wave 3 and for Wave 4 to sustain our leadership and grow with the market. It's going to be hydroxide weighted the growth. We already comment on that earlier, in an earlier question. And it's going to require as you get on the middle part of the decade us to bringing at least 50,000 tons to market a year of hydroxide. And that is what that plan. If you look at the details would enable into the middle of a decade and beyond. So approximately speaking, you're talking about 150,000 tons of growth a year in the market price, or in that neighborhood, Mike and are bringing on 50,000. That's the kind of pace we're looking at.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Ben, this is Scott. I'll take that question. So as you look into 2022, the volumetric growth coming from lithium with the startup of La Negra III and IV and Kemerton I and II is clearly the highlight for that year. However, we do see continued recovery in refining catalysts as transportation fuels, and refinery utilization continues to improve. And potentially some additional growth in bromine, as some of those early growth projects come to fruition, and we're able to place that into the market. So, I think we're well-positioned going into 2022 to see very meaningful and high return growth in that year.
Scott Tozier: Yes. This is Scott. I would I would point to. There is volume growth in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. But also we're seeing the results of our productivity actions from a cost perspective. And so, that's been a big focus that we started in 2019 as we're trying to maximize the productivity, and not only have the world-class resources that give us low costs, but also have low cost operations. And we're seeing the benefits of that very clearly in the fourth quarter. And we'll see benefit of that in 2021 as well, both on the cost basis, but also we're seeing some volumetric growth just from the yield enhancements and improvements that the engineers are able to get out of our plants. So all pointing in the right direction for us.
Scott Tozier: Yes. So well, I would say the short answer on that is that with in our original agreement that we would do two of the 50,000 tons, and then the next one we expect to do would be the one in China. And that's part of the JV. So we -- the JV was done cause one, to get the resource for the Wodgina mine, we have that. And also their expertise in mining to help us on that side, because we're more chemical processing expertise on our side, and they bring the expertise on the mining side. So that's kind of the logic behind overall. And that's part of the original deal that we did with them. So we're committed to doing another project, other conversion project with them.
