David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted to our website under the Investors Section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during the conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes and commitments, as well as lithium demand may constitute forward looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Chris, we are now ready to open the lines of Q&A. But before doing so, I'd like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then, feel free to jump back in the queue for follow-up if time allows. Please proceed.
David Ryan - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. We'd like to thank everyone for participation in today's conference. We appreciate your time. And this concludes Albemarle's third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. We apologize for the little snafu at the very beginning. Apparently, you could hear us, but we couldn't hear the operator; so, we apologize and hope we got that fixed. Turning to the third quarter, in the third quarter, our revenue grew $50 million, or 7%, and adjusted EBITDA grew by $36 million, or 18%, compared to the third quarter of 2017 excluding divested businesses. This marks our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. During the third quarter, Bromine Specialties and Catalysts both reported pro forma adjusted EBITDA growth over last year. In Lithium, third quarter pricing increased year-on-year as expected; however, unexpected outages at three of our manufacturing sites during the quarter caused volume shortfalls, which resulted in our not being able to meet the sales commitments in the quarter. These issues were one-time in nature and have been addressed. All of our Lithium facilities are now running at forecasted production rates. In addition, our Lithium capital projects remain on track. We completed the tie-ins at La Negra II and expect to operate that unit at full rates in 2019. La Negra III and IV, which is a 40,000 met ton carbonate expansion, is progressing as planned towards commissioning during 2020. Earlier this year, we commissioned an expansion of our evaporation system in the Salar de Atacama, enlarging our evaporation pond capacity by 60%. Additional ponds of more than 450 acres are on schedule for completion in early 2019. This expanded pond system will provide sufficient feedstock for all of our carbonate production facilities in Chile. In China, we have completed all pre-commissioning activities at Xinyu II and are now transitioning that unit over to operations. We have begun startup activities and we'll be in this phase over the next few months. We expect significant hydroxide volumes from this unit in 2019. With respect to the Kemerton Lithium Hydroxide facility, we are on track to obtain all necessary approvals to begin earthwork at the site in December. Now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. I want to spend a minute, provide more detail on our long-term lithium supply agreements with major cathode and battery producers. Pages 12 and 13 in our earnings presentation, which was posted online last evening, provides a snapshot of where we stand as of today on secured volumes for the calendar years 2021 and 2025, and the volumes that are still the subject of active discussions with third parties. In summary, we are right on schedule for 2021 commitments and well ahead of schedule on 2025 volume commitments. As you can see for 2021, we are already at our goal of having 80% or so of our volume secured and are in negotiations for volumes well in excess of our targeted Wave I nameplate production capacities of 85,000 metric tons of carbonate and 80,000 metric tons of hydroxide. These charts also show the acceleration in our customers' demand for the battery grade lithium hydroxide over that period. For lithium hydroxide, more than 60,000 metric tons are secured for 2021. Approximately 60,000 metric tons of committed minimum volumes are contracted for 2025, with an additional 20,000 or so metric tons contracted as right of first refusal or option volumes. In addition, for 2025, we're in negotiations for another 80,000 to 90,000 metric tons of hydroxide volume. For lithium carbonate, more than 70,000 metric tons is secured for 2021 through our supply agreements and our internal needs, which feed production of our specialty products and hydroxide at Kings Mountain. As we look out to 2025, we have carbonate volumes under supply agreements and for our forecasted internal needs of around 40,000 metric tons, with another 60,000 to 80,000 metric tons the subject of ongoing negotiations. Given the demand from existing customers and from cathode and battery producers who are not customers today, we are very confident that the 2025 committed volume will increase significantly over the next few quarters. It is important to note that the average sales price for the committed minimum volumes of carbonate and hydroxide volume under the supply agreements in 2021 and 2025 are equal to or greater than the average 2018 sales price with opportunities for price increases. Given this outlook demand, as shown on page 15 of our earnings presentation, we are adjusting our capital project planning accordingly. While the 40,000 metric ton carbonate expansion at La Negra is still on track to allow us to begin commissioning in 2020, we have stopped all engineering work on any further carbonate expansions in Chile at this time. We're going to put it on the shelf and continue to monitor our customers' needs and the needs for the market. We previously disclosed that Kemerton would have an initial capacity of 40,000 metric tons with an ability to expand to 100,000 metric tons over time. We now expect to accelerate a portion of that additional capacity to add another production line at Kemerton, which would increase the initial nameplate capacity to at least 60,000 metric tons of hydroxide. The commissioning of the Kemerton site is expected to start in stages during the course of 2021. We do not expect any meaningful change in our CapEx spending over this period as a result of this change. As we have previously indicated, we will build out capacity to match the needs of our customers and these announced modifications are consistent with that strategy. Now there have been questions raised in the press about our authorizations in Chile, so let me try to clarify the matter. As you can see on page 16 of our earnings presentations, we have the operating permit for pumping brine from the Chile Environmental Superintendent, the production quota from CORFO and the sales quota from CCHEN to allow for the production and sale of at least 80,000 metric tons LCEs annually through 2043. In addition, as we have previously disclosed, we are in the engineering and development phase of a project that we believe will increase the overall lithium yield from our operations in the Salar. If successful, and we have seen no data to indicate that it won't be, the project would allow us to produce more lithium from the same amount of brine that we pump today or allow us to produce the same amount of lithium from less brine. In either case, it would be a more efficient and more sustainable process. In conclusion, we believe we have positioned the company for another year of exceptional growth supported by our long-term strategic initiatives. Our 2019 planning process is well underway and, while it's too early to provide specific guidance, we believe 2019 will deliver another strong year of growth. We remain committed to and confident in our strategy and in our ability to execute that strategy in a way that should drive significant shareholder value well into the foreseeable future.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. This is Luke. From a remediation standpoint on the cost, it'll be minimal and you won't see it in our numbers, and you won't see it in our capital. It'd be a rounding error, first of all. Second of all, I can't comment on what might have happened as it relates to other tollers. We do know some of our tollers were also unable to produce, so I don't think it was just targeted at Xinyu. But I do view it, from our standpoint, as a one-time thing – one-time event. We've reached agreement on everything that needs to be done with the authorities and are well underway of getting that taken care of. So, we viewed it as a one-time event, and it will be just pure speculation for us to say anything about what would happen in the future or for third parties.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, the pricing terms would be consistent. If you look, we have the ability to supply if we do, but we're not required to supply. So, we're going to sell at a price that's commiserate with what we think the market should deserve, or we won't sell it.
Luke C. Kissam: It's more in line with the price committed in those minimum volume projects because that's what we put in to look at what the capital return should be for those projects and we're going to be disciplined in our approach that we take for pricing; so, that's what it's set for.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. There's no conflict at all with the EPA. We've got a permit. We're operating within our permit. There's been – with CORFO, it's been very public of what that confusion is. It's a matter of what price needs to be offered to any third party who would build a cathode facility in Chile. There's a dispute. They've said they want to arbitrate that dispute, but to-date no arbitration has yet been filed. So we believe very strongly in our position. We think it's clear. It's a public document in Chile, so I'd invite you to look at that document and read the language. We think it's quite clear and we're very confident in our position. With respect to CCHEN, there is nothing at issue relative to the 2017 authorization. That is not at issue. It is not at issue our ability to be able to sell the 80,000 met tons or so, annually. What we did is, in March of 2018, CORFO signed an amendment to the agreement with us that essentially said, if we elect to build Chile V and VI, they would extend our production quota from around 80,000 met tons a year to around 140,000 met tons a year. But at the same time, we applied for CCHEN to ensure that the ability to sell was also reflective of what we could produce. We can – we – to build V and VI, we have to have yield improvement from lithium out of the Salar, or we won't have enough brine coming out of the ground to be able to do that. So all that they've done is come back and said we're not willing to approve that additional sale today until we understand where you are in the yield improvement process. So from our perspective, there is nothing at issue that restricts in any way our ability to sell at least 80,000 met tons, which is our Wave I nameplate through 2043. And it's not even issue for anything unless we elect to build V and VI, and we've just told you today that we're putting that on the shelf to understand what happens with the marketplace and what our customers need. So I hope that clarifies it. I'm sorry it's so confusing, but that's how the regulatory system works down there. And hopefully this helps you out.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, I think it's a stretch to say that. What's changing is we're seeing a significant acceleration in demand of lithium hydroxide. And so, we need to address that, and we need to be focused on what we're going to do. We've always said that we are going to invest capital to meet the needs of our customers. And if you look at the charts that we've put in there, you see what we're talking about, about hydroxide demand and what we're talking about, about carbonate demand. It's clear we need to focus on lithium hydroxide, have the focus there, and that's why we're doing it.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. If you look at from a pricing standpoint, my position is if you look at 2021 and 2025, what you see on that page is the bear case.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I don't see that in – that would be pure speculation on our part. So what we're assuming is everybody is going to be back up and running just like we are.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, there have been previously announced – what we're going to do with Talison. And if Talison goes through with those expansions, which we fully expect it to do, we'll have sufficient rock to meet almost all of that 135,000 metric tons that we would have in China and in Kemerton. And if not, we can get it on the open market. We'll be able to buy rock on the open market, so I'm less worried about that. We've always said we'd like to have a little bit more conversion capacity for hard rock than we actually had hard rock to feed it, which would give us some benefit there to flex up. So, all consistent with the strategy we talked about before, and very confident in our ability not only from Talison, but if we have to supplement a little bit from outside parties, we'd be able to do that. So we've got all the agreements we need and everybody is aligned on what we need to do to be able to supply our customers.
Luke C. Kissam: So, Colin, if I could just add on that – add to what he's saying, that's another reason why our long-term strategy is that we're going to have these long-term agreements, because we need to understand where the demand is either from a carbonate, from a hydroxide, from a metal or from what's next from our customers in time so that we can invest in and expand capacity, move capacity, whatever the right thing is to be able to address the needs of our customers in the market. And the customers – the big customers understand that and they're on board with that approach. So we feel good about it.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, if you look on page 12 and 13 of our earnings deck presentation that we laid out yesterday, we tried to give a view of what that was, both from a carbonate standpoint as well as a hydroxide standpoint in both 2021 and 2025. The other thing I'd add is on 2021, we put nameplate of the units on there of our collective production capacities, because that is what's public. It's not realistic to believe in any of these sites that we'll be operating at nameplate from actual production capacity in 2021. We're going to ramp-up over time. And as we've seen with La Negra II, as we've seen with other things coming, you're not going to start it up on day one and be able to operate at nameplate capacity. So that's not an indication that that's the volume we're going to produce in that year, but we wanted to be consistent with what we told the Street previously to give you a benchmark. So, as I sit and look at it, we have much more opportunity than today we believe we will have the production capacity. So I feel excellent, looking even out in 2025, which is seven years away, to be able to confidently say we're going to be well above our goal of 80% subject to minimum volume contracts.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, so I mean, you can do math as easy as I can. If you take the numbers that Scott read, you can get to an average number, but that's a combination of carbonate, hydroxide, technical grade. It's a combination of customers. So I just don't think – there's not one price. You're not selling the commodity that's trading on some exchange. It's different, but that's how the math works.
Luke C. Kissam: But what we've always said is 2019 will be more about volume than it'll be about price. And if you look at what we're bringing online with La Negra II being wide open, starting up Xinyu II operations, I certainly would expect we'd see significant volume growth year-over-year. And I think that whenever we get around to doing the number, it's going to be more about volume growth than it is pricing. But as we've said, pricing, I don't expect any downturn in pricing. I expect a slight tailwind in pricing, but you'd also see significant tailwind on volume.
Luke C. Kissam: It's CCHEN don't have to do anything, first of all. So we're asking them to do something they're not required to do and all they want to see is some proof that it's going to work before they give it to us. That's it. It is not a big deal. Okay. It's not a big deal. If we build – we only need it if we build V and VI. So in due time, all the data that we're working on when we get approval for that yield improvement project, we'll sit down with CCHEN. And if we build V and VI, I'm confident we'll have the ability to sell it.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. What you're doing is you're missing some of the tolling. Some of that 3 that we talked about was related to tolling. We're a little – we're going to be south of 10,000 metric tons from our actual production, but part of that is not all of the 3 because some of that 3 was tolling.
Luke C. Kissam: We've not publicly updated our demand model. I will say that there have been some other models that are coming around that would push that up a little bit. The demand that we're seeing from our customers is certainly consistent with that demand model that we've put out there. So, still feeling more confident in that model that we put out, but not any real significant change that I would talk about today.
Eric W. Norris: This is Eric, but I'm having a hard time understanding you. Could you repeat the question, please? It is regarding pricing, I understand, but I could hear over the phone line.
Eric W. Norris: It's actually right on our expectation. We had forecasted at the beginning of the year a high-single-digit increase, overall, for the year. And given the year-on-year comparison in that, during 2017, prices were gradually increasing through that year, we see double-digit comparison in the first half of the year dropping to less than the average for the year into the mid-single-digits for an average of high-single-digit price increase year-on-year. So it is on our expectation.
Eric W. Norris: Hi, Arun. This is Eric. So the short answer is, we haven't seen any (30:54) There might be some softening in demand. There hasn't been any we've seen, both in China and throughout Asia, where the bulk of our customer base is for the energy storage market, continued strong demand with, as Luke referenced earlier, a bias as we go forward towards hydroxide versus carbonate. From a specific automotive production standpoint with 1.3 billion electric vehicles thus far this year, which given the pace of growth, we expect to actually, excuse me, million, which we expect to increase further into Q4. So I think we aren't seeing anything negative from a macro standpoint from EV growth or demand for product.
Eric W. Norris: Yes, Arun. So it isn't materially different than what we've described before, right. There is a range of contracts, so that it's hard to speak to it being completely uniform, but in general, they all have a provision by which there's a floor price and that there's an opportunity, and it depends on the contract in terms of its frequency or timing, for Albemarle to invite, ask for an increase in the price at a point in time. And at that point in time, the party, counterparty, the customer has an opportunity to, if they so desire, to shop that volume. But there is a floor that is put in there for us that gives us security, that Luke has discussed, for return on investment. And that floor today is, as we strike these new contracts, is no less than 2018 price, right. So that's the confidence that we have in the contracts we have in terms of supply going forward.
Eric W. Norris: Yeah. So this Eric, Josh. So from quarter-to-quarter, pricing was relatively flat. Depends by customer; there was no downward pressure. It was probably upward once you factor in mix. When you look at the roll-up, it probably was more flattish, overall, quarter-to-quarter.
Eric W. Norris: Yeah. So, Colin, this is Eric. So first, to address what the customers are telling us, I mean, we – as Luke – just to reiterate what Luke said earlier, we are seeing decidedly a stronger push as they'd shared their long-term outlook for us from a consumption standpoint towards hydroxide. And that is symptomatic of going towards higher nickel chemistries. And so, that means moving closer to the 622 sorts of chemistries. There's been some speculation in the market that 811 is around the corner. I think that there's still some technical challenges to get there. And so, we still see that not necessarily being within the next couple of years; I think a few years or more off versus today. At a more technical level, there continue to be efforts to think through how to get more incremental capacity out of a battery cell by looking at pre-lithiation technologies or novel anode configurations, which would involve some – potentially, some lithium metal doping. And this is a sort of an incremental trend. It's not going to move the needle in 2018 or 2019 volume for us, but it is representative of that technology trend you're talking about and in a period of 5 to 10 years could result in more significant demand on the metal side. We just have to watch that very carefully.
Eric W. Norris: Yeah. This is Eric. There's clearly a mix of different products that are in there. As you know, we don't disclose because it does vary widely by product. We don't get into details disclosing price, because there is no one price there.
Eric W. Norris: I'm sorry. You had a second question on 2019. Yeah. It's too early to get into 2019. We believe, what we have said before, is that increases would be more of an inflationary type basis as we're going forward in the future years and that seems representative of what we can expect based upon contracts, but we haven't given you a revised outlook for 2019, yet. We'll do that in a number of months and get more precise at that time.
Eric W. Norris: And I think it's also important to note, because I just want to make sure this is clear, in our spending, capital spending guidance, there's spending for that yield technology. That continues onwards. As Luke said in his prepared remarks, the way you can think about that is providing buffer in the event that ultimately we do proceed with V and VI, or choose to proceed with that, or whether that's used to further enrich the quality of the brine we have to feed La Negra I through IV. So it is in our spending going forward, but V, VI is on hold.
Eric W. Norris: So, Mike, this is Eric. I think it's just – I think the way you need to look at this is standards are going up. So, that's why you see people getting caught with these sort of unexpected outages. In our case, we have a – had underway for some – since we've owned these assets a plan to address them. A good number of the improvements that we aim to make to make it a more sustainable operation going forward are connected to the bringing on of Xinyu II, sort of the site wide sort of infrastructures going on. As Luke said, the authorities clearly understand what we're up to and kind of how we're going to address that. They are very anxious to see lithium production increase and this is a country that, as you know, really wants to see as much domestic lithium production as possible. So, I think it is a one-time sort of change in expectations and, in our case, it's associated with a longer path of addressing things that will be more complete – or complete with – vis-à-vis the remediation plan we have with the government by the time we bring Xinyu II fully online.
Scott A. Tozier: So, this is Scott. I mean, overall, we've got two big movers in terms of the fourth quarter. So, of course, Lithium is on a big volume ramp. That's been expected throughout the year. Of course, with the third quarter outages, we had a pause there. We are fully back online. The cap projects that we have coming online are coming online to schedule. So, barring some other unexpected or black swan type of an event, I think we're well on track for Lithium. The other one is Catalysts. Similar to 2017, the Catalysts business has another large fourth quarter, much of that being driven by the volume in the CFT, or clean fuels technology, hydroprocessing catalysts business. We have pretty good line of sight to those projects right now, and again, barring any other change in our customers with the downtime that they take to put this catalyst in, well we feel confident in that Catalysts fourth quarter as well. So those are the big major drivers for the fourth quarter growth. And again, we feel good about where we are right now.
Scott A. Tozier: And, Arun, I would just add, I think if you look at total automotive production in China, there is a softening overall. However, it is concentrated in the internal combustion engines, not in electric vehicles, as Eric has talked about. So we don't see it in our business.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. I don't think we'll see, I mean, other than labor costs, which I'll exclude, but if you look at raw materials, I think we're fine in Lithium. The other businesses, Bromine is going to be driven primarily by oil derivatives, so depends on what happens with oil. If oil prices continue to move up, we're going to see pressure there and we'll need to work on the market appropriately. In Catalysts, it tends to focus more on the metals, and so commodity-based metals, so think about nickel, molybdenum, those kind of products. So again, I think it will depend on what's happening. We've seen kind of a mixed story in 2018, both with oil prices and commodity metal prices. So hard to predict right now in the market that we're playing in, but our business and the chemical industry, overall, do not drive those prices. Obviously, it's other macro market drivers that push it. We just need to react to it. So we know how to do that. We'll react appropriately and make sure we protect our margins.
Scott A. Tozier: No. I think it's really just the mix of our portfolio and what – where we're spending at this point. So I don't think that – I wouldn't draw any conclusions from it. Some of it is going to be foreign exchange, but at the end of the day, it's just the mix of our projects and the portfolio across the company.
Scott A. Tozier: No. I think – I mean, at the end of the day we had some cost improvements that we're starting to see in the third quarter that were not affected by the outages. So, again, some of it comes down to mix of product as well, so as Luke said, we had some portion of that outage was tolling. As we said previously, tolling is a quite a low margin versus our internally produced volume as well. So that has a bit of an averaging impact on us as well. So we feel good where that margin came in for the quarter.
