Luke Kissam: Hey. Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everybody. I'm very pleased with our second quarter results as we continued strong year-on-year growth, while meeting important milestone toward our long-term growth strategy. Excluding divested businesses and negative currency exchange impacts, revenue grew by $85 million or 13%, adjusted EBITDA grew by $29 million or 15% and adjusted earnings per share grew by $0.20 or 21% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Overall company adjusted EBITDA margins were 30%, a year-on-year increase of 77 basis points, and our three reported segments delivered improved adjusted EBITDA margins of 35%. Results were driven by strong volume and pricing growth in lithium while Refining Solutions, Bromine Specialties and TCF performed about as anticipated. The long-term secular growth trend in lithium continues to strengthen as evidenced by increasing targets across the automotive industry and the global effort for governments to support this transition to electric vehicles. The recent announcement by Volvo that they plan to make only fully electric and hybrid cars from 2019 onwards and the introduction of regulations in France and the UK to ban the sale of gasoline and diesel cars by 2040 are just a few recent examples. To support the contracted demand of our customers, we are committed to execute several expansion projects that are expected to increase Albemarle's global lithium derivative capacity to 165,000 metric tons on an LTE basis by the end of 2021, which we refer to as our wave 1 expansion. Talison is expanding its mine in Greenbushes and Albemarle is expanding the Salar brine operations in the Salar de Atacama, and maintaining current capacity in Silver Peak to produce the ore and brine concentrate volume to feed this wave 1 expansion. Additional exploration efforts are ongoing in Chile, Argentina, the U.S. and in other regions of the world, with the goal to develop new lithium hard rock and brine reserves to be used for capacity expansion past 2021. We expect to announce more about those results on those efforts during 2018. Along with our mining expansions, we have several large-scale lithium battery-grade derivative projects in various stages of completion. La Negra 2 is meeting battery grade specifications today and is in the process of ramping up to its 20,000 metric ton nameplate capacity based upon our planned brine ramp up in the Salar de Atacama. La Negra 3, which will expand the total lithium carbonate derivative capacity in Chile to over 80,000 metric tons is fully underway, and we can report the following progress. The Chilean authorities have approved the permits related to the project, contracts have been awarded for the major engineer units and equipment; construction leadership has mobilized with approximately 1,000 workers expected to be on the sites before the end of 2017. The combination of our La Negra and Silver Peak sites will yield at least 85,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate capacity by the end of 2021. In China, the Xinyu expansion will convert Greenbushes spodumene to 20,000 metric tons of LCE of lithium hydroxide, giving us a total of 35,000 metric tons of conversion capacity in China. This expansion is expected to start up in 2018, and we can report the following progress: The construction of the first of the front half of the plan is completed. All environmental permits have been granted and all long lead time equipment has been ordered. Finally, at the last step of our Wave 1 expansions, we expect to complete the addition of another 40,000 metric tons of LCE spodumene conversion capacity by the end of 2021. I am very confident that we are on pace these to meet our targeted completion dates on these projects in a way that allows us to meet the contracted demand of these products for our customers. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Luke Kissam: Thanks, Scott. Up first half in position: 2017 is another outstanding year for Albemarle. The Lithium business performed very well in the first half of 2017. We remain on track with our aggressive capital and exploration projects in lithium, and are meeting the demand needs of our customers today. Bromine Specialties, PCS and Refining Solutions performed as anticipated. In addition, we returned $320 million to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends in the first half of 2017, and net debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains a very healthy 0.9. As we look to the second half of 2017, in Bromine Specialties, favorable market trends in flame retardants appear to be continuing and our plants continue to run very well. We expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid- to high-single digits on a percentage basis. In Refining Solutions, we expect on improved second half, with the fourth quarter forecasted to be much stronger than the third due to the timing of some larger CFT orders. As always with CFT, there is some risk related to orders slipping from one quarter to the next. In FCC, we continue to see strong demand in North America, driven by Tier 3 gasoline standards and the success of our action technology in that application. Finally, lithium continues on the path for full-year adjusted EBITDA growth of more than 35% versus 2016, with the third and fourth quarters expected to be similar to the first quarter of 2017. For the second half, we expect EPS in the third quarter to look similar to that in the first, and EPS the fourth quarter to be higher, driven largely by the timing of the orders in Refining Solutions. Based on the strong first-half results and our expectations for continued business strength in the rest of 2017, we are reaffirming our 2017 full year guidance for net sales of $2.9 billion to $3.05 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $835 million to $875 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $4.20 to $4.40 per share. In closing, I am pleased with our overall execution in the first half of this year and with the progress the teams have made in our capital and exploration projects in our lithium business. We remain very focused on meeting the needs of our customers and execution of our strategy, which we expect to deliver significant value to our shareholders over time.
Luke Kissam: Sure. I mean, from an adjusted perspective, we're taking inventory revaluation out of context, out of the number. So it really does not affect our adjusted EBITDA at all. If you look at our U.S. GAAP basis, the valuation related to our Chinese acquisition at the end of 2016, when you do an acquisition, you have to mark up the inventory that's being purchased to market value, and that flows through your results until that was out of them. So that's really what that relates to.
Luke Kissam: One thing I'll add on that is when you look at it in a full year basis. I know you've got it to look at it quarters and a half years and all that. When you look at it on a full year basis, we are right on track. We're doing exactly what we anticipated, the numbers may be moving around a little bit for the quarter. But for the full year, we feel great about where we are in Lithium. The exploration projects and really, all of our businesses, firing on all cylinders right now.
Luke Kissam: What I think that for every -- as we've said, if you look at our balance sheet, our balance sheet is in very good shape. If you look at the acquisitions we've done, I think we've demonstrated the ability to integrate those businesses and get a return on the capital that we've invested in those businesses to drive long-term shareholder returns. And where there is an opportunity for us to acquire assets, be they a technology or a reserve or an operating assets, that allow us to de-risk and strengthen our strategy, we're certainly interested in doing it.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I can't comment anything more than what you've already read publicly about what the competitors may be doing. I think John can give you a pretty good view of our view of the supply and demand balance.
Luke Kissam: No, it's early to talk about 2018, but I wouldn't think that would be the guidance. I'd be very disappointed if that were our guidance for the full year, that run rate. Remember, we're talking about adding 10,000 metric tons a year. So we'll obviously have significant more volume in the second half in 2018, from a brine standpoint, we'll have more brine available, we'll be running La Negra, produce higher volumes out of that. So we still remain on track. We said our goal was to get 10,000 metric tons of additional volume in 2017 and 2018, and we believe we'll still be able to do that. So you shouldn't look at the second half of 2017 as a run rate from an EBITDA perspective, not at all.
Luke Kissam: Yes, David, this is Luke. There's still a lot of noise out there about whether or not we're meeting our customers needs, or we declare force majeure. First of all, we have not declared force majeure. Second of all, every commitment that our customer has made to us, we fulfill that commitment. And we've seen no reason we won't be able to do that for the remainder of the year. The customers that are committed to us, we are going to meet their supply demands.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob. There's one thing I will say, I think this is accurate, although it may be anecdotal, we're seeing in Lithium, particularly in the battery space, more interest in the OEMs having discussions to make sure they understand the supply side of the business, maybe more so than we did in some of our other businesses. So we're having those conversations because it's always good. But right now, the supply chain over the next 2 years, at least, we see more in line with where we are today.
Luke Kissam: Yes, Bob. This is Luke. I don't want to talk about what pricing is going to be in '18 and '19. What I will say is that we pretty clearly articulated what our strategy was. Where we want to ensure that we're getting value today as well as long-term sustainable value for this business going forward, and I don't see anything that's going to change that strategy. We have big volume customers, the bigger the volume as a general rule, the lower the price. It's how we've operated and we're going to continue to look towards our margins in that 40% range. We believe we'll be able to keep that and where it makes sense to take pricing actions, we will. But we are focused on this short and long term, I don't see that strategy changing so long as the market dynamics that we see proceed as we expect.
Luke Kissam: Yes, we're not planning any increase in FCS in the second half. We'll look to see what happens in '18. I mean, Dmitry, those are long-term contracts that you've got to go out and get commitments for and then roll into. So I'm not expecting to see anything that's going to move the needle from a profitability standpoint in '17 -- in the rest of '17 or in '18. But they do take steps to continue to improve that business. We need to rebuild that business before we talk about any type of looking at any type of strategic options for it right now, Dmitry.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think it's always an issue. It's hard to tell, but I think we highlight for the fact that there's a lot built into the fourth quarter and it can slide into the first quarter. It depends on what happens with a capital budgets of the refiners, where they are and what that need is. I think there's a risk it could slide into the first quarter of next year, more so than being pulled forward.
Luke Kissam: Yes, their ramping up all over. I don't know how else to say it. We started in the first half of the year. So we've got exploration work ongoing in numerous spots in the United States. We've got exploration in Argentina as we've talked about, we've got an option for rights in the Catamarca region there, that are very promising. We're also doing work in the Salar, in other areas of Chile as well as work being done in Australia, at our Talison facility. So we are ramping up everywhere. What's important for us is also to understand the quality of the reserves and to quantify the quality of those reserves by sometime in the first half of next year. So we can put some priorities and decisions and capital plans going forward. It just takes a long time to bring those types of resources online. Some would obviously be quicker than others but in the first half, first 9 months of 2018, we need to be making some decisions, and we'll update you when we know what we're going to do.
Luke Kissam: I'm not sure it's more competitive. I'll let Sylvia talk about how competitive they are. If you look at the margin pressure, what happens is if you look across the industry, the max propylene is probably the highest value because it gives the highest upgrade to the refinery, so they get more value out of that. Whenever you're in a unit that is a max propylene unit and then a customer trial comes in for that unit, you drop down to a VGO or some other level, you're going to get margin pressure on that. So that's really what's causing the pressure that we're seeing on margins in the second quarter and FCC. But with regard to the competitive nature of the trials, I'll turn you over to Silvio.
Luke Kissam: Yes, let me take the GAM injunction. GAM and Talison operate right there together. They have the Tantalum mines, I think, John, isn't that right? And Talison is operated from years. There's historically been some back and forth between the two companies. There's been discussions in the past. This is just an escalation of that. It's really kind of business as usual and we feel very confident in Talison's position as do our partners and we are united in that we will vigorously defend this and it won't have a material impact on the plans that we have for Talison going forward. With that, bromine question, I'll turn that over to Rafael.
Luke Kissam: Yes, and this is Luke. Let me take that one. It's a little too early to talk about 2018. What we've said, I think in the past, is we expect to see low to mid-single-digit kind of growth and right now, what I would do is given where oil prices are and that the impact can have on HPC I think it's probably toward the lower to mid single-digit, that would be below 5%. So that's how I would look at it right now. Haven't seen the AOP roll up yet, but that will be my anticipation.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so far we obviously, watched the euro continue to strengthen as well as some other currencies, but primarily, euro for us. As you look at our range, we anticipated that the euro could strengthen. It's certainly not something that we bank on, not being FX traders at all. But at the end of the day, it's certainly in our range. So if the euro were to stay at the high end of where it is today, you should expect our guidance to be at the higher end of the range versus where we are at the midpoint. So but let's see how the year ends up because it certainly could go back the other direction between now and year-end. So right now, it's certainly looked at as part of what are, in our range.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think there's a whole lot of give and takes in that. So what we've always said is that we expect margins to maintain in that 40% range, maybe a little bit higher, 1 quarter. But if we get a mix of customers, maybe a little bit lower than other customer, maybe a little bit lower than other customers. And that's what I continue to model it. I wouldn't get margin creeping there. We've got additional cost that we'll have next year, and so because we'll have more exploration work. We'll have more work that will hit the P&L with regard to the early work on those new resources that we're bringing in and then we'll have the higher volume to offset that. So when we say kind of in that range of 40%, we mean that for the long term.
John Mitchell: And the only thing I would add is that did give us some additional volume in Lithium in the second quarter because of the amount of inventory that we acquired in the transaction.
John Mitchell: Yes, this is John. So in the second half, we're going to have a product mix and also a customer mix that is going to lead to a slightly lower average sales price, as well as we have been ramping up exploration efforts so we have added costs in the second half. As Luke mentioned in his opening remarks, we have a number of exploration efforts going on around the world, and those efforts are ramping up. So the combination of those issues leads to the forecast that Luke and Scott mentioned earlier.
John Mitchell: Yes, I think our view on net supply and demand remains consistent. We see more product coming in from the Australian hard rock mines and China. Of course, the capacity that we are bringing on between now and 2020 and a few others. Overall, we see the market continue to be roughly in balance. There will be short periods of time where there could be some lumpiness in terms of capacity coming online. But really, overall, through the midterm, the market, overall in balance.
John Mitchell: So Q2, we produced more out of La Negra 2 than we did in Q1. We talked about the split of the 10,000 metric tons in previous calls, we're probably tilting a little bit a more toward lithium hydroxide versus lithium carbonate in the second half, in the overall year. But La Negra 2 continues to ramp up. We're managing the brine situation based on our commitments in our environmental permit. And as many know, there have been rain events in the Atacama, we're just really managing the brine situation there. But we continue to be focused on meeting the commitments of our customers and especially, the customers that have signed long-term agreements with us, and we're confident were going to make sure that we take care of them.
John Mitchell: Bob, this is John. So we've worked really hard over the last couple of years in terms of developing relationships with the leading cathode and battery producers in the world. And I think as we go forward, our long term agreements and commitments are primarily, will primarily stay with that basket of customers as we go forward. As we evaluate the performance of different cathode and battery suppliers out there, we could engage them and bring them into our customer base. But we've been focused on really very high quality customer set and customers that have the same philosophy in terms of long-term planning and long-term commitments. And so we see going forward, at least, as far as I can see, a consistent set of customers going forward.
John Mitchell: This is John. As we mentioned a couple of moments ago, because of the product mix and the customer mix, we see average selling price across this past quarter, quarter 2, going down a little bit in Q3 to Q4. It's not anything related to how we negotiate, or the fact that we're lowering the price in the market. It's strictly just based on our contractual commitments and where we see [indiscernible] hydroxide carbonate and types of customers that we are obligated to supply, there's a slight decline in terms of average selling price versus what we are able to accomplish in Q2.
John Mitchell: Kevin, this is John. So just so everyone understands what we were talking about, DSO is essentially a blasted rock, totally unprocessed, it's not upgraded at the mine in any way. And so in order to actually produce a usable product, first have to have an asset that can actually upgrade this rock to an ore concentrate of a certain quality and then that ore concentrate then has to be converted or refined into a lithium salt battery-grade or tech grade salt. And so our view is that the economics, if you think about the economics of just shipping raw rock that's blasted out of the ground, it's definitely not sustainable. And so how long will someone ship DSO and how long will someone pay kind of the high prices and the high shipping costs, our view would be relatively short-lived. So just based on the pure economics of it.
John Mitchell: So first off, Mike, with regard to the rain event, we always have contingency plans from an operating perspective. The team has done a great job to ensure that we can meet our stated goal of 10,000 metric tons. And we have taken specific action to just make sure that we're smart about managing the brine system and the brine quality. We can actually make more carbonate today, but we wanted to make sure that we we're managing the pond system, we're managing the brine as best possible to make sure we have the most favorable economics and outcome.
John Mitchell: This is John. It has to do really with the latter. Certain customers are ramping up at a faster rate than others, and it's just that. And our long-term contracts have that ramp built into them. And so when you look at what our obligations are to serve and based on their pricing levels, we can calculate what the average selling price is expected to be going forward into Q3 and Q4. So it's really just the demand profile of our contracted customers.
John Mitchell: First off, I said earlier, we feel really good about the customer base that we've formed long-term partnerships and long-term supply arrangements with, I mean these are the leaders in the industry. So we're going to work really hard to make sure that they're as successful as they can be. Second part, just on pricing, keep in mind, our long term agreements have pricing flexibility built into them. As Luke said earlier, it's a little bit early to start talking about what does pricing look like in 2018, but our long-term agreements do give us pricing flexibility going forward.
Scott Tozier: Dmitry, as you alluded to, this is Scott. As we ramped up the contract negotiations last year, we're filling up those contracts in the price moves that happened in 2016, the year-over-year comparison going into 2017 starts to get more and more difficult and I think that's really what you're seeing reflected in our guidance in the second half.
Scott Tozier: Yes, so let's just start on the customer side. So different customers, depending on the volume commitments and the long term commitments have different pricing, and that is a big part of kind of what's driving it as some large-scale customers are beginning to ramp up the take. So you have just a customer mix there in terms of different agreements that are negotiated. And then in terms of the economics, again it really, it's tough to paint a product, lithium hydroxide versus lithium carbonate, with the same brush because you really have to compare it against a specific customers in terms of whether margins are being impacted or not. So I would say that there is a mix issue in terms of carbonate hydroxide. That's probably even more importantly is the customer mix is really driving the overall average selling price, difference between Q2 and Q3 and 4.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Jim, or Vince, such a good question. As you look at first half versus second half from the resource spending, I'm expecting that the margin degradation is somewhere in, I don't know, the 4 percentage point range is what I'm expecting from those resource explorations. The accounting for this is obviously, tied into the mining industry. And generally what will happen is you're expensing the cost of exploration until you get to the point of having a proven and probable reserve. That there is an accounting definition around that as well, a mining definition or actual engineering definition. And after that, it's basically the value added spend that goes into it. So it will not be at 100% of what we spend that gets capitalized but only a portion of that. So as we get closer to actually developing those mines in the resources, we'll have a better sense of exactly what we'll need to spend in each side whether it's expense or capital.
Scott Tozier: That's exactly right. It's really just the timing of when we're receiving equipment. But actually, more importantly, in the adjustment that we've made, it's the payment terms that we've actually been able to secure are actually a bit longer than we normally have. So those cash dollars will actually go out early in 2018 versus what we originally thought in 2017.
