Matthew K. Juneau: Thank you, and welcome to Albemarle's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Raphael Crawford, President – Bromine Specialties; Silvio Ghyoot, President – Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President – Chemetall Surface Treatment; and John Mitchell, President – Lithium & Advanced Materials. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. Finally, all year-over-year financial comparisons are based on pro forma 2014 results as shown in the April 2015 8-K to facilitate a cleaner comparison. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke to summarize 2015 performance.
Matthew K. Juneau: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has the chance to ask a question. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Matthew K. Juneau: And if we were to guide you on that, we'd probably guide you to a number similar to the contribution in 2015, which is in that, let's say, in the $10 million to $15 million range. And you ought to think of that as more of front-end-loaded in the way the year is likely to progress. And as Luke noted in the call – in the script, there is uncertainty in that depending on the timing of the divestiture on FCS.
Matthew K. Juneau: And just remember, Tyler, the last, the major one-times related to the acquisition will not be in 2017 numbers. So, you still got $100 million to $125 million of synergy costs, tax repatriation costs in our 2016 guidance for reported free cash. We expect that to really finish in 2016. So, you got a benefit naturally just from that.
Matthew K. Juneau: Yeah. Jim, we never fully break it out, as you know. But if you look in our non-GAAP reconciliations, you can see the equity income contribution from Talison. And it was in line, a little lower as expected in the first three quarters and left us, from an equity income point of view, with an adjusted contribution for the full year of a little under $35 million. We never break out the contribution that comes from our sales of technical-grade spodumene and the tolling. That's within our normal EBITDA, the Albemarle earnings, if you will. Let's just say Talison was up very significantly year-on-year.
Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Matt. 2015 was a year, in which we began the transformation of Albemarle with the acquisition of Rockwood. It was the year of change, integration and most importantly, execution and performance. We laid out our goals for the year in early 2015: integrate the Rockwood businesses; achieve $50 million of synergies; deliver adjusted EBITDA between $935 million and $1 billion; deliver adjusted free cash flow of $450 million to $550 million; and divest non-core assets. We delivered on all of these objectives and raised our dividend for the 21st consecutive year. The Lithium and Chemetall Surface Treatment businesses we acquired exceeded our initial 2015 profitability expectations. In total, as forecasted, the company generated $959 million of adjusted EBITDA, and $506 million of free cash flow before one-time items. Excluding negative currency exchange impacts, Lithium, Chemetall Surface Treatment, Heavy Oil Upgrading, and PCS each grew adjusted EBITDA by greater than 10% versus 2014. We completed the sale of the Metal Sulfides business in January and of our Minerals business at the beginning of February 2016. Neither of these businesses were core for us. And the proceeds from those sales have already been applied against our debt, allowing us to retire a roughly $330 million in debt. As a result, our net debt has been reduced to about $3.3 billion, as of early-February, in line with our expectations. This is an important step toward our goal of reaching our net debt-to-EBITDA target of 2.5 times by the end of 2017. In 2015, our focused efforts on integrations and synergies allowed us to reduce costs and become more efficient without negatively impacting our businesses in any way. In total, our team achieved $60 million of synergies-related savings in 2015, 20% above our original commitment. On a full year basis, synergies achieved in 2015 will deliver savings of roughly $88 million in 2016, putting us slightly ahead of schedule and leaving only $32 million needed in additional synergies to reach our goal of $120 million in savings in 2016 as compared to 2014. We already have identified projects in place that give us confidence that we will achieve this goal. Finally, we strengthened our industry-leading Lithium business by reaching three critical milestones. First, we completed and started up our new 20,000 metric ton battery-grade lithium carbonate plant in La Negra, Chile. Second, we received a new permit, which allows us to significantly increase brine pumped at the Salar de Atacama to speed our expansion plans for battery-grade lithium derivatives. Third, we announced a memorandum of understanding with Corfo which will extend the life and increase the volume of our lithium quota in Chile. Once the definitive agreement on the quota is signed, which we expect in the next few months, we will have significantly increased our permitted annual production capacity of lithium carbonate from the Atacama brine source to more than 70,000 metric tons. The definitive agreement will increase both the quantity of lithium that we can extract from the Salar de Atacama and the expected lifetime of our secured reserves in Chile to 27 years from the beginning of 2017 based on about 70,000 metric tons of annual production capacity of lithium carbonate. The combination of the permit and the increased quota further cement our leadership position in lithium and better position us to meet our strategic goal to capture 50% of the incremental lithium growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Matt.
Luke C. Kissam: Hey, David. If you didn't get it, it was a little over, it was about the average, it was about 3% over Europe for the entire Lithium business. Battery-grade was higher than that. And look, we've always said, we got a good pricing environment, but I know we're going to get this question a lot, David. So, let me just address this up front. We are going to price lithium, so that we get value today and so that we are ensuring that this market continues to grow. We are not going to price lithium in such a way that drives the demand out of the market. It's very critical that we do this, because this is the best growth business in the specialty chemical industry and we're not going to get greedy early. We're going to get the value that we need to get. And we're going to price it so that we can allow this industry to continue to grow and achieve the objectives that we had when we acquired the Rockwood business.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think from a competitive standpoint, this is a competitive market. And they're good competitors. We compete on technology. We compete on the value that we deliver to the customer. This is not a commodity that you look at and say, well, capacity is tight, so we can pass through a price increase. That's not how it works. When you deliver a technology and you allow that customer to make more money, you can get a piece of that more money that they're making and drive your pricing. And I think that's how the entire industry views it. So, you will see in my comments that we are investing in R&D to drive that technological advantage to give our customers the ability to make more money and then we'll get the price. Now, as we talked about the last time we raised prices, this is a three-year process, because that's how the contracts flow. So, we've got contracts that fall off this year, some later in the year, some in 2017 and some in 2018. So, you will see a gradual increase in those pricing as long as we're able to deliver that technical superior service that allow them to make more money.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think if you really look at the Bromine, what I would say is, remember, we lost that methyl bromide contract. So, it was a profitable business for us and we framed that up last year on what the type of profitability was and we've lost that. So that was a big hurdle to overcome. And then, from a volume standpoint, the big volume play that we're seeing is completion fluids. And what's going to happen to completion fluids during the year, you've got about 25% of the CapEx from the E&Ps are out of the market. They've already announced that. So eventually, that's going to slide out. So those are the two big volumes. I think prices, we've seen – in some packets, you've seen price down a little bit, but overall, prices holding up pretty good and we're getting some price increases across. I think how long it's going to last, whether it's the bottom of the cycle or not, really depends upon completion fluids. And it's a big tail on completion fluids that you need to remember. So, if they start – oil prices pop up and they start putting deepwater rigs back out and the capital budgets come up, completion fluids won't pop right back up for us in deepwater. You will see a lag. So, we're seeing – we're on the tail right now. We're on the tail in 2016, we're still good. In 2017, I can't predict that because I don't know what oil is going to be then. But I think that our focus in Bromine will continue to be what it is in 2016. We are going to drive that business for cash to take that cash to allow us to deleverage to allow us to invest in other growth opportunities. And our business position, our cost position and our technology will allow us to do that.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. If you look at our contracts, all those contracts historically had been annual contracts, so negotiated generally in the fourth quarter for the next year. One of the things that we are trying to do is longer-term contracts with some of our major customers to ensure security of supply in this time. So, there is not a lot of spot market for lithium carbonate or lithium hydroxide that we do. So, if you look at the Asian metals pricing and use that as a crutch to figure out what pricing is and the – it's a bad one. You should not do that. You shouldn't look at that, because there's not enough spot lithium carbonate sold. This is a contractual negotiation that we have in the fourth quarter and they last generally for the full year. We are trying to change that to a longer term and I think we'll have some success in that, but there's not the opportunity. Once they're set, they're pretty well set, P.J.
Luke C. Kissam: And then, I'd also say that those contracts are generally annual contracts as well. But look, we're getting price year-over-year. We're getting good pricing movement. And we're also working with our customers to ensure that we can get the value we need for the investments that we're going to make and the benefits that we're providing and also allow the cost of that lithium ion battery to work down that cost curve, because the lithium ion battery, I think, if you look at 2015, for the last 15 years, it's declined about 14% a year. Lithium is really only about 2% of the cost of a battery, but it's critical into the applications that they have. So, we're going to work to make sure that we're getting the value to justify the capital investments and the costs that we're going to have to bring these great reserves to the market to continue to be able to power this lithium revolution and grow that market.
Luke C. Kissam: Right. But there will be price-ups, just like in other contracts. And they would be – that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to offer our customer in this tight market, our top customers, security of supply. That's what they want. They want the security of the supply, and they want the quality of the product. So, we are trying to ensure that we can provide that to those, and to those who are entered into, are concerned about that as I would be, that we're seeing good receptiveness to that.
Luke C. Kissam: All right. So, we've got the divested businesses in there, so we divested those two businesses, around $40 million of EBITDA that we would see. So, really if you look at 2015 to 2016, if we had those businesses that we divested, we'd be pushing $1 billion on the high end of our range from an EBITDA standpoint. But those businesses are not in 2016.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So, we included the net amount. So, we took the synergies we were going to capture and netted it down from the spend and then included that. So, that's net synergies in there as well as – no, no. I'm sorry. We netted it out that increased business resources you see there. So, on the high end, if completion fluids stay at 2016 levels, which I don't expect, you could see some increase on the Bromine side. From a Lithium standpoint, we're pretty well sold out. So, if we were to get some more incremental sales out of our La Negra plant in 2016 toward the end of the year, we can say a little bit of a benefit there. There is a lot of – there are some of our customers that are looking at their businesses today and trying to understand whether they put all turnarounds or not. So, we always have in the oil, particularly in the integrated businesses, are they going to push out of the year, are they going to push out of the quarter. So, catalyst is always at a time like this when oil is at this rate, what's going to happen to the capital and the turnaround for the integrated refinery. So, those would be the big numbers that I see pushing back and forth. I think, Surface Treatment feel pretty good about where they are there and the ability for them to come in at the forecast but not a whole lot of upside or downside there, maybe a little bit, but not it's going move the big needle across for the corporate. But those were the top ones that I would say.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think the strategy has always been, today, we don't own a conversion facility that allows us to convert that spodumene to hydroxide and carbonate. So, the strategy that we're going to employ as we build up more carbonate, as we build up more hydroxide is use that as swing volume. So, we will do that in a way to meet the market demand with that tolling, allow us to meet the current demand. And then at the appropriate level that we see the market has developed, we'll invest capital and bring that in-house. So, we're using that for swing volume strategy. And I think it's the right strategy for us as we look to be conscious with the capital, the timing, and the amount of capital that we are spending in this business. It will have an impact on margins, obviously, because we are spending some of those – we're paying obviously a fee for the conversion. But I still expect, as a pure Lithium stand-alone, we've been over 40% margins for six straight quarters, and I would expect we'd certainly be in that range for 2016 as well. Operator, I think next question.
Luke C. Kissam: We've got to negotiate a full agreement. So, I think anytime you go from an MoU to a full agreement, there are matters that weren't addressed in the MoU that need to be addressed. But we have the framework and we're confident we're going to get to that agreement.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So, I'm going to let Silvio Ghyoot who runs our Refining Solutions to take that second question, and then I'll take the first.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. And from an FCC standpoint, I think one of the things is that in this time of oil being down, every refiner out there is trying to squeeze as much profit as they can out of every unit that they have. And as a result, they're going to be testing to see if there's another catalyst out there that gives them an advantage over a catalyst they're using. I want to make sure you understand it. If we have a three-year contract to supply an FCC catalyst to a unit, the catalyst that we're supplying at the end of that three-year period can be very different than a catalyst we're supplying at the beginning, because our people in there, with that unit, on a daily basis, making sure they understanding the change in this crude slide, the change in the operating rights, the change in the pressure drop, all of those things and tweaking and changing that FCC catalyst so that we're getting them the best, the best performance they could have so they can make more money. So, it is – they are looking for that every time. And they bring in test catalysts from other people because they want to understand if they're really doing that. The only way they know to do it is to work it in that specific unit. So, we welcome that. That's why we invest in technology, that's why it's a great business to be and if you've got a technological advantage and we're excited about it and we were looking forward to a great 2016. And the other thing on HPC, remember HPC was down in 2015 fairly significantly. So, we're planning a big uptake the but not in 2014 levels.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. What I would say is there'll be no impact in 2016. And we need to get the agreement finalized to make sure we understand all of those positions. And we'll give you an update on what to expect for 2017. You should not expect a meaningful downturn, not significant. This is still going to be a significantly high margin business. And even with any royalty we will pay, we will still be the world's best cost position from a lithium standpoint. And as – and we will use that to continue our market leadership around the globe.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. There is a little bit of an upside, if we were to realize it. Not much is baked in. There's a little bit baked in, a little bit year-over-year price improvement, but not a significant amount. So it possibly could be an upside. But the way the contracts roll, it's – we're trying to present what we think is a likely case. And a likely case is we're not going to see much in 2016.
Luke C. Kissam: Sure. Let me – I'm going to turn it over to Raphael Crawford to go through that and talk specifically about China. But remember, we did talk about the bromine destocking, if you will. We saw that from our customers as we always do in the fourth quarter. And Albemarle, specifically, we operated our assets at a much slower rate that had a negative impact on our earnings to match that. But I'm going to let Raphael talk to you specifically about China.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think we wouldn't speak to any specific opportunity that we would see out there, but suffice it to say that – and Joris is on the line, but we've got a list of opportunities that are in various stages of review and discussion, because I think part of the small bolt-on acquisitions have been a key to the growth strategy over the years and we'll continue to do that and look at that. Most of them have been small from a dollar standpoint and fairly rapidly accretive. So, we've got a list, there are opportunities out there. And we'll be wise and prudent with our ability to pursue those.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, there's going to be a negotiation with each customer is what it's going to amount to. But I think we've seen good receptiveness, and we believe that pricing will be up year-over-year. And as we said, pricing for battery-grade is probably going to be higher than that overall price for – if you look at it for the entire Lithium business. So again, it's a negotiation just like it always is with pricing, but the value that we're delivering there is strong. And we feel good about what we've got in our model to push it through.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, I mean, I certainly think that if you look at it, from an EPS standpoint, we ought to be able to continue to grow. If you look at the businesses that we have, you've got Lithium that I think – and we've been pretty open about it. We think Lithium, you ought to see high-single to double-digit growth, and our cost position in that will – we'll work ourselves down the cost chain as we're able to get more efficient and bring more capacity online, because we've already got the fixed cost. So, if I look at catalyst, I think long-term catalyst is growth position where you're going to see growth – a lot of it depends upon all, but it really is tied to the demand for transportation fuels. That's what drives it. And that's generally raising 1% to 3% a year, and that's why technology is so important in those businesses, so we can out-earn that. The third piece, if you look at Surface Treatment, they've grown about mid-to-high single digits on a regular basis and I'd expect that to continue. So, when you roll all out that stuff together and we get these synergies baked in and rolled through and get more efficiencies, I don't see any reason we can't get up and see nice year-over-year earnings growth in that kind of range for mid-to-high single digits, which you can extrapolate that out and see what that number will be. But I think the earning power – the other thing I'd say about 2011 and 2012, Mike, is when you look at those numbers, remember you've got still in the 2011, that false demand from a Bromine where we were allocating bromine on a daily basis because of the demand coming out of the 2009 recession. And you've got a lot of pass-through in there related to that rare earth spike and the pass-throughs from that. So, just be a little mindful of the years you pick, but I would say is from where we are today, you should see continued growth in EPS that'll deliver nice shareholder return for our shareholders.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, you've got some gives and take, Mike. So, you got to look at it and look at the gives and takes. So, let's take a look at it. We said that Lithium business is going to be up high-single digits. We said PCS is going to be flat. So, we're not going to see any growth out of that. We said Surface Treatment is going to be up mid-to-single digits. Refining Solutions is going to be up high-single digits, and you're going to see Bromine down. So, if you look at the core businesses, they're all growing mid-to-high single digits. And so, I think that in an economy like we have today, and with the uncertainty that we have today, that's pretty strong. It's anywhere from 3.5% to 9% (sic) [3% to 9%] growth of our businesses on an EBITDA basis. So, we feel good about that and we think if you look at the cash, there's going to be drop into bottom line on that and the yield of our cash. This is a great investment for shareholders and create real value for the ones that are in there today.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Q prices in – or prices in Q4 were more favorable than beginning of the year. So we're starting to see a pickup in prices that started, say, towards the end of Q3, beginning of Q4, and we'll see more favorable pricing going into 2016 than 2015.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: We see it more favorable for the Chilean projects, the brine-based. So we would prioritize those projects over spodumene.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. The volume trends, I have been consistent – I mean, many of those markets are growing at GDP rates. That's what we've previously communicated and we see no change in those other markets.
