Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Matt. In 2016, Albemarle continued its journey to becoming a high-growth specialty chemicals company focused on driving increased global energy efficiency through our leading positions in lithium and refining catalysts. First of all, from an operations standpoint, 2016 was the safest year in company history. We had record low workdays missed due to injury, and our lowest-ever severity rating for lost-time injuries. In addition, environmental incidents at our plants were also at an all-time low. The focus on safe operations in spite of the amount of change that occurred in 2016 is a tribute to the quality and focus of our employees. Our three core business units performed well in 2016, with each exceeding initial expectations. Adjusted EBITDA from our three GBUs increased by $96 million or 13% compared to 2015. Lithium and Refining Solutions both delivered strong double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth, 34% and 21%, respectively. Bromine adjusted EBITDA increased by 2% despite the loss of a key contract that delivered more than $15 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2015. Importantly, this marks the third consecutive year of consistent, stable results in Bromine. Full-year combined adjusted EBITDA margin for our three GBUs was 33%, up 190 basis points from 2015. Not only did our businesses generate strong earnings; those earnings translated into strong free cash flow. Our adjusted free cash flow for 2016 was $672 million, an increase of $166 million from 2015. We also continued to focus our strategy by successfully divesting minerals and metal sulfides in early 2016 and the Chemetall Surface Treatment business in mid-December. Total net proceeds from these three transactions exceeded $3.4 billion, an aggregate multiple of 13.7 times trailing-12-month EBITDA. Our team structured these transactions to be highly tax-efficient, leading to significant cash generation for Albemarle. As a result of the strong cash generation from both operations and divestitures, we were able to reduce debt and significantly strengthen our balance sheet. Our gross debt to EBITDA after completion of the debt tender in February stands at about 2.2 times based on full-year 2016 adjusted EBITDA. Cash on hand as of mid-February was approximately $1.4 billion. We have regained balance sheet strength and flexibility, which positions us to more quickly take advantage of opportunities to accelerate our business strategies. We announced a dividend increase of 5% just recently in February. This marks our 23rd consecutive year of dividend increases. Our stock price increased by 54% in 2016, compared to increases of 9% and 10% for the Dow Jones Chemicals Index and the S&P 500, respectively, placing us in the top decile of performance against our industry peers. We also expect to buy back $250 million of stock in a program that will be launched in the next several days and conclude by the end of June. Finally, in 2016, we strengthened and extended our leadership position in lithium. First, we finalized two agreements in Chile, which position us to expand our lithium carbonate production capacity there from the roughly 24,000 metric tons produced in 2016 to over 80,000 tons by 2020. In January of 2016, we secured an environmental permit that allows us to pump brine at an annual rate of over 80,000 tons of lithium carbonate equivalent annually. Then in December we reached a definitive agreement with CORFO that expands our total Lithium quota to a level that allows production at that same annual rate through the end of 2043. Secondly, we acquired the spodumene conversion assets of Jiangxi Jiangli New Materials technology company in China and announced plans to expand these assets to a conversion capacity of 35,000 to 40,000 metric tons. These moves, along with a planned greenfield spodumene conversion plant, will increase our overall capacity of lithium salts to over 160,000 metric tons on an LCE basis by early in the next decade. Third, on the demand side, we have now secured about 80% of both our technical and battery-grade lithium salts business under three- to five-year long-term contracts. We remain confident in both the demand growth for lithium salts and our ability to meet that growing demand. I'll discuss 2017 at the end of our prepared remarks, but clearly our 2016 financial and operational performance, combined with our portfolio actions and steps to strengthen our Lithium franchise, leave Albemarle well-positioned for another strong year in 2017. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott. In 2016, Albemarle met or exceeded our financial, strategic, and operational targets. The 2016 performance has positioned Albemarle for another outstanding year in 2017. Based on the assumptions outlined by Scott, we expect 2017 net sales to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $2.95 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $800 million to $840 million, and adjusted earnings per share between $4 and $4.25. We currently forecast earnings to be somewhat strong in the second half of the year compared to the first, primarily due to expected timing of volumes in Refining Solutions. Even with the $60 million to $70 million of additional expenses in Lithium, our forecasted 2017 adjusted EBITDA range represents an increase of 6% to 11% versus 2016. The forecast results in adjusted EBITDA margins of 28% to 29%, an increase of about 20 basis points from 2016 at the midpoint of this range. Turning to each of our businesses. We expect another very strong year of earnings growth in Lithium, with adjusted EBITDA increase of greater than 20%. Adjusted EBITDA margins are again expected to average greater than 40%. Volumes are forecasted to grow by about 10,000 metric tons, driven by an expected increase of about 40% in battery-grade salts. We also continue to see favorable pricing trends with overall pricings in Lithium forecasted to increase by 10% to 15% relative to 2016. We expect to stabilize the PCS business at adjusted EBITDA levels similar to 2016. We have additional headwinds related to the SunEdison bankruptcy, but are countering those with actions to improve productivity of our asset and reduce our operating costs. While the overall market outlook is for 3% to 4% volume growth, the competitive environment in certain product areas remains challenging. Refining Solutions should deliver adjusted EBITDA growth of a few percent compared to 2016. Heavy Oil Upgrading demand continues to be strong, but the combination of turnarounds at our customers and competitive trials will have some negative volume impact, especially in the first half of 2017. We also expect the improved demand and mix in Clean Fuels Technologies that we saw in 2016 to continue into 2017. However, the magnitude of that improvement will be significantly less than we saw in 2016. As already noted, we currently forecast a stronger second half of the year in Refining Solutions, but as always, timing of change-out in Clean Fuels Technologies could impact those actual results. After a better-than-expected 2016, we expect Bromine to perform at similar levels in 2017. Modest demand growth in flame retardants and cost management should allow us to counter uncertain demand for clear brine fluids, cost pressures in certain raw materials, and weakness in products sold into the ag markets. In closing, we delivered on all of our key commitments in 2016 and continued the transformation of Albemarle into a highly focused, high-margin company with strong growth prospects. In 2017, we expect to deliver strong earnings growth, led by Lithium business, and to position the company for continued outsized growth in the years to come.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, Bob. This is Luke. What I would say is that gives companies like Albemarle, like SQM, I think an advantage over the others that you may read about coming into the marketplace, because we have a long history with that, we've got experience with it, and we also have the relationships with the customers to understand what that spec is going to be, not just when we bring the plant online but over the next decade. So we design for that. We're going to be patient, and we're going to work to bring it online in the proper way for the sustainability long term of this Lithium business.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So from a standpoint of what we're trying to do in Lithium – we've talked about this before. We're trying very hard to balance volume and price. We're doing that in a way – and I think your numbers are accurate on the cost of lithium carbonate in a battery. But we also understand that this is a long-term sustainable play. Our customers are being asked to reduce prices every day to drive down the costs of batteries, and we are also – we're at 40% margins with great growth, both from a volume standpoint and from a price standpoint. Our shareholders are getting an excellent return on that business. We're working with our customers, and we're at the infancy of an industry that we're really trying to be a leader in, and we believe that the approach that we are taking is the most sustainable and thoughtful approach, both for today and in the long term. We've clearly articulated that with our shareholders as well as our customers, and we plan to stick to that path.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. We've said previously when we did the royalty that the royalty would be less than $50 million in 2017. That's still accurate. We have additional costs related to personnel, as well as expenses that'll hit our P&L as it relates to testing and development of new resources to bring on into the future. So it's the same split as what we've always said, Kevin.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. Kevin, we get a lot of questions about the specifics of the contracts, and I'd caution everyone on the call not to get too caught up on the specifics of what we may be able to do with one contract or another contract. What this does give us, though, is confidence in filling the assets for the capital that we are spending over the next three to five years. It gives us the confidence that we will have volume to be able to run through those facilities. We feel like we picked the right customers. We also feel as though the pricing is such that we'll be able to maintain that 40% margin, which has been a target that we've talked about, and at the same time will allow us to get a significant and continuing improving return on the capital that we're going to invest. So it's all a part of the capital plan to grow our overall market and meet that customer demand.
Luke C. Kissam: So I think, at the end of the day, we'll see an increase in moly, not all of which will be passed through in 2017. And that is included within the estimates that we provided, Dmitry.
Luke C. Kissam: That's exactly right. Now, if it goes higher than what's in our forecast, we're going to have to adjust and deal with that, but the way you described it is accurate.
Luke C. Kissam: I mean, what we've said is it's going to be around $1 billion for us to spend between now and 2021, that kind of range, to get to that LCE, both with respect to the conversion assets, as well as what we have to do in the Salar. And as we've always stated, we look to get 2x our cost of capital, and this will be significantly higher. So these will be great return projects – if the demand holds, and we have no reason to believe that that demand is not going to hold.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think it's too early for us to talk about what price is going to be in 2018. We focused on 2017 today. What I will say is if you look, as we fill up these assets, our per-unit cost will continue to drive down, drive to a lower per-unit cost. And as a result, we're very confident, based on the price and our cost improvement, that we'll be able to maintain those kind of 40%-plus margins for the foreseeable future in Lithium.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, if you look at the demand coming on around the U.S. Gulf Coast or these ethylene crackers they're bringing on and what's happening in Asia and other areas of the world, the Middle East, we expect that you're going to see that type of demand growth, and that's really from third parties that are estimating that growth. And we see it consistent when we talk to our customers.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I mean, we had a long discussion and an approval process that we had to go through, and the thing I'd say is that none of the material terms changed from January, February of 2016 till December of 2016, when it was just finally signed. So we had a long runway to get over the finish line. But the material terms were always consistent. They never changed. Dollars may have moved around a little bit, but the total dollars stayed the same in the commitment. So, look, it took a while to go through that process. We were the first ones to go through it, but couldn't be happier with the deal that we got down there, and the ability to ensure the long-term sustainability of the greatest lithium resource in the world for Albemarle.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi, David. This is John. When we look at Q4 2016 versus 2015, the growth has come from about 50% volume, 50% price. As Luke mentioned earlier, going into 2017, we're looking across the portfolio, not just battery grade, of increase in pricing from about 10% to 15% in price. However, when you look at the volume, most of the volume growth, that 10,000 metric tons that Luke mentioned, is going to be skewed towards the battery grade side as well. So a lot of the pricing is coming on the battery grade side.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. So we've historically said that the demand for battery grade is driven by automotive penetration rates for battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids. Our model shows that to get to a 2% penetration rate by 2021, the overall global demand is about 20,000 metric tons per year. We've seen the market tracking to that. We know that there have been some recent announcements in China about updating of policies; that was expected. We see continued strong demand out of China. And we don't see the demand profile changing much based on our expectations for 2017, and see about that 20,000 metric ton growth overall for global demand. We do see acceleration in terms of new models of cars, as well as areas like electric buses also driving growth.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So we're planning for approximately 10,000 metric tons of overall volume growth coming basically from the lithium salts. It'll come from a combination of the La Negra ramp-up, as well as hard rock to salt conversion in our new assets in China. We have two assets that came with that China acquisition. One is in Xinyu city and the other in Chengdu. The Xinyu city operation can be ramped up more than it operated in the past. So it'll be about a 60/40 or 70/30 split, more heavily weighted toward La Negra, and we're ramping up capacity to meet the needs of our customer agreement. So we want to make sure that we're living up to our commitments, and that's that customers that have signed long-term agreements with us have the products that they need to grow. So we'll be able to meet their demands.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Bob, this is John. First off, you have to look at both the resource side and then the conversion side, and the plants do have to be designed in a way to be able to handle the incoming – whether it's a brine concentrate or ore concentrate. And the characteristics of that brine concentrate or ore concentrate can change. So there is some design consideration to be given to where the resource is coming from. Second, you have to design a plant to be able to meet a customer's specification. So we look at the cross-section of customers that will be supplied from a derivative plant, and we have to make sure that that plant can actually meet a tailored specification. And these are not commodity-based plants; these are performance product plants. And then these plants have to actually go through a fairly rigorous qualification process. And so it is challenging. It's challenging even for a company like Albemarle that has hundreds of scientists and hundreds of engineers to be able to meet an evolving product specification that has to withstand the test of 10 years of battery performance. And so getting it right, making sure that those products are consistent, not just from a chemical and purity perspective, but there are a lot of physical characteristics around crystal structure and particle size distribution. So it's a complex product, it's a complex molecule, and it's evolving. And it's evolving every year as battery companies are looking to improve the performance of the batteries.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: So, Bob, this is John. First off, we had a longstanding relationship with those sites. So we had good insight in terms of the quality of the assets, the quality of the people. Certainly, Albemarle has a very high standard in terms of safety, in terms of process design. So we are investing in those assets. But that was always part of the business case in terms of that acquisition. We understood the fact that those assets did have headroom, and we're doing a couple things. We are in the process of ramping up. We're making sure that that product is qualified with our customers that are under long-term agreement, and we're improving the safety standards and the reliability of the facility. At the same time, as we've already previously announced, we're adding another train that will expand our Xinyu facility from 10,000 metric tons to 35,000 metric tons. So there's a lot of work going on there. That work actually started many months ago. So we're really excited about that operation. It's going to have great quality product, battery-grade product. Our customers are going to be excited about it. And everything's going really well. Thanks.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. So this is John again. As I said earlier, the growth is mainly being driven by energy storage, particularly in the transportation space. And as we look at 2017, we're crossing the 40% threshold, where 40% of our LC demand is going to be going into the battery space.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Yeah. Hi. P.J., it's John. As we look at 2017, there are a couple sources aside from Albemarle bringing on capacity. You have the continued ramp-up of the Argentinian brine source and Orocobre; that will continue to contribute some incremental tons into the market. You have two Australian hard rock mines that are really exporting ore concentrate of different quality and standards into the Chinese market for conversion into various tech grade and maybe low-grade battery salt products for the Chinese market. The combination of the Australian mines and the conversion capacity in China, the Argentinian source kind of ramping up, and Albemarle will certainly be able to cover the demand for 2017. And our view through 2020-2021 is that the market will continue to remain in balance. There are certainly projects in addition to the ones that Albemarle are bringing on that will come on. We have a good view of those, and we think that the market will remain in balance through the midterm. With regard to our Talison mine in Greenbushes, Australia, that mine is really extraordinary in terms of ore quality and scale. It is the best ore quality in the world. It is the largest resource in the world. And we have the ability to double the capacity of that mine. We're in dialogue with our joint venture partner, and we'll make the final decision on the timing of the mine expansion. But just to give you an idea of the scale of that operation, it has the potential to be able to provide 160,000 metric tons of LCEs into the marketplace -just one mine in a global market that today is about 190,000 metric tons. And it has the best ore quality in the world and the lowest cost structure. So we're really excited about Greenbushes, and you should be hearing some good stuff from us and our joint venture partner shortly about the expansion.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: Hi. This is John. So each individual contract is negotiated separately. But in broad strokes, our agreements have a pricing provision that essentially provides us a floor for pricing. So, in the event someone were to knock on our customer's door and say, hey, we have a great bargain basement price for a lithium salt, the customers cannot come back to us with a meet comp where we would have to reduce our prices. There are, in some cases, fixed and variable portions of pricing, and it does give us some flexibility to adjust prices with market. But, as Luke said, we're taking a long-term view. We really value the partnerships with the customers. We feel that there's an opportunity to collaborate on the next-generation advanced materials and performance materials that are going to go into this space and working together to bring energy storage to the transportation segment and making the grid more efficient. But we do have good protection in terms of the downside and some good opportunities to move prices up if we feel the market warrants it and it's appropriate.
John Mitchell - Albemarle Corp.: This is John. So, in order to be able to support the 160,000 metric tons of supply that we're bringing on by 2020-2021 timeframe, we only have modeled 2% penetration of battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrids.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. Well, in general we're coming out of period where we have maybe had favorable tailwinds with the raw materials. So utilities, some of the basic raw materials, seem to be trending up these days, and obviously that makes a small difference so far versus last year. Also there have been some action by the Chinese authorities to get somewhat better organized with the output of the rivers (48:02) out of China, so that may cause an additional headwind. These are the major ones I was referring to.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Well, the moly price has been locked in. You may remember this; last year we had a floor of moly, $10 throughout the industry. But what we do see is that the moly price is ramping up gradually as we go forward and it starts to meet (51:53) that level of $10 per pound.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you. First question, the mix improvement is always hard to predict at the end, so which changes will occur in a specific quarter. So there is no structural or no seasonal trends in there, so it's just a fact that some orders may have larger volumes, less profitable products, and another quarter may have much smaller volumes and more profitable products. And the fourth quarter has been one where we have a reasonable size of hydrotreating business, though less favorable than we have had in other quarters, combined with still a strong HOU or FCC business, which gives that resultant average margin over the four quarters. With regards to the pricing on the FCC, you know this is an overhaul design. It will take a while before we get this fully implemented. 2017 will be a year where we will be – keep on working on the implementation of this price increase. However, we think that we will see some of the trial effects through our pricing that ultimately the 2017 pricing will show more the effect of the blending of businesses rather than the effect of the pure price increase.
