Dave Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you will find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer, Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts, Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call including about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes, expansion projects and our proposed lithium hydroxide joint venture may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now, I will turn the call over to Luke.
Dave Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so, I would like to remind everyone to please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups, if time allows. Please proceed.
Dave Ryan: Okay. I would like to thank everyone for your questions and participation in today's conference. We always appreciate your interest and this concludes the third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Hi. Thanks Dave and good morning everybody. In the first quarter, Albemarle delivered adjusted diluted EPS of $1.23. Lithium volume in the first quarter was negatively impacted primarily by the rain event in Chile and delayed customer qualifications. Importantly, however, lithium pricing in the quarter was up 3% versus prior year. Catalyst and bromine specialties grew adjusted EBITDA by 5% and 12%, respectively, excluding divested businesses. Both businesses benefited from increases in volume and price. Turning to our strategic projects. We continue to make progress on our lithium hydroxide joint venture with Mineral Resources Limited. We have made the necessary regulatory filings and based on the current feedback, continue to expect the transaction to close in the second half of 2019. During April, we signed an interim market agreement with MRL that allows Albemarle to market any spodumene concentrate that is produced at the site prior to the closing of the joint venture. Our new 20,000 met ton Xinyu II lithium hydroxide facility continues to ramp production according to our original schedule. We are shifting from this expansion to customers who have completed their qualification process and have additional qualifications underway. We are on track for full qualification of Xinyu II material, all targeted accounts by the end of the third quarter of this year and expect to achieve a nameplate capacity run rate by year-end. In Chile, we expect to produce close to 40,000 metric tons of lithium carbonate from our two existing operating units in La Negra in 2019 despite the impact on production from the rain event in the Salar de Atacama, which occurred in the first quarter. Due to delays in the delivery of certain equipment, we now expect to commission the 40,000 metric ton lithium carbonate plant, La Negra III and IV, late in the fourth quarter of 2020 or in the first quarter of 2021. This will be followed by typical four to six month customer qualification process that would put the first meaningful sales volume around midyear 2021. In spite of this slight delay, we are confident in being able to meet our volume commitments under our long term agreements for lithium carbonate. In the Salar de Atacama, we have commenced a capital investment project, which is expected to improve our lithium yields in the Salar. Major equipment has been ordered. Earthwork should commence during the second quarter. And we are on track commission the project in the second half of 2021. This project will allow us to increase our lithium yields by as much as 30% without increasing the amount of brine being used, further ensuring the sustainability of the Salar de Atacama and increasing the flexibility of our operations. In Kemerton, Western Australia, work has started on our lithium hydroxide complex. Earthworks are well underway and contracts have been awarded for the major and long lead time equipment as well as for the engineering procurement and construction management for the project. The first phase will encompass three trains of 20,000 to 25,000 metric tons capacity a piece and expected to be commissioned in stages during the second half of 2021 and continuing into 2022. Finally, the expansion of Talison, our spodumene joint venture in Greenbushes, Australia, remains on schedule start up in June of this year. This expansion will result in the capability to produce about 160,000 metric tons on an LCE full year run rate basis with Albemarle's annual share being up to 80,000 metric tons. This spodumene will be our China and Australia conversion plants. Talison will tailor operations to meet the raw material demands of its two partners. Turning to demand for lithium for a minute. During the first quarter, global sales of electric vehicles were up almost 60% compared to 2018. Full battery electric vehicles contributed outsized growth increasing 75% year-over-year. All of this is against the backdrop where year-on-year global automotive sales declined by 6.5% during the same quarter. Regionally, Europe set a record for EV sales in March ending the quarter up 23% versus prior year, with most of that growth coming from the full electric segment. U.S. sales were up 11%. First quarter EV sales in China were more than double what they were during the same period of 2018. In addition, battery production remained strong. The Chinese National Bureau of Statistics reported that full year 2018 and first quarter 2019 lithium-ion battery production increased 13% and 8%, respectively, compared to the prior year. Year-on-year, the production of NMC cathode batteries was up more than 25% during the month of March alone. Overall, these demand signals were in line with what we see from our customers under our long term agreements, which support the continued secular growth in electric mobility and electric storage and the underlying strength of our businesses. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I will let Eric talk a little bit about what he has seen specifically in China and then as a high level I will talk a little bit about the contracts.
Luke Kissam: And Bob, I would tell you one thing. Remember, our margins, what we committed, it was going to have overall 40% margins. And there are plenty of people, there are some people out there in China who are willing to operate at cash cost and making cash. We are not. And the people that we committed to and that have committed to us, worked through the high pricing, through the low pricing of whatever the market may bring, we are going to be consistent with those prices. We are going to meet our commitments and they are meeting their commitments as well. So we feel good about it.
Luke Kissam: And I think that also speaks to the confidence that those long term customers have in the relationship we have with them. As they cut actually in the first quarter, cut some of their, at least one or two of them did cut that qualification time a little short. So we got that volume in for a piece of their work, but not for all of it. So I think we were trying to be a little more aggressive thinking they could shorten the qualification time across the board. And just at the higher end, quality for those long EV batteries, they weren't able to do that or weren't willing to do that. But we have done, it continues on schedule for qualifications and there are no issues. It was just a matter of, we thought we could get it tighter than what the traditional qualification would have been.
Luke Kissam: And then Kevin, if you remember, on the last call, we said that we thought pricing will be, for lithium for the full year, will be flat to inflationary. That's still what we expect. What you are seeing at three quarter and the first quarter that 3% in the first quarter, some of it is that some of the price increases in 2018 didn't hit all the way in the first quarter. It was staggered through the year. So you are seeing a little bit of that also in the first quarter 2019. But we still expect it is going to be flat to inflationary for the year.
Luke Kissam: So Kevin, we can't account for what other folks' projection would be about demand and mix of demand. Things aren't falling as we thought they were. We discussed in our last conference call where we are seeing 2019 unfolding largely as we predicted a couple of months ago and we are seeing no pullback from the forecasted high nickel demand that we anticipated to see. Now it's fair to say that that's largely an NCA market and secondarily on the NMC side, a 622 market, which has a partial amount of hydroxide in it. But NCA, as you know, is all hydroxide. We have never put a big bet on near term on 811. We think it is an attractive chemistry long term. But there is quite a few processing technologies that you can put in place to improve the economics of manufacturing 811, which we anticipate will take a number of years to put in place.
Luke Kissam: Well, that's lot of questions for one follow-up. So let me try to address the marketing agreement. What will the market agreements says is that we have the right to sell spodumene that's produced out of that site during the full year. We are getting MRL was on schedule on train one. We will get qualification samples out. We are in the middle of marketing some of that spodumene. And we will sell that spodumene at attractive prices. But we are certainly not in a position or thinking about operating that wide open and then sell it. We are going to sell it to meet the demand and that's it.
Luke Kissam: Yes. So remember, Talison, we do not market that rock in Talison, except for the technical grade. And so that would go into things like glasses and ceramics and thing such as that. And Tianqi markets within China and we market outside of China for that technical grade. But our battery grade has to be converted by the partners. So we don't, Talison does not sell spodumene rock to be converted into battery grade by either one of the parties, anyone in the world. It is simply a raw material source for Tianqi and Albemarle.
Luke Kissam: And we are going to market the Wodgina rock to meet the demand. If the demand is not there, we won't run the plant. So if demand is there, we will run it to meet that demand that we can sell and get a profit on it.
Luke Kissam: And Ben, you asked about valuations. What I would say is, if it's a resource, the valuations even in the private side, the ask is still pretty steep from a resource standpoint, where there may be some opportunities are in a conversion asset. And then you look at that as, obviously we have got some capital projects as a build your own versus buy. But from a resource standpoint, some of the valuations, some of the better valuations -- I am sorry, some of the better resources, I apologize, are still have pretty high valuations.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke Kissam. I think where we are in our spending today is about where we need to be. We are not going to invent the next battery. What is important for us is to understand where our customers are going, so that we can take whatever they are doing, be sure that we have either the lithium metal, the lithium carbonate, the lithium hydroxide or whatever other derivative lithium might be to apply to their situation. So it's less of a development and more of an application. And we have, over the last three or four years built up that expertise so that we are able meet those demands. And I don't see our need to increase R&D any further than the kind of levels that we have it today in order to successfully meet the changing and evolving demands of the markets.
Luke Kissam: We are constantly having conversations with our customers. So I am not aware of anything where a customer has come back and said we need to sit down and have a discussion about price right now. I am just not aware that in this quarter. Maybe a small customer on edge is, certainly the major customers know. Certainly the major customers know.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. Let me take the second question first. The better second half is EV. From a lithium standpoint, it is Xinyu full qualification and ramping that production up. And it's the Chile brine, having the better brine, getting through that rain event, having enough brine to feed the plants to operate it at high capacity. It's operating. Can we operate Xinyu a little better than we have in the forecast? And then it comes down to continued strength of bromine. We have got another well coming online in bromine. And then we got big orders, you know the hydrotreating catalyst business is very little bit lumpy business. And if you look right now, the third and fourth quarter are big quarters for hydrotreating catalyst. Right now, we believe it is going to be a really big third quarter because of that. But those HPC orders always have a tendency to slight a little bit. So it's the second half. But that's what gives us confidence in the big second half. It's not a lot of price built-in across our portfolio for those. It's really all about the additional volume, the additional qualifications and the way the order patterns are set in HPC catalysts.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I would expect the EV sales to continue on the trajectory that you have seen from 2016 to 2017 and 2017 to 2018 and 2018 to 2019 is what I would say. We don't see any evidence from the order pattern of our big customers or from what we are seeing in the models that are being rolled out by the EV makers or by the automotive OEMs that are going to change that direction. You still are going to see continued growth in the EV sector in 2019. I don't know what that number is going to be. But I think you will see a continuing trend of what we have seen in the past.
Luke Kissam: Yes. It's going to be roughly the same. We will give you an update on that. But if I was modeling that right now, it would be roughly the same, assuming that we still have the good demand that we are seeing. If we don't have that demand from the customers, if we got issues with customers, we will certainly pull it back. But as of right now, the demand we are seeing from our customers would necessitate those investments and would give us the return on those investments as well.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. We are very confident. It worked at the lab quite well. It also worked in pilot scale from brines in the Salar that we ran it through. It's not new equipment. It's known equipment. There's not any specially made pieces of equipment or things like that. So we feel confident in our ability to execute this project. It allows for us to achieve about a 30% increase in the yield of the lithium from the same amount of brine being pumped in the Salar. So it's good for the Salar. It gives us a lot of unit flexibility and preservation of capital going forward. So that's the best place in the world to make lithium derivatives. So we are excited about that ability and we are moving forward. We expect to commission that sometime in 2021, I believe.
Luke Kissam: Yes. This is Luke. From an MRL standpoint, this is a great partnership to combine the mining expertise they have with the lithium hydroxide expertise that we have. And we are not buying this for this quarter or for the next quarter, but for the next 20 years to be able to drive the returns. And we are still confident in those returns over that period of time and we feel good about the deal.
Eric Norris: So Bob, this is Eric. In China, we are seeing pricing falling to what we would consider the cash cost of the high cost nonintegrated spodumene converters. So that price is one which, when we take Talison rock and convert it through a toller to carbonate, the economics just don't make sense. And so, as Scott alluded to in his prepared remarks, that's the volume we are pulling out of, let's say, opportunistic volume. That volume was either one of two kinds. It was either a variable price piece to an existing customer where we have a fixed price contract already in China and we have several of those. Or it was to a new prospective account that we would be developing for future growth, who we do not have a contract with that is of course anchoring their expectations on that price. So if you look at it long term, okay, I think this quarter has been a quarter that shows the strength of our long term agreements. We have had the fixed pricing and the minimum volumes that we have had in the contracts. All of our customers have held to those. They have taken their minimum commitments. And they have held to that minimum pricing for that we had. As you can see, our pricing was up 3% year-over-year when a number of other lithium companies were talking about price being down year-over-year. So again, this strategy is one that we thought through to shave off the highs and the lows and to get a quality return on what we invested. So we feel good about that strategy and they are long enough now that we have these contracts. The bulk of our carbonate spoken for under these long term contracts through the end of 2021. And we have the bulk of our carbonate spoken all away through -- sorry and the bulk of hydroxide, I apologize Bob, spoken through the end of 2025 at prices. So we feel very good about where we are in our ability and the respect and the legal significance that are given these contracts.
Eric Norris: Let me answer the last question first. It's kind of all over the board. It depends on the converter and their track record. So some is higher quality carbonate, some is lower. But to your point around cost structure, yes. Once you remove toller margin, right, because obviously the tollers we work with are earning a profit, the Talison converted product is going to be the lowest cost product in the marketplace, no doubt. With the toller margin though, that's what gets us close to being not profitable at current market prices and why we have pulled out. It is possible, certainly, that this could have a constraint on high cash cost producers. We will have to wait and see.
Eric Norris: Hi Josh. This is Eric Norris. I am going to refer to the comment Luke made. Qualification times for a company like ourselves that has using an existing plant or expanding a new brownfield next to it has an established track record with a cathode producers, that's a four to six months qualification process. We brought Xinyu II up in November, December timeframe. So we are always bucking up against that timeframe, right. And we were able to get certain customers qualified in time to get the product out by the end of March and make that buying in the quarter and now we didn't. So it's really just playing at the clock.
Eric Norris: Kevin, so this is Eric again. Our volumes are, as you know, under long term contracts. So the vast majority of our carbonate volumes and even almost all of our hydroxide volumes under long term contracts with fixed prices and the have a floor associated with them. So our mix is going to be representative of the production mix we talked about. It is going to be close to 30,000 tons roughly of hydroxide and 40,000 tons of carbonate that we are putting into the market on a rounded basis and are confident to being able to sell that at current prices that we are seeing in the first quarter. It is very high going forward.
Eric Norris: Yes. So, we see a market that and we forecasted this a couple of months ago there is maybe 60,000 ton market going forward and it is not a big part of what is sold today. It is included in and part of the long term contracts we do. The Koreans and the Japanese and I believe the Chinese as well, although I can speak more directly to the first two, have volumes of our products that are sold and used in grid storage applications. And so, we monitor it carefully. It's an intriguing market. But we don't see it being the driver that EV market will be.
Eric Norris: Yes. So I am not sure what data you are looking at out of Chile. But what I would say is, the way we go to market, that's a transfer price from Chile, from our Chile entity to a U.S. entity that then turns and sells to the products. So you did not view the Albemarle export data as the final product that we sell to the customer at that price, okay. So then if we look at carbonate longer term, what we said is, in Asia, there has been some pressure on carbonate pricing in the first quarter, largely due to some excess spodumene that the converters have over there. If they are able to convert and they are willing to sell at a lower price than what we have seen over the last couple years, that will over time dry up. The market will continue, as we always have said, the market will relatively balanced through here to 2025, but there will be pockets where you have oversupply, pockets where you have undersupply. And what we are seeing right now is a pocket, where particularly for carbonate in many of the non-EV uses we are seeing some downward pressure because of this excess carbonate. But I think long term, the market is going to remain in balance. And in fact, some of that carbonate is going to have to convert to hydroxide demand or we will not have enough hydroxide capacity to meet the demand for these battery makers on that chemistry over the long term.
Eric Norris: Yes. I would just add, David, that we haven't talked a lot about supply. Supply, our expectations as compared to where we were three months ago on supply are very different. South America production is going to be nearly flat year-on-year once you consider the broad impacts of rains that impacted all producers, we believe. Some have probably talked about it, including ourselves and SQM's outlook for production this year. You then turn and look at the other side of the world in spodumene production, it's taking longer for some to get to market and we would expect that the economic values being achieved by the time it's converted to a carbonate salt, is not sufficient to drive a lot more interest in putting more capacity to market. So will it last the year? I am not going to contradict Luke's comment at all. But I think we need to look at, on a long term on multiyear basis, the impact of the supply and what we are seeing. And therefore we see supply going out beyond this year being a lot more balanced with demand.
Eric Norris: Okay. So let me first point out you didn't ask, which is through 2021 and we have got charts we have put out over the past few quarters, we are 80% contracted out through that period of time on carbonate, which hits our target exactly. I will be candid, there are not a lot of discussions in the current market about contracts. We don't have any contracts that need to renew that are going to renew this year or next of any material size. And as a result, given where pricing is and given the expectation of how we think the supply and demand relationship will play out, we are engaging in those discussions in due course, but not imminently.
Eric Norris: Okay. So this is Eric. So let me start with the last question first. From our standpoint, you know and I indicated earlier, we are largely completely, nearly sold out for hydroxide. So it is not going to affect our pricing this year or for years to come, we believe. Our pricing is fixed at prices that are just a bit higher as witnessed in the first quarter than last year this time. And we expect to be largely flat for the balance of the year. And if the market improves, there might be an opportunity for us to increase some of these contracts. but we have the floor in all of these contracts. So as to your question about what's going on in the broader market. Well, there are different kinds of quality of hydroxide, right. The hydroxide is sold broadly for the grease applications or even for certain lower energy dense applications LFP, may not be at the same standard of quality that's used in high nickel chemistries and we see that as a result, if you look at some the relationships with the large battery producers, that's where only a few people can play in these high nickel chemistries including Albemarle. So there is a tow-tier market. The compression though of the spread, back to what we consider more normal spread of about $1.50 to $2, which has happened between carbonate and hydroxide has been largely about of there being some excess hydroxide from other producers that aren't under long term contracts. That's largely in China that's driven back in line.
Eric Norris: Right. So again, I would agree with you that it might favor longer some of the chemistries other than high nickel chemistries. With the more rapid drop in subsidizing some of the longer range vehicles, when I see more movement in cost to LFP to getting range with larger, less dense energy batteries. So that's a possibility. In our case, if you look at our product mix, that's neither good nor bad news, right, as long as the growth is there. And the first quarter illustrates that the growth is still there. We play in carbonate and hydroxide. And then finally, for us, we have always noted that our mix of business is more buyers outside than inside China. So while it does impact our business, this growth in EVs in China certainly, we are more tied to what happens globally with electric vehicles.
Eric Norris: Arun, hi, it's Eric. That's a good question. And as you know, China is a very opaque market and hard to tell. My theory and we discussed it, I discussed with my business team, is there's probably a level of destocking only because we can look at prior years and see that there was a high level of buying above demand, we believe, for feedstocks. In a market like this, if you are cash based, if you are running your business for cash, you have all that working capital on hand, you may exhaust it. It's just a theory. Hard to know, for sure. And maybe part of the aggravating factor as to why prices are where they are. But that's just a theory at the time being and hard to prove.
Netha Johnson: Good morning Adam. This is Netha. What we are seeing is basically a stable demand for flame retardants through the second half of the year. There is really an increased opportunity for our clear brine fluids in the oil and gas market based on offshore rig count increasing. So what we have done when we projected in our guidance forward is we basically removed the risk we had in the second half and projected that going forward to the mid single digit for the full year.
Netha Johnson: Hi. This is Netha. We have pretty good visibility into the orders. We analyze our backlog extensively. And we are essentially sold out. So we are in a good position to feel good about the orders we have and our ability to produce and deliver those orders. What we had in there was just a slight risk based on economics in the second half that we removed which improved our outlook for the year.
Netha Johnson: This is Netha again. I don't know if you mix is going to change, per se. We had risk built into the second half based on economic conditions we were seeing. Those are looking a little bit better now. So we removed that risk. But our fundamental sales mix shouldn't change throughout the year. Margins should be as we forecasted.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Mike, this is Scott. So as you look at Q2, we are expecting that bromine catalysts, even fine chemistry will be sequentially similar to Q1. And the growth that we see sequentially is really all coming from lithium. And so that's kind of how you look at it. And the big driver there, if you look on a year-over-year basis, while catalyst is going to have this big Q3, on a year-over-year basis it's actually going to be down in the second quarter. So you will see you growth. That's the dynamic that you have got to take into account as well.
Scott Tozier: Yes. This is Scott, Jim. So as look at, I am going to put them into two buckets. The first one is the rain event in Chile and it's about 50% of the shortfall that's coming from that and 50% was coming from the qualifications. The qualification delays. If you remember, we actually had qualification delays on Xinyu II as well as on the toll carbonate that we talked about and you can split those about 50-50 as well. So that's kind of 25% from toll carbonate delays, 25% from Xinyu II, 50% from the carbonate out of Chile.
Scott Tozier: Yes. Arun, this is Scott. So as you look at one of the impacts around the returns is going to be the spodumene sales that we have in the short term. And obviously with the pullback in spodumene pricing, we will see a little bit of an impact there. Fortunately, hydroxide is the big driver of returns. I mean, that dynamic hasn't changed. That's going to be all marketed under our long-term contracts. So we still feel very good about the returns.
