Luke Kissam: I think if you look at it on a year-over-year basis that’s kind of the range that you are looking at.
Luke Kissam: I think you will see nice pickup sequentially in catalyst but I also think we are going to have is we have tried to reiterate on the call, you are going to see some weakness in Fine Chemistry relative to some significant contracts that we won’t be running in the fourth quarter, we won’t have the benefit of and some cost absorptions. So, if you look at it, I don’t think that the increase in catalyst will be enough to overcome the weakness in Polymers and Fine in the fourth quarter.
Luke Kissam: Yes. If you look at our Bromine operating rates and it’s difficult to do, but if you look at our overall Bromine operating rates, they were in the third quarter kind of in the mid-70s for Bromine itself and I would expect that to drop probably to the mid-60s, mid to high 60s in the fourth quarter. If you look at our BFRs, BFRs are probably running in the range of – this is all Brominated Flame Retardants, probably at about 50% in the third quarter and I would expect to see that drop to the low 40s in the fourth quarter, which would mean obviously when you look at that that some of our (inaudible) we expect and those would run pretty hard in some of specialty Bromine run pretty hard in the fourth quarter.
Luke Kissam: Yes. I think if you look at, specifically Brominated Flame Retardants pricing, if you look sequentially in construction where we sell Brominated Flame Retardants in the constructions we saw a pretty significant decline in pricing. But it was really, if you remember in the last call we talked about a key raw material that goes into HPC called CDDT [ph], there was an explosion of one of the key raw material supplies in the third quarter that allowed, that there was tremendous demand that allowed some pricing there for people who really worried about whether or not they were going to supply. So, we have seen a drop down to what I would call a more normal rate, nothing for us to get along about long term from HPCD standpoint. As you typically see, Tetrabrom, you see a little nibbling around the edges, I would say, maybe sequentially probably 3% to 4%, something like that. But we are also seeing the evidence now of it tracked backup and that’s mainly in Asia. So, overall Brominated Flame Retardants seem to be holding well with those two caveats, David.
Luke Kissam: We do not believe that there has been any share loss for Albemarle from Brominated Flame Retardants standpoint. I am trying to figure out a way to give you guys a view on the level of the production and level of the sales. So, I want to go back and this is for all Brominated Flame Retardants. So, if you less index of the first half of 2009, if we index of the first half of 2009 and you look to the first half of 2011, Brominated Flame Retardants were at 186% of what they were in the first half of 2009, so almost doubled. During the third quarter of 2012, we were roughly a 120%, 130% of those volumes in the first half of 2009 and the fourth quarter will be down a little bit more than that. If you look at that on the edges, electronics would probably been a little bit better than that, construction probably a little worse than that in the quarter. So, I don’t think there has been any market shift from a market share standpoint. It looks like to us it’s all macroeconomics. But we are consistently watching it and making sure that we are bringing new products to the market that allow us to maintain that competitive edge.
Luke Kissam: Kevin, this is Luke. If I could find what steady state for that business was going to be based upon the demand that we see it, just jerks around so quickly based on where we are on that supply chain. But what I would tell you is, if you listen to the call here, we have got cost loss absorption of roughly $16 million to hit that business in the third quarter and we will have about $20 million to hit it in the fourth quarter to give you the kind of idea where we are looking to go with inventory in that business.
Luke Kissam: Yes, sure. We had a number of big customers in the Middle East who had shutdowns in the quarter related to turnarounds. So, multi-week turnarounds that impacted our volume there. They are back up and running and we are seeing the shipments resume. For one of them, it was actually tying where they are building another unit. So, in the longer term that will mean more volume for us as we keep that customer. So, as we look to that we are seeing everything in our order book and with our customers that would indicate that we are back on track and it just happened that those number of those customers all had their turnaround in the same quarter.
Luke Kissam: What I would generally say on that is, as we have said in the past, you got to be really careful about the mix issue on that. It’s complicated even further about that we got the raw material for (inaudible). So, if you look at where we are, catalyst base pricing from an FCC standpoint is holding very strong, sequentially enhancing any degradation of that and it continues to hold well. From HPC, we are seeing good pricing, we got a little bit of metal pass throughs from marle, nickel, and cobalt impacting the revenue lines, but that’s a straight pass through. So, I don’t have a whole lot of profitability impact. On PCS, pricing remain strong there. We have seen a little bit around the edges, but nothing substantial and it continues to be very strong and very profitable from an R&D standpoint. But Scott can go into a little bit more details.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think you will see – I think Fine Chemistry services is going to continue to see very nice growth. Over that I think clear brines, we’ve seen a pick up in the Gulf in September. So, we’re beginning to see some of those clear completion fluids orders. And clear completion fluids should have a very strong fourth quarter building to a very strong 2013. Continue to see good growth in that business, so I think Fine Chemistry services has some tail winds behind it that we feel really strong about it. And on those customs service’s contracts, the contracts are done and we know we’re going to get that volume. So, we feel really good that we can put that in the bank and go with it. We also feel good about the continued growth in our catalyst business. So I think you’re going to see that or return, once we get all this behind us and you’ll see that and probably there’ll be a little bit of roll over in the first quarter of 2013. But as a general rule, it should be behind us, and I think we’ll continue to see strong volumes in FCC and HPC in growth in our PCS business. We’ll have Korea coming on line in the second half of the year, which would give us a nice little boost there. So, I think there is some catalyst tail winds that we’re counting on and counting on both Catalyst and Fine Chemistry to grow past single, double digit type of growth in 2013, but again we’re working on the AOP and I’ll get more details to that to you in January launch.
Luke Kissam: Yeah. I think there is always room for cost cutting. If you look at what we’ve done across our portfolio, but it won’t be focused just on Polymer Solutions. If you remember in 2009, a lot of that plan C that we implemented was focused on Polymer Solution. And there is still good growth opportunities there. When that business, the macroeconomic trends turn right with the pricing and the cost position that we have in that business, every incremental pound contributes it is very profitable for us. So it’s a strong business, we’re looking forward to seeing it grow next year when we get some help from the economy, and I feel good about it overall. There is not another $160 million for me to go out there and cut loss. There is some cost savings that everybody would do from a common sense standpoint from travel, from incentives, from pay, from all of that, from hiring and replacing people. But I don’t have another $160 million that we can go out there and cut. It wouldn’t be the right thing for the business and to grow the business.
Luke Kissam: No, I think that long term that business is in great shape, we don’t see that there is an issue with shortness in the fourth quarter or shortness anywhere else and I think begins that they’ve always had a plan from an international standpoint to expand that business and position us to get assets outside of U.S. So we are working with that and hope we grow with that business and feel really good about it both in the short and long term.
Luke Kissam: I think that, if you look again from a flame retardant standpoint, we have some good opportunities and some additional markets for some new products that we’re pushing at it and we talked about in the past probably Gemini, Green Armor and some other products there that could be a nice growth over the next two to three years for us. If you look outside the use of the brominated flame retardants, we’re putting together a bromine task force and we’ve got together a bromine task force and that, the job of that group is to come up with new uses for bromine, not just the new flame retardants. We got a group working on that, but its what’s the another use for bromine and how can we drive more uses of bromine. And we’re excited about some of the possibilities of that still very very early stage, but a lot of good work and good thought process is going on in there. We don’t have a big market share of the mercury control market today and we’re not in the Section 45 in the U.S for mercury control with those clear completion fluids and until we get meaningful regulations in the U.S. and abroad that market is going to be slow. So I think we’re doing things in our specially bromide business, that we’ve seen nice growth there. We talked about that would drive new uses for bromine and this is just going to be a continuation of finding new ways, gaining some market in a cost effective manner that allows to grow uses of that molecule.
Luke Kissam: Hey Jeff, that’s a great question. If you look at the utilization rates for our brominated flame retardants, you remember we have delayed not just the start up but the commencement of the expansion of our tetrabrom expansion in Jordan. So we’re not bringing that online, we haven’t even started construction of that yet. So, we have postponed that tetrabrom expansion. If you look at Bromine and you look at Clear Completion Fluids as it’s growing, those capacity rates for clear completion fluids are getting tighter, and so we needed some additional clear completion fluids capacity, we got that, it’s coming online and it will be able to service the customers.  With respect to bromine it didn’t make any sense to expand clear completions without expanding the bromine at the same time in Jordan. I’m not aware of other announcements by ICL (inaudible) acquired are now some acquisitions to Salah Russel, so that would be some additional capacity that they would have, but that’s not a new capacity, it’s already out there. But I think that what we’re going to do and I can’t speak for the others is, I have no intention of flooding the market with bromine. We’re going to bring that online as needed to meet the demand. It is not going to be a situation where I feel compelled by any stress to run that at a 100% capacity on day 1 and we will not operate at that way.
Luke Kissam: From a volume metric standpoint, that’s the case. And one of the things that we saw in the third quarter in particularly, where FCC volumes were up, we had some customers buying ahead of a potential west coast strike that they were worried about in the third quarter. That strike has since been settled, but they were buying ahead of that. I think our HPC volumes this year will be relatively what they were in 2011, so pretty flat and we’ve made good head winds, good head way in the FCC markets, I think a lot of it is deals with the heavy resid and the cracking up there with the propylene yields that we are able to provide at higher output on the FCC catalysts, then in part some of our competitors have been. So, I think that crude slide is helping us there, it’s kind of in our sweet spot in FCC and HPC has been strong, it just hasn’t grown like FCC has from a volume metric basis.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I do. I think what you’re going to see is, you know remember there was a range and some of that was organic growth and some other was with an (inaudible). So, I am just talking about organic growth right now. And I think you’re going to see that the Fine Chemistry and catalyst are going to be on a trajectory to put it right in that gap where we talked about where we would be. And I think Polymers, the count is going to come back and we are going to see that growth to that business and when it returns, you’re going to see really really strong earnings coming out of that business, just like we had before. So, I’m still remaining confident that we’re going to be in the sweet spot long term for vision 2015 strategy on what we said we’re going to deliver from each of our businesses.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think we’re still looking at acquisitions in the market-to-date but we’re going to take the same kind of measured approach that we have, and it fits within an overall strategy and grows out technological base. And it’s one that where it’s not going to loot our earnings and its going to be one that we think we can manage. I’m not going to go do an acquisition just because interest rates are low and we want to do one. We’re going to do an acquisition that makes sense for the strategy for this business to grow up to vision 2015 and beyond.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I think Kevin, overall for the company you are going to see as you do the calculations that our inventory days are holding flat right now at around 65 based on revenues, so days sales in inventory, which is higher than what we would like it to be. Normally, we would like it to be for the total company kind of in the mid-50 range and continue to become more efficient there. As we said on the call also, we have built some catalyst inventory on purpose in HPC, in particular, as we have a heavy fourth quarter shipments and we have some shutdowns for some turnarounds in HPC in the fourth quarter. For Polymer Solutions, we have also seen, as I mentioned we have declines, we typically like to see them kind of in the mid-70 range, maybe a little bit lower than that as they become more efficient. So, hopefully we will be at that level by year end.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I will just add. HPC is a difficult one because it’s very customer specific customized solutions. So, pricing is a difficult measure to have there. So, Luke is right, the base pricing is holding well. PCS is also affected by mix. We have got a lot of different products as that business grows, but again, the pricing seems to be holding well.
Scott Tozier: And look at that in the shorter term clear brine fluids, clearly one that we’re excited about, literally in the last week of September, where we had some significant shipments that helped us to deliver the results that we did and we’re expecting that to continue through 2013. The growth that we’ve seen in food safety as well as some of our industrial bromides like in water treatment are all showing really good signs of attraction and so all support over that bromine molecules. So, once the economy starts a turn around, we’ll see that flame retardant business pick back up as well.
Scott Tozier: I would just add too Jeff, that we’re seeing good growth internationally as those refineries are operating in India, Middle East and we’re seeing the benefit of that in FCC.
