Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. So, I mean, as we were expecting going into the second half, we were expecting that clear brines would be significantly down based on the CapEx forecasts that were out there, the completions that we're seeing. We're actually seeing somewhat better performance in the second half than we expected. And I think, as you go forward, it's holding up better, primarily on the back of the Gulf of Mexico as well as some of the deepwater fracking jobs that are in the Gulf of Mexico. Rest of world is still quite weak. There's some early signs of improvements in the rest of the world, but, at this point, too early to call in terms of how that all play out. We still expect based on the CapEx spending, the announcements from the service providers as well as the exploration guys that there will be continued declines in this business.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. So if you look at Surface Treatment's results for the third quarter, they are up roughly 16%, excluding currency that Shanghai JV contributed roughly 5% to 6% of that growth.
Scott A. Tozier: So, on the free cash flow comment, the $500 million midpoint is really for this year, P.J. We're actually expecting an increase next year. And a lot of that's on the back of reduced one-time costs, also the reduced interest costs that we have and underlying business performance including synergies. And so, all of those components coming together will allow us to grow our free cash flow next year in a variety of different business conditions. So we feel good about that lever continuing to show through next year. And, Luke, do you want to talk about the...
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. So pricing is up low-single digits on a year-over-year basis, consistent with what we've had in the past.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. I would just add that the whole organization has coalesced around this challenge around supply chain and leveraging that scale that Luke talked about, and that's really where a lot of the additional savings are coming from. And as Luke said that, we do have additional savings in the reorganization as well. As we go into next year, you're going to see a bigger impact from supply chain than what we have, as well as the impact to some these reorganization starting to take – starting to hit our P&L as opposed to what we had in this year.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. I don't know that we can quite there from an unadjusted basis. We will still have some costs related to synergies in our numbers next year, somewhere in that $75 million to $100 million range. We still have some of the one-time tax payments related to the restructuring we did the Rockwood acquisition of around $30 million to $40 million. Those are going to be drag on our next year's actual reported free cash flow. But that underlying – without those one-time, we'll see a meaningful growth. And obviously, on a reported basis, we'll see significant growth in those numbers.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah, on the foreign exchange, I haven't really fully modeled that out yet, because obviously you've got some moving parts even as we speak today. But as you look at the 2015 numbers, a lot of the foreign exchange impact in total occurred in the fourth quarter of last year as well as early first quarter of this year. So, I'm not expecting a huge impact going into next year, although there will be some. We'll have to see as the Fed and the ECB starts to make their decisions here in the fourth quarter how those numbers start to change though.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. Talison, on the quarter, we were probably in – on a year-over-year basis, probably kind of mid-single digits millions of dollars, maybe high-single-digit millions of dollars overall. Normalized margins for lithium. We continue to expect that to be in the high 30%s, as the product portfolio continues to shift toward battery grade. And as you know, we're doing some of that tolling work out of spodumene from Talison as well. That will affect the margin rates. Although, we continue to expect very healthy dollar growth rates in that business.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. The guidance, I mean, the accounting rules related to disc ops changed at the beginning of this year, and at this point in time, these businesses did not qualify for that kind of reporting. So, obviously, we had looked at that, but it's one that – they just don't qualify. So we can't put them in there. But as a result of that, obviously, we're trying to split out the impacts so that you guys have a clear view as to what's going on, at least as clear as we can make it for you.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah, I would say that we saw a little bit of a decline in bromine like we talked about. We saw some impact from foreign exchange fully offset by positive synergy activity.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. Let me – I think on that one, Bob, it's going to recover. They've got to change them out. And they've got to run the units, so that they can't change that. I think if you listened to some of other calls, if – the heavier is it, they have to change out sooner, the distillates and VGO where were stronger, they can delay longer. So, our hurt has been a little more painful than others. But I think, as we've said, I would expect 2016 to be a better year than 2015 for CFT. I don't see it getting any worse.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, from a La Negra plant, we're in the process of start-up. And as we've said, you ought not been modeling much in the way of revenue, any material way till the beginning of 2017. We've got long periods of time both for qualification and to get – it takes a long time to get from brine coming out of the ground to the evaporation process for us to be able to load the plant. So, from a La Negra standpoint for next year, I wouldn't – you ought not model a whole lot of revenue upside from lithium in that, more in the 2017 timeframe. There is no timetable to pull the trigger on the spodumene plant per se. If you want it online in 2019 or 2020, which is the path that we're working on, we'll have decision points along the way, but we've got 12 months or so before we have to make that type of decision. So, it's a 2016 type of decision and we're doing work now to ensure that we're able to make a decision both on timing, location, size, everything else. So, that will be a 2016 type of decision.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. No, no, there's constantly brine in the ponds, but the ponds are in the salar, but, yes, they're in Chile. So, we have it in there as well. But you've got a – that was for existing capacity that we have down there. So, this additional capacity, we need more brine, and we're in the process of ensuring that that's in the pond and we've got enough to allocate where it needs to be.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, it could always backfire. I mean, I think we've been clear that we've lost volume. We've lost volume in the bromine world. And we've got to price for value. So, you can't ever second-guess those decisions. We've got models that indicate and we can show you how today we believe we're better off financially from raising the price. If you look at our expectations for bromine at the beginning of the year, it's overperformed. A piece of that outperformance is the increase in pricing that we've been able to achieve, and a piece of that has been clear completion fluids have been stronger than we anticipated. So, I don't look back on it and think it was a bad decision. I think you've got to be able to adapt to the marketplace and you got to get value for your products or there's no sense coming to work.
Luke C. Kissam: It's – all I would have would be anecdotal on that. I mean when you're losing volume, if you're losing volume, you're losing it to somebody. So, you got to listen to the other conversations that are having on the analyst calls and see whether they are up or whether they are down or what they are. And then I think, end of the year, you always see a little weakness in bromine. So, we see that every year, people start taking down the inventory levels and that – and people are generally worried about what's going on in the world and what's going on in China, are we getting ready to roll into a problem. So, they don't want to be stuck with a lot of inventory on year end. So, I'm not too worried about the bromine right now today. I think we're in good shape. Glad we took the steps that we did, and we'll play out to see whether or not this is a inventory adjustment that's going to pick up next year or whether it's true demand. And either way, we're going to be prepared to maximize the profitability of the business.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. If you look at it, we don't need to sell any of these business to hit our deleveraging target. So, it's not a question of do we need to sell something to hit our deleveraging targets? I'm confident that we will deleverage without the need to do that.
Luke C. Kissam: Hey, David, I didn't say all competitors weren't supporting our price increase. What I said is, we're losing volume on price. So, I think that everybody has got a different situation, some people – Chinese are moving it at cash cost. And their cash cost hasn't gone up as the amount of our price increase. So, we knew there's a risk that we were going to lose it. We've essentially lost, Matt, I'd say just about the bulk of our volume that goes into China particularly in flame retardants, we've lost that as result of the price increase.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So, it's – different people have different models. And we knew that going in, and we take that into account when we raise the price.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. There's not a whole lot of precautions I can take against rain, but what I would say is, we – the main issue that you have on – when that happens is you get – it dilutes the brine somewhat, but you don't get enough rain down there at those ponds that it really dilutes it. So, sometimes we have operational issues getting really – transporting the brine from the cellar to the Atacama to La Negra to be – because of the road, it's desert and a lot of dirt roads over there, but that's – we usually have enough brine at La Negra to do that, and we plan for it. This just happens to be I think one of the wettest years on record down there, but we have not seen any material impact from those rains other than some operational issues that we were able to fix in the plant.
Luke C. Kissam: On the demand, if the demand recovered, how much would the share losses be, what kind of – we had – we've lost a little bit of share, maybe a couple of percentage points, but it hadn't been that significant from the overall standpoint. And we'll pick up some too. The way that the CFT works on HPC is their bid – you have a higher likelihood for, if you have that first fill to get the second fill, but once you get to that third and fourth fill, it's really a bid process because they know how much that unit works and what the operating dynamics are, so they are more out to make a swap out there. So, it's more bid. I think next year we'll pick up some business. We always lose some business, we always pick some up, and we keep track of it. This year, we did lose a couple of share points, but I wouldn't expect it. It wouldn't be a significant detraction. On the free cash flow numbers, Scott, I don't know if we have that, can you...
Luke C. Kissam: Well, I mean, we've said we're going to get synergies. So if we get $60 million this year and we'll add a $120 million next year, that ought to be $60 million right there. So I – the way I think of it is the additional synergies kind of offsets the divestitures, or it should, and that's what we're expecting. And then, I think if you look at our overall businesses, we've talked about the Surface Treatment, we ought to have growth there. I would expect lithium to continue to grow with the demand and pricing. I would expect Surface Treatment to continue along its path that it's shown over the last five years from a continual growth. And then it comes – PCS has nice more like GDP growth and it comes down to bromine, and what I just don't know about bromine is, what's going to happen on completion fluids. Eventually, if these – if we keep seeing these projects – at some point in time, if we keep seeing these projects delayed or canceled, there will be a reduction in Clean Fuels – and I mean, in clear brines. I just don't – I don't know enough today to see where that's going to be. So bromine's probably flat to down next year and the rest of them I see growth. So I think, we'll roll out more – a lot more detail on that, Mike, in our next call, what our 2016 forecast will be with regard to EBITDA, free cash flow and items like that. But I think we see a path to be in good shape there.
Luke C. Kissam: I wouldn't say there's a whole lot of share gains there. I mean, this is a pretty – as we've talked about, it's a pretty – particularly for aluminum alkyls, that's a pretty tough market. We still need some pricing momentum there that we don't have. It's very, very competitive. Pricing has not been good from an aluminum alkyl standpoint. But we've done some shuttering of facilities, as you know, and the team has really worked hard to get cost right-sized of what that market is, because it – it adds a tremendous amount of volume. We've seen some growth in some of the lithium specialties that are in there. So, and curatives has done quite well. The competitor had a shutdown in 2015 that we've benefited greatly from that they're back up and running, their business is still doing fine. So, I think that, overall, it's just good, sound fundamental of operations, Mike.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. If you look across our bromine portfolio, remember, we did not include a price increase on clear completion fluids given the dynamics. So, the bulk of our portfolio we pushed through price increase, and I think pricing is up year-over-year about 6%. So, we had a 30% increase. Price is up about 6%. So, you can kind of see that model and we're losing volume. I don't see a whole lot of pricing opportunity going forward. We still got work to do to get this one included. So, I wouldn't model in a significant price increase for next year. I think we'll get the full-year benefit of what we've got year-to-date so far and wouldn't see much more opportunity in that, Jim.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. The bulk of the pricing is negotiated in the fourth quarter for the following year. And we are looking at trying – because the market is going to get really tight, we're actually exploring ways to enter into longer term agreements with customers who want to make sure they have the security of supply.
Luke C. Kissam: I mean all other businesses are performing about or either about like we said they were going to perform in July. The only delta for the second half of the year is custom services, that business that we're trying to sell. So, it's always, you can have a Clean Fuels or a HOU shipment that moves out one way or the other in or out and it can have an impact in Clean Fuels and clear brines. Obviously, the volumes on that, people, that can be really quick. But at the end of the day, all that's really built into our guidance. The thing that moved our guidance was the Fine Chemistry Services.
Luke C. Kissam: And maybe volume's up, I'm just not sure it's up double digits but it's up. So, it's a relative same question. I think what's happened is if you look, we've had this year-to-date six new FCC units have come online, gasoline demand in the summer was very strong and saw some really good addition rates. All those big new units coming online is meaning a volume increase and that increased demand means some of the other ones aren't coming offline. So we're seeing – I think across the industry, are seeing volume increases from the catalyst suppliers and seeing good opportunities to continue to do that. Now, I think long term, Dmitry, this is 3% to 4% -- it's based on what transportation fuels are, it's 3% to 4% growth. We've outgrown over the years, over the last few years because of our technology and the strength of our technology in these emerging markets and these new units that are being brought online where they're looking to handle that heavy resid feed and maximize their propylene yield.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. So, it'll be a total – let me – from 2014 actuals, we will have $60 million of savings in 2015. Those actions that we've taken in 2015 to get that $160 million, when you put them on a full year run rate basis, they add up to $85 million on a full year run rate basis, Dmitry.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think the answer there would be that it depends on how they're operating. So if they don't have to run hard, if they have benign operating conditions that weaker catalyst could last the same amount of time, it's just we – or you don't know exactly what's going to happen. A lot of can move in with moly and things like that and moving on moly price and it can make people buy different types of catalysts. So, overall again, I believe that next year will be a better year for CFT than what we had this year. It won't be back to the 2014 levels, but we'll definitely see improvements in CFT as we go forward.
Luke C. Kissam: It's hard to really pull that out and say is it that, because if we lost a unit, was it that we lost it because somebody was offering a cheaper catalyst or not. I would say that it was about – it would be more mix than it was delaying the change-outs.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Luke. Well, thanks for the question. You know that the supply-demand ratio that we are running at pretty high rates. Structurally, we see a strong market, new units coming on, as well as strong demand for gasoline, for fuels in general. So the combination of that strong supply-demand and the strong demand for end products create a positive atmosphere for pricing.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thank you, Luke. Let me put it straight. On a product comparison basis, it's not getting worse. However, what we do see is that refiners do select some lower cost or lower priced solutions and that has an effect on the reduced margins.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Thanks. On your first question, I think that the projections on the capacity utilization are correct that we are running at comparable rates. The order flow, hard to predict. We are strong in the polypropylene market and the propylene markets. You know that we ship primarily much in Middle East and Asian markets. Gasoline demands or orders from the U.S. are high also, so it's somewhat hard to predict on what's the exact outlook of next year's order pattern will be.
