John Steitz: David let me just give you little more detail around that. If you look at the whole brominated flame retardant business, prices year-over-year were up about 7% to 8% and even sequentially were up a couple of points. If you take out the mix effects like if I pull out tetrabromide for example, brominated flame retardants are up 20% year-over-year on a pure price basis. So right now I would say there is a growing concern about some of the raw materials, benzene, phenol there is an issue in Europe related to the CDT. So we are continuing to study that but I think as supply and demand balances out with an improved volume scenario we are keeping a strong eye out towards those kind of opportunities. So we will stay around on top of that but overall it's been very encouraging, especially through the volume declines over the last half of 2011 and everything appears to be lining up pretty well.
John Steitz: Yeah, David FCC pricing you know the big driver of course has been rare earth and the year-over-year pricing is up pretty significantly and that’s mostly a rare earth impact. Sequentially prices were down, the order magnitude about 10% and once again that’s all rare earth. So the way we look at it is over the course of the year our rare earth situation will balance out for us. I think we’ve done a really good job with our catalyst business of managing volatility around those kind of metals. Now with that said, I think we’re having some success of driving technology, driving some of the low rare earth alternatives and driving the heavier resid and higher propylene yielding FCC catalysts which is resulting so far this year in between a $100 and $200 improvement in base prices. So we’re hopeful that we can continue to drive that kind of the value especially with some of the global improvement in volume sourcing.
John Steitz: Basically, the Northeast is really hampered from a refining point of view, but the real growth in this business is outside the United States and Europe, P.J. We are seeing strong trends in Asia, excluding Japan and strong trends throughout the Middle East.
John Steitz: Yeah, well, last year I would say it was real very unusual because everything from with the exception in January once we came out of the Chinese New Year in 2011, our business was just strong, I mean just really, really strong. And so while going into this year, we are hopeful that that would be the trend; you know its of course moderated from 2011, but its been a nice uptick and we are getting I think this quarter off to a good start too. And then all the underlying trends and indicators are positive too, so its just all gives us a lot more confidence than where we were six months ago.
John Steitz: Yeah, on polyolefin catalyst solutions business, volumes were up really and nicely sequentially year-over-year flat, but our organometallic volumes are strong and we saw some nice sequential improvements and overall that helped to bottom line for us. So it’s a great start to the year and we’re seeing -- our view for the year is doubled digit volume growth year-over-year in that business; it’s a much smaller volume base business, I need no ramp up, but everything is very encouraging now, so thank you.
John Steitz: Yeah, like we said, brominated flame retardant volumes year-over-year last year the time record profit start to record volumes which built into second quarter, all time record volumes at that point and all time record profits. So that’s a comparable period. But you are right, the volumes year-over-year were down by about 15% to 20%. Mineral, which generally runs this quarter were pulling volumes to be at bars, but they were down about 10% year-over-year and stabilizers and curatives were down also year-over-year. So that comparable relation year-over-year is very, very difficult. Now we are starting to work through that. It becomes a less impact in the second quarter and we start to see more favorable comparables in the back half of the year and we are gaining confidence that that will be a reality.
John Steitz: Just year-over-year in the first quarter Jeff, in FCC, the FCC business we had nice volume uptick mostly due to a number of, a couple of large US customers who really struggled to operate in the first quarter of last year. So if you look at the revenue improvement year-over-year I will just give you a little color on that, about two-thirds of sales increase was volume related and about another one-third was rare earth. Okay so that hopefully frames that up for you. If you look at the sequential revenue decline, we've got a seasonal impact on FCC because when all these HPC issues or HPC turnarounds occurs they are not running the crackers and so the volume decline is on a similar basis, about two-thirds of that revenue decline was volume and about another one third was the rare earth decrease. So hopefully that will give you a little more color so you can frame it up. But over time I think we've done a good job of managing down inventories in FCC and where we can really manage this rare earth volatility much better. You might remember a few years ago, we got caught with on the molybdenum issue with way too high finished goods inventories, too high molybdenum and it became quite a striking event for us to handle. So I think we learned from those experiences.
John Steitz: Yeah I mean, prices in HPC tend to be between three and five times higher. So FCC pricing at 5000 a ton, HPC pricing would be you know 16,000 to 17,000 a ton. But we did see a little bit of sequential pricing improvement, but it was flat year over year.
John Steitz: HPC was up year-over-year and FCC pricing was up year-over-year mostly due to the rare earth, its pricing was up you know 20% to 25% year-over-year Jeff.
John Steitz: Yeah. We’ve had just a couple of real specialty bromine derivatives that have done really well. Dibromoethane is brominated organic obviously used in water treatment applications and [purple] bromine is a very high value brominated solvent used in cleaning precision equipment. And that, that product is very niche oriented, that when it's sold out, we’re pushing our units to produce as much as possible. The big volume driver in our Fine Chemistry business Kevin is clear brine fluids. So let me just kind talk about that. What I thought was really striking in our Fine Chemical business in the first quarter was that, we were able to achieve this result with actually kind of mediocre results in our clear brine fluids business. And so while it was above average, if you look at the volumes over a multi-year period, it was above the average. It was probably down 50% from last year and 50%, 40% to 50% sequential and we had a really strong start in our clear brine’s business in January and February, almost record volumes, but it fell down in March almost to nothing. Now we are, it's picking back up again, but I was really encouraged that we were able to do that without anything significant upside in clear brine volumes. So hopefully that gives you a little better understanding of those issues.
John Steitz: Well, just on a volume basis, we have been pretty delighted on the rebound and continuing improvement in our mineral flame retardant volumes, primarily in Europe. Our pricing has held firm which is good, minor year-over-year changes there due to the Euro but I have been, everything you read and hear about Europe, you will really think, things are really going to be destructive but the trends in our business are really encouraging there and it’s continued -- those volume sequentially is continuing to improve. So that’s good. The brominated flame retardant business Kevin overall, it’s not one particular area we’ve seen a lot of strength. They have all been sequentially just good momentum building products. But I’ll I tell you, I am encouraged by what we’re seeing in some of the indications for enclosures on televisions. It looks like those volumes are going to continue throughout the course of the year to improve. So that is, I would say, encouraging.
John Steitz: The mixed read is on tetrabromide. So we just haven’t seen a significant uptick in tetrabromide volumes. And so I think our basic read on that is customers are really watching inventory levels because of just the general uncertainty in the economy.
John Steitz: Yeah. Mike, I would say, you know, the volume increase and you know we came out of the fourth quarter really watching inventories, working capital, as you remember the cash generation was superb. So what we did as we saw volumes improve in polymers in January and February, I think we are able to supply seamlessly, you know, that increase in demand. And we did that, albeit, with a really, lets say, great management of spending. And so our supply chain really, I thought, adapted extraordinarily well to the increase in volume demand in a way that generated some really nice margins considering year-over-year, the lower volume level.
John Steitz: Yeah, you know, Mike, we have inherently a lower rare earths level and awfully high performing catalyst. I think, just generally, and this is just subjective. I think there's been less total push for rare earths, lower rare earths or zero rare earths catalysts, with an increasing emphasis on technology and what the products do. And I think that's overall really good for the catalysts industry in general.
John Steitz: Okay. If I look at overall Fine Chemistry, you know, we had a big uptick in Performance Chemicals. When I look at Fine Chemistry, when you really look at the volume decline, it is clear brine fluids in Performance Chemicals business and we also had a little bit of an issue related to our Ag intermediates, where one of our Ag intermediates customer withhold an organic product for them and we didn’t have that availability of the product; that cost is a couple of million dollars.
John Steitz: If you look at overall, our operating profit increased nicely year-over-year built on just really terrific performance in our Fine Chemistry Services business and I would say just average performance in Performance Chemicals.
John Steitz: Yeah, that is a raw material and a product called HPCD which goes into polyurethane construction foams Dmitry. And we feel pretty fortunate about our supply chain. But generally, I think its going to be really tight on the product, so we are continuing to evaluate that and how we react to that. But just generally it’s a company I mean we handle problems in challenges like this very well. So I think it could be a good opportunity for us too.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I can give you update, we continue to work on the technology in perfecting that technology. You know David every time you learn a little bit more in dealing with chemists, they got another question and they learned a little bit more and they want to ask a little more questions. So that process is still, we’re working well, we’re producing lithium carbonate, we’ve got our pilot plant at Magnolia, run and own the hot broad and we’re in the design phase right now. I think that’s more of a 2014-2015 time of commercial launch than a 2013 because we got to perfect it and design it and build it. So but it is still the strides, still looking forward to get into that market.
Luke Kissam: Hey P.J. this is Luke. I am sorry, we are having a very hard time hearing you, could you speak up please.
Luke Kissam: P.J., I couldn’t quite hear you. I think it has to do with volume issues around polymer solutions especially in flame retardants, if that is the case let me just kind of talk about volumes in general. In brominated flame retardants in the first half of last year volumes were extraordinarily strong, were sold out most of our units. Probably looking back now was an over-correction from volume declines in 2010. After that we saw all the US political issues related to debt ceiling and a lot of the European issues related to Italy and Greece and Spain and we saw a pretty significant volume drop in the second half of last year. What we are seeing now is an improvement sequentially in volumes broadly and we have seen that in the first quarter. We believe, we will see that in the second quarter. It will be still less than the first and second quarters year-over-year, but we believe that all the trends are positive. In mineral flame retardant, volumes were extraordinarily strong in the first half of last year as well. We saw them drop off precipitously in the fourth quarter, but they have returned in a very robust fashion in the first quarter of this year and the second quarter also looks like improving volume trends. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color, longer term we feel really good about of our safety in general and we can talk about that in greater detail at the Investor Conference in May.
Luke Kissam: You know they have improved from the back half of last year and we are probably running in the range of 80% to 85% now. 
Luke Kissam: Yes, there are, we've looked at a number of things that have got us excited and we just had been able because I can’t Bob being in a position where we’re going to do a deal that limits our ability for these wonderful organic opportunities we have. But I would expect over the next 12 to 18 months Bob you will see us do a deal. We are kicking a lot of tires and we are taking some steps to develop some relationships that would allow someone to be more comfortable in doing a transaction with us over that time for us, I mean it takes a little while to get people comfortable doing that. But we’re out there talking, we’re out there kicking tires and we’re active in the M&A market.
Luke Kissam: In 2009 kind of timeframe when we went back and look, when we did a restructuring, that was pretty heavy based in Europe. What we are really looking at now from a restructuring standpoint is assets. I mean, how our business performed and we have underperforming assets that we need to take action too. So there is enough of restructuring, anything we do from restructuring will be tied to what we would do with respect to any of these underperforming assets of businesses.
Luke Kissam: I think what we have always done is we have tried to talk to it in terms of two ways; one exclusive of JBC capital and two inclusive of JBC; because JBC if you look, we consolidate JBC so we have to include the CapEx for JBC as a part of our overall when you report it from a GAAP standpoint that’s how we have to report it. JBC this year will be roughly $100 million, we are not putting any additional cash into JBC; that’s all going to be funded from a standpoint of the JBC operations. So that’s $100 million of non-cash that we are putting there funded from JBC. Then if you look at our overall exclusive of JBC, we still believe we are going to try to spend that $180 million to $200 million in CapEx.
Luke Kissam: Yeah, I think that you summed it up pretty nicely, Mike. I mean that’s kind of how we look at it. If we felt a little bit better about tetrabromide volumes in second quarter, that uncertainly out there, kind of drives into that. So you could see a little bit of an upside one way or the other, but that pretty well lined it out the continued improvement over there, a little deterioration in catalysts and fine chemistry kind of rocking along. So that’s what it feels like.
Luke Kissam: That’s right Dimitry; and Dimitry I think one of the things, if you look at our Fine Chemistry Services, we talk about how that segment income doubled year-over-year and one of the reasons we label that, I think you got two effects. I think you’ve got a mix in both overall of that segment and you’ve also got a better mix within Fine Chemistry Services. So as you have that churn that we’ve talked about so much in Fine Chemistry Services, what we are doing is we are seeing as we are trading up to higher value, higher margin products that we are able to extract more value and the customers happy with it. So it’s almost a double mix effect if you understand what I am saying to Dimitry.
Luke Kissam: Let me try that for second if you don’t mind, the answer to your question is yes to all of that. I think the way I break it down is this is in 2009 when we had the downturn, we took significant efforts to get our cost right first of all and we’ve really maintained a focus on being low cost provider across that portfolio in HPC, SCC and particularly the Polymer Catalyst, polyolefin catalyst section. So one is cost, we’ve managed our cost. Two, we’ve gone in from an operating efficiency standpoint and really increased our productivity without adding capital and without adding people, so from a lean manufacturing standpoint, from the way we operate our facilities we are lot better than we were. Secondly, while the Rare Earth has contributed some, if you go back before we had any Rare Earth issue, we were hitting 30% margins in our businesses. So I wouldn’t contribute it to the Rare Earth issue or lack of issue what there is, but I think that long-term what you are going to see is from prices standpoint, from an innovation standpoint that we are bringing new products to the market from expanding into these high value organometallics and electronic material businesses that you see from a catalyst standpoint, we firmly believe and we told you when we did Vision 2015 that we were going to bump around at high 20s and hopefully get up to 30%. So we still think we've got some work to do there to drive up those 30% margins and we think we can maintain the way we've got the margins in the high 20% going forward over the course of Vision 2015.
Luke Kissam: Dmitry, it was in 2010. If you go back and look in 2010 we were popping up even before we had the Rare Earths. We had a couple of quarters where we had the right mix with HPC, SCC and polyolefin catalysts and we had the right kind of mix with an HPC and we were able to pop-up around 30% before Rare Earths ever came in to being.
