Kent Masters: Thanks Meredith. Thank you all for joining us today. On today’s call I’ll highlight our second quarter results and achievements. Scott will provide details on our financial results, outlook, balance sheet and capital allocation. I’ll then close our prepared remarks with an update on our operating model and strategic growth projects aimed at further strengthening our long-term financial performance and sustainable competitive advantages. Albemarle’s leadership position in Lithium and Bromine, coupled with our team’s ability to execute to the current inflationary environment led to another led to another quarter of strong results. In the second quarter, we generated net sales of $1.5 billion nearly double the prior year. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $610 million was over three times the prior year. Continuing the trend of EBITDA significantly outpacing sales growth. The supply demand balances remain tight in the markets we serve. Strong market prices and our continued success in contract renegotiation drove the tremendous strength we're experiencing in our lithium business. As a result, we are again raising our 2022 outlook and now expect to be free cash flow positive for the year. Scott will review the key elements of that outlook later on in the call. We are also successfully executing our growth strategy. Our Kemerton I lithium conversion plant in Western Australia achieved first product in July. I want to especially congratulate our teams in Western Australia for their hard work and dedication and achieving this goal. And lastly, we made a major announcement regarding plans to build an integrated lithium mega site in the United States. This will support our western expansion and the development of the battery material supply chain in North America. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to walk through our financials.
Kent Masters: Right, so the two sides are slightly different scale. And so Kings Mountain is significant site, Silver Peak is smaller, but still the expansion is important. I mean, that is the only we're kind of lithium sourced in the US today. But at Kings Mountain, we're early in that process. We're still in pre-feasibility. So we've got to do permitting. But we have done a lot of work already. We've done all of the drilling necessary, well, we continue to do some of the drilling to make to understand the resource at Kings Mountain. But we still got to do permitting, we've engaged with the community. We've been doing community meetings for almost six months now maybe not quite six months early in the year that we started that process with public meetings, we've opened an office in the town so people can come in and ask questions. So we really engaged with the community early on. And we're working on the permitting processes that we have to go through but it's in pre- feasibility study. We feel confident we'll be able to get there at Kings Mountain, but there's a lot of work to do, including all the permitting.
Kent Masters: Yes, well, I think it's what we've really always talked about from an M&A standpoint. So we seeking virgin assets that we think are attractive so we would do that consider as a bolt-on technologies if we see technology to help us so direct lithium extraction, could be part of that. And then resources. So we continue. We're good on resources pretty close to the end of the decade. But we need to be planning now to build out our resource base past that. So I think those are the three primary categories.
Kent Masters: We're working with our customers. And we're being very aggressive about adding capacity. So I think you see that in our investment plans, and they're coming through now. And we get better at that. So the period, when those come on, we're able, we believe we're able to execute better from a conversion. We're good on resource for a number of years. But we still need to add that. And we work with the customers to do kind of unique arrangements. We're having conversations with those but with our customers about those, but they have to work for us. And we're working towards some arrangement like that. So and they may or may not come to pass. I am not again say that because those are conversations and discussions that we're having. But we're in those discussions. And we're committed to build capacity to serve the customer base over the long term.
Kent Masters: Yes, so I mean, look, where we've just -- we made first product last month, and we're just starting to ramp up. So I think the key thing for us, when we were able to make product and are comfortable with the quality, it means that our process chemistry is right and so there are no surprises really around the kind of core process chemistry around that. So that was a big milestone, that's kind of the first big hurdle that you want to clear. And then now it's just getting everything run at scale, and get purities up to the, to our specifications. So as you kind of run in a new plant, we continuously see that the spec on battery grade material is very high. And so it just takes a little bit of time to get to that and it takes volume to do that. So it's just about ramping up. We feel very good about the process chemistry and that we that the plant will be a good operating plant. It's just that we need a little bit of time to ramp it up and get to those purities we need and then we have to go through the qualification process with our customers. So that's on the doubt. That's on the first train second train is still on schedule that we've indicated in the past and the learnings we had on train one we've stumbled a bit on train one with issues and getting it there. We think, we -- as we saw those we've rectified that for train two. There are still labor issues in Western Australia but I think we're through the worst of that, because we're past most of the big construction elements of it. So now we're into commissioning on one and just finishing up construction on two. There's still labor issues in the operating facility to some degree, but that's kind of business as usual in Western Australia, I would say.
Kent Masters: Well, we're having discussions with people, but we're not, I would say, we're not very far down there. We're not locked anything in and we have some ideas around some unique models. And we're having conversations with people about that.
Kent Masters: Yes, so I mean it's a big part of the conversation. And it's about recycling, creating a recycle loop through the system. It is the years out, but we have to design it in. And so we think we can build the -- we'll build it in phases, but that ultimately will operate a recycled facility, the lower volumes at time, but we'll have time to ramp that up and really learn how to use that optimize that. And that would kind of be our facility that we would learn off as well. So it's part of we're trying to think ahead and design that and design that into a facility so we get scale with the other operating facilities and have the benefit of having an operating plant next door.
Kent Masters: Yes, so I think I mean, we've talked about this for a while. And we've always said we're not sure where this ends up, it is a little bit about how our customers want to contract and then the direction that we're trying to go. So what you're seeing in that is just how the math is evolving. So we've had -- we've upgraded, we've changed contract from those fixed. But remember, the fixed prices adjust over time, so they are not really fixed. And we're trying to shorten that period that we as they adjust. So I'm not -- I don't really want to call the mix. I mean, we had one time said we thought it might be a third, a third, a third between those categories. And it's turned out to be quite different. We do want to have some in the spot category that gives us flexibility. But I don't know, it's hard to say where it goes. We're not necessarily absolutely driving it to that variable price. But we kind of liked that model where it's index referenced and variable. And I think our customers are getting comfortable with it as well.
Kent Masters: Well, I think we've migrated our philosophy around pricing contract over time. And we talked about that quite a bit not that's coming to fruition. They are unique models we've been having. We've had discussions for years with people about prepayments and investments and things like that. We've not done that yet. It's not that we're opposed to it. That has to fit in our philosophy, and it has to work for us. And that -- and it's probably more relevant a few years ago, when we needed more cash for our investments and tool. It's less important for us today. But we're still open for those investments, but we consider them strategic as part of a relationship and not just because we need to cash.
Kent Masters: Yes, well, I would. I mean, it's a philosophy, but they are widening and going up. So there, it is definitely not narrowing so widening. And they're moving up. I guess that's our philosophy.
Kent Masters: So they'll probably be some volume coming through Wodgina in the second half, but it's not, I don't think it is material. So that'll start impacting in ‘23.
Kent Masters: So I think that I mean, if I understand your question from a volume standpoint, right, so there'll be -- it's ramping up at La Negra and Kemerton and some tolling volume. So it's -- we'll be producing tolling from Wodgina and ramping up at the facilities at Talison. And so it's pretty much within our control. So that's even put the risk however, you categorize each one of those, but it's probably we don't have to do anything extraordinary to get that. We have the plants that we built and now starting up, have to run and produce it volume. And then we just continue to ramp up La Negra, and we're going to have some toll volume and some of the Wodgina product before we're able to build conversion. So that that might be -- we've got -- the tolls we're using we use before. It's new product form. So there's a little bit of risk in that, but not -- it's not extraordinary.
Kent Masters: Yes, I mean, look, it's money that's available strategically. It's in right, and we're working on that. So we're -- nothing that we can -- nothing we can announce today. But we're working on it.
Kent Masters: So let's just I mean, Wodgina, I mean Wodgina, we are running Wodgina today, we're ramping up. But we will eventually told that we'll pull that volume until we get plants on that we can process through that. Kemerton is just it's a matter of ramping we've and we've kind of we've said historically, we bring a plant on we kind of our planning is we give it two years to run the full capacity, now we would hope to beat that. But that's kind of what we built in. That's how we build into our planning processes. And I know the other was about Talison. So that oh, that's the expansion, CGP2 is operating, and CGP3, which is the next one is we've broken ground on that. So we're ramping up. We're, CGP2, we're commissioning and ramping up, and we've just broken ground on CGP3, I think that's the right.
Kent Masters: Yes, so I'm thinking and again, it's prefeasibility. And it's still we're trying to make sure we understand exactly the resource at Kings Mountain. So we're doing more work on that. But we think that we could feed that mega, flex facility with Kings Mountain plus recite ultimately at steady state with recycled material that get to the scale that you're that you referenced 100,000 tons a year.
Kent Masters: So Eric can talk about the tolling, but just on spodumene, I mean, we're just being a little more flexible, that's a bridging strategy that we've not changed strategy long term about selling spodumene, we want to convert and sell to our end customers, the products that they use, the lithium salts. So if we have -- if we ramp up plants, you can't do all this perfectly right between conversion and mine. And we've decided to push the resources in advance to the mines because they have longer lead times typically. And we get them up and operating and if we've got resource available before we have conversion capacity will either toll it or we'll sell spodumene rather than let it and sale on the ground.
Kent Masters: Right, so that may, look, we're not going to call the long term price, because that we don't know that. And I think it will move up and down, it's not going to just go, not going to sit where it is forever, that's probably pretty confident in saying that, it will move around over time. But we see the market being tight on lithium for pretty long period of time, and then there might be periods like periods of oversupply, and that we see that several number of years out, but then that disappears pretty quickly. Soo we model that I'm sure all of you guys model that and everybody has their own opinion on it. But prices are going to move, they're going to move around. And we're not -- we can't call it. We do know that the cost to produce to get to the volume of the market needs goes up quite a bit from what we see the cost curve today, out over time, could it move into the 20s and 30s? At some point? It absolutely could. But we still -- we see the market being tight for a pretty long period of time. [Multiple Speakers]
Kent Masters: Well, I think, well, we're thinking -- we think about it as a longer term to get to the volumes the market needs over time. So new capacity coming on. And some of that is about the quality of the resource, where it is, the technology that you need, or even to develop in order to bring that to market. So we don't publish what our view of the cost curve. So we're not, I'm not going to talk about those particular numbers. But I think from our view, it's moved up over the last several years. And as the market requires more and more volume, it will continue to move up.
Kent Masters: Okay, thank you, Nadia. And thank you all for participation on our call today. The momentum we are experiencing in ‘22, combined with our pipeline of projects strongly positioned us to execute on profitable and sustainable growth for the longer term. I'm confident in our team's ability to drive value for all stakeholders by accelerating our growth in a sustainable way and to lead by example. Thank you for joining us.
Eric Norris: Good morning, Chris. It's Eric here. So what we've been able to do, just to recap this year is we've been able to renegotiate contracts that have opportunities for reopener or with customers who are seeking additional line commitments in the out years. And in order to entertain those discussions we've opened up, have been able to ask for higher prices on legacy contracts. We don't have any contracts that are expiring anytime soon. Most of our book of businesses is committed, we're very tight in the next year or two as we anticipate bringing on new capacity from some of the projects I can't describe. But that doesn't mean we won't have opportunities, there might be still some contracts that shift, the big thing that's happened in the past year has been the movement to know having two thirds under our index reference variable price, whereas the foremost that was fixed. Now our movement is going to be very much driven by market prices and some potential changes on the margins, but few contracts, or potentially, if prices remain where they are some resets on some of the fixed prices, contracts.
Eric Norris: I'm sorry, David, just to make sure I understand your question. You're wondering how they compare now the prices versus back in Q2. Sorry to ask --
Eric Norris: Oh, okay. I'm sorry, we don't give enough detail and disclose that. But I will say that you know spot prices you would know by looking at indices are, they vary, but currently in the low 60s, and in China, they're actually some of the -- some contracts in outside of China are even higher now at $70. We are not there yet on our index pricing, which is one of the reasons our guidance and prices stay where they are, we could continue to have a rising mix, increase in our variable based contracts.
Eric Norris: David, we have not given out any costs yet, since it's really prefeasibility. So timing wise, it's going to be later in the decade when that would come online, clearly, it needs to have a feedstock. With a mine, that's probably the long pole in the tent.
Eric Norris: Yes, there's no deviation from the strategy, as to your question about the availability of tolling volume. There's still a healthy market of conversion capacity being built or operating in China without available spodumene to source against that. So it varies by year. And China's and a lot of these projects, it can be opaque. Sometimes you get the exact numbers. It's a big market, but it can be sometimes 60% to 70% utilized. So that implies that there's capacity out there in fact, we know this we are tolling now that's available or coming on, that we can take advantage of. But that is a bridging strategy to our own conversion assets and one would you prefer to do as opposed to selling spodumene directly into the market.
Scott Tozier: Yes, I think what's also unique, Chris, just to add is that we are speaking with OEMs, and battery companies on three different continents. Out in the out years, as you saw on the charts, we're looking towards Europe. So that's the further south, where we are established well now is in Asia. And where we've announced next we're headed is North America. And we've got the resource bases can't describe to be able to do that. So between that localization, which is very important to these OEMs and battery producers, the sustainability and principles in which we operate. And then some of the new technology areas we're focused in for next generation technology. The partnerships we strike are going to look -- are going to be at par with one of those dimensions. And we're not in a position where we need to raise capital. So we can look at and have been discussing with various producers, various OEMs, upfront and potentially forms of investment. But that's not a requirement for us. We don't need that capital. It would only be something we do as part of a broader deal to advance our strategic agenda and help our customers win in the market.
Scott Tozier: Yes, James, I think that the big difference is this upgrade has been purely driven by price. So you're seeing that drop through. And we're not seeing the same impact from spodumene which was a drag. So the spodumene price increases was a drag on our earnings in the last guidance. As you look at free cash flow, we continue to see improvements. They're driven by the growth in EBITDA and we're because of some of the tolling efforts that we're doing, we're actually absorbing some of the inventory that we didn't have before. So seeing a better working capital profile as a result.
Scott Tozier: The other moving piece that as you look at that chart between different presentations is of course, where the market indices are. And so that can drive some mix shifts in those percentages, as you go forward.
Scott Tozier: Can I just add the other component is just the Qinzhou acquisition. So we start to close that. So it's progressing well. But again, there's potential risks but that just doesn't close.
Scott Tozier: That's correct. CGP3 would come on and would be available on several years. And it would support some of the capacity expansions that are in one of our charts to talk about. Further China expansion comes in three, four. And then of course, as you already pointed out, Canada, the MARBL joint venture, some of those China plants, at least one would be a part of the joint venture potentially, and we would take that material.
Scott Tozier: You had another question that had to do with cost in the vehicle and technology. I mean, as you know, lithium is a small part of the cost of the battery. But it is seen as significant, as you pointed out escalation its costs over the past year. I think the other phenomenon that's important to note is the technology phenomenon around innovation and driving out. But longer range, energy density and penetration doesn't come from lower cost raw materials, it comes from innovation and energy density and more dense materials. So that's the movement towards higher nickel. That's the movement towards more elaborate chemistries on the anode side, and maybe potentially someday solid state. So those innovations are well and continue down that experience curve notwithstanding the price of lithium, which again, is a fairly small part of the cost of the battery.
Scott Tozier: So, first of all, Lawrence on the tolling, I would say, we're evaluating that now there's, as per the earlier question, there's capacity in the marketplace. And we will have spodumene coming from MRL, the MARBL joint venture and our partner with MRL that we can put into the market. So it could flex upwards from the guidance that we have here that is possible. Our margins are slightly less, because you're paying several dollar a kilogram sort of see over what our normal costs would be. But obviously, at current pricing, that's fairly immaterial in the scheme of things. And then your second question, Lawrence was around recycling going downstream. I think we're looking at this now that we believe, if you look at what it takes to process black mass to various mineral components, and many of the unit operation, in fact we more than believe we know that many of the unit operations are very similar to what we do throughout our company and certainly in lithium. Many of the technologies are practiced in our existing operations to process mineral resources we do. And so other than just that last step processing to battery grade lithium, we're evaluating just how we partner, invest and develop that supply chain, which will be a regional effort from region to region, because it's very regionalized business recycling is. And so we're in that and well, as we develop that strategy further. We'll obviously share more details of that in future.
