Kent Masters: Thanks, Scott. I’ll end our prepared remarks on Slide 18, outlining our 2022 objectives aligned with our long-term strategy. First, we will continue to grow profitably. This means completing our Wave II expansions and progressing Wave III expansions to grow lithium conversion capacity and volumes. We’ll also focus on safely and efficiency starting up those facilities. Next, we will continue to maximize productivity, and this is even more important in today’s environment with rising cost for raw materials. We will leverage our operational discipline to offset inflation through manufacturing excellence, implementing lean principles and embracing smart technology to improve HSE, cost, reliability and quality. Our procurement cost-saving initiatives and manufacturing excellence projects will be key to offsetting higher raw materials and freight cost as we work to achieve adjusted EBITDA margin of between 27% and 29%. We will invest with discipline. As Scott discussed, portfolio management and maintaining our investment-grade credit rating are both high priority for us and will continue to be a focus in 2022. Importantly, we plan to complete the catalyst strategic review later this year, which will maximize value and set that business up for success while enabling us to focus on growth. Finally, we will advance sustainability. That means driving progress toward our goals for greenhouse gas emissions and fresh water use and setting additional sustainability targets. We’ll also continue to work with our customers to improve the sustainability of the lithium supply chain by completing our mine site certifications, Scope 3 greenhouse gas assessments and analyzing product life cycles. So with that, I’d like to open the call for questions, and I’ll turn it back to Michelle.
Kent Masters: Okay. So I’m not sure, volumetric impact – so you’re talking about our Wave III expansions when we see those volumes coming on? Is that...
Kent Masters: Yes. So, we brought it forward because of the Meishan, Zhangjiagang – the acquisition Zhangjiagang. So that was not – we were hoping to do an acquisition. The hadn’t plan didn’t have that, nailed down at the – when we did the equity raise and the comments that we made then. So that brought it forward. And we’ve increased the capacity about 50,000 tons in that Wave. So the timeframe has been pulled a bit forward because we’ve confirmed that acquisition, and then we’ve increased that Wave by 50,000 tons. And as we said before, the two greenfields we think will be on by the end of 2024.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I’ll just – at a high level, and Eric can give you a little more detail on it. But I think we’ve talked about it. We want to have a portfolio across the range of those projects. So, we’re not tying up all the volume on long-term fixed contracts. But we do want to have that element of it. It’s becoming a probably a bigger part. We’re probably fighting to make sure that we keep the portfolio the way we envision it.
Kent Masters: Yes. So we’re – I mean we’re in the middle of that. So, I don’t really want to front run the discussions that we’re having with our joint venture partner. But I mean it’s really about – it’s expanding it to giving us more reach and mitigating some of the risks that we see in the marketplace by sharing it with a partner.
Kent Masters: So there are a couple of dynamics happening there. So first is, we’ve been aggressive around pricing given inflation coming through. And in the first quarter, we’re selling out of inventory where that inflation has not actually hit our cost base yet. So – and that’s true across all of our businesses. So that inflation catches up to us in the back half of the year, and we’ve already implemented pricing. So that there’s a lull on that. And then it’s really the same answer on lithium. That’s across all the businesses, but particularly in lithium, spodumene prices have gone up dramatically. In the first quarter, we’re selling out of inventories, which have 2021 costs. And in 2022, those cost increases come through the P&L. And that was the dynamic Scott was talking about, where our EBITDA becomes tax-affected because it’s minority interest from JV income. Because even though we’re protected from those spodumene prices going up, it shifts from being in our peer EBITDA minority interest, which gets added to EBITDA, but on an after-tax basis. So those are the – really the two drivers for why the first quarter is the highest EBITDA level.
Kent Masters: I’m going to take the second question first and then probably talk to Eric for the first. But – so what we define – I mean the Waves are really just – those are our definition of projects. So nothing else is going to change. It’s not going to move North America from IV to III, because III is defined, and we’re well into execution on those projects right now. And we’re still defining exactly what we will do in Wave IV. But we would – we look to accelerate those, but they’ll still remain in Wave IV.
Kent Masters: So, I mean, I think you have to appreciate we’re bringing on new plants. And when we bring them on, they’re not loaded, right? So there’s a lot of – we’re doing multiple facilities doing that. So there’s high fixed costs associated that with lower volumes. But other than that, I mean, the pricing movements are pretty aggressive and pretty consistent. We’ve moved our portfolio quite a bit. We’ve been talking about that, and we’ve more or less done that. So, we’re more exposed to the market than we have been in the past. But I think you have to keep in mind that fixed cost piece about bringing on new facilities that are not loaded.
Kent Masters: Yes. So let me take the first part of your question, Scott, and then I’ll kick over to Scott to talk about the margin piece and the conversion costs. So looking at the change in our capital forecast, it’s at least half acceleration. I mean there is – I mean we have had additional cost executing projects in Western Australia during the pandemic has been a challenge for us, and we’ve had additional costs as well as extending the projects on that. And we also see inflation impacting the projects that we’re kicking off now that we didn’t see a year ago. So it’s probably – how accurate we can be around that, but it’s probably half acceleration and half additional costs associated with inflation and pandemic cost. And Scott, I’ll kick to you for the margin question.
Kent Masters: I think what we’ve said in the past in the long term is we stand by that. So I think we’ve got one of the things you have to understand is as spodumene prices go up, that impacts our EBITDA margin because of the nature of the JV. So EBITDA effectively becomes tax-affected to some degree because of the product we purchased from Talison. And that will – and that won’t be different with MARBL going forward. So that has an impact on the pure EBITDA margin, but it still flows through the P&L once you get fully to the bottom line. So I think to kind of answer your question, we still stand by the guidance that we’ve provided in the long term. We still think it’s in that range.
Kent Masters: Eric said it before, that it’s a slog, but it’s doable. I think the industry has to be aggressive and has to execute well. And I think you’re seeing and some of that – that we’re getting through some of those growing pains. We think we’re probably as experienced as anyone at doing these large conversion facilities and bringing on new resources. But it’s a combination of resource and conversion capacity. It is a stretch, but – and it does require some new technology and operating in some places where historically, the lithium industry hasn’t done that, but it’s not impossible.
Kent Masters: Yes. Well, it’s – I mean it has stretched a little bit because we’ve accelerated and we’ve had inflation. So that inflation is – if it goes away in three years doesn’t matter because we’re building the projects in the next couple of years. So there is some impact on that. So it’s – we’ve accelerated because there’s additional capacity associated with that. So that is half of the difference and the other half is inflationary. So it’s – you got to add that on. And that – and even if it goes away, I mean, we’re not going to be necessarily in Western Australia, but there’s still going to be – and we see – our forecasting says inflation in the capital equipment that we’re buying in the next year and two.
Kent Masters: Yes. I think I want to start estimating what the projects are going to turn out to be. But it’s up definitely from $1.5 billion. Part of that is the acceleration. So I’m kind of focused on the inflation part. But overall, that’s probably not a bad estimate.
Kent Masters: Yes. So we’re just getting going into the real execution phase of that particular project, but I don’t know that – it’s not as complicated a project as a conversion facility. So I think we feel pretty good about executing on that. We are – we’ve lost a little bit of the float we had in the schedule, but that’s it. We’re still on plan and on the schedule that we had, but we have lost a little bit of the contingency from a time standpoint that we originally had built in.
Kent Masters: Okay. So – yes, so there’s a lot going on in Chile. And new administration is not really in place. And we’re trying to build our relationships out in front of that with our local team there. But there have been discussions going on about rewriting the constitution and all of them. The mining royalties across multiple industries have been – those discussions have been happening for the last six months, if not a year. So there’s been a lot of discussion. So we’re trying to build relationships with the new government, stay close to it. We don’t anticipate a wholesale change in the direction that the government goes with respect to extractive industries, but we do think there’ll be changes. Most of that is going to be as you look forward as opposed to on existing, on existing businesses, particularly around lithium. So we don’t see a wholesale change in the way that lithium is – the existing business is done in Chile or our royalties that we pay. As an example, we think they’re very progressive, probably the highest in the world on lithium for sure and probably even in extractive industry. And we think that, that will hold and maybe become an example for some of the other resource-based industries in Chile. So we’re pretty optimistic about our position in Chile. From a capital allocation standpoint, I mean, we have – we’re spending money now there on the Salar Yield project. We’ve got the La Negra III and IV project is really done, and we’re in the process of ramping that up. So we won’t really need to make a capital allocation decision vis-à-vis Chile for a while. So we’ll have a much better view of what’s happening in Chile and what the new administration, the direction that they’re going and what the rules of the road are before we have to make a significant capital allocation decision there.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I’m going to take the first shot of that. And Eric, you can fill in if I miss some of the key points. But I guess the first thing is security of supply has always been a key part of our value proposition. And in our view, we – it didn’t get the attention that we thought it deserved in the past. We’ve always built on having multiple resources, different locations, diversification in our supply base and the security of supply. Albemarle has a portfolio that is unlike anyone else in the industry. And that’s from both a conversion, geopolitical resource, cost base, brine, rock everything. So that said, it is getting more attention. And I think the OEMs and the battery manufacturers, but probably the OEMs more than anything else, are paying more attention to that. They’re seeing that there may be a structural deficit or at least they want to make sure they align with the most reliable players. And we’re having conversations with different people. They’re just conversations about different pricing structures. In the industry, we’ve shifted our – the portfolio shift that we’ve done now is really something we started a couple of years ago, put it on hold when prices went so low because we didn’t want to renegotiate contracts at a trough. But we’ve been able to do that now, and that will probably continue to evolve. The structure that we have now is probably not the one that lasts for the balance of the industry. So I suspect there are changes in those structures to come and a lot of it will be based on security of supply and quality and the ability to bring on projects and deliver what you say you’re going to do.
Kent Masters: Yes. I wouldn’t read into that, that that’s a change in our strategy. It was opportunistic, and it was a product that we had sitting in inventory that had – was made several years ago and had just been sitting. And we took the opportunity to sell that into the market because there was just an opportunity, and we took advantage of it. It’s just opportunistic. You shouldn’t read into that, that we’ve changed our view on selling spodumene in the market.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, Michelle, and thank you all for your participation on our call today. Our successes in 2021 have positioned us well to capitalize on the strength in the markets that we serve. And this coming year is about execution. I’m confident in our team’s ability to drive value for all of our stakeholders by accelerating the growth of our business in a sustainable way and to lead the industry by example. Thank you.
Eric Norris: Good morning, David, this is Eric Norris. So our pricing outlook – let me start first with the composition, what we see in 2022. We have, as Scott and Kent indicated in the prepared remarks, moved our pricing structures to be more variable. About upwards of close to 50% of our existing battery-grade contracts have a variable component to an index with a price and a ceiling. Those indices are not what you would see in China. Those are indices based upon global publicly available indices, such as Benchmark Minerals, Fast Markets and the like. The remaining 10% of our business is spot in China, so that is going to be exposed to what you see. And the rest is largely, at this point, fixed. Although as Scott indicated, as we continue to approach customers and then they seek to add to their volumes through our expansions, we are in those discussions asking them and considering moving to more variable with them as well. So, we have bottom line increased our exposure to pricing upside, but I think you need to consider that the contracts that we – or excuse me, the indices we’re using largely are the global indices, not the China indices, where you see much higher price in the China market than you do globally. So in terms of the outlook going forward, I mean, I would say that we expect – it really comes down to what China pricing does. It is the lead, sort of the tip of the spear. Where that goes, the indices follow globally. Those global indices are about half, in some cases, of current China prices. So there’s probably room to go in those indices, but there’s – with prices where they are in China, one could only speculate what they would go. And could they go down? We don’t know. So there’s – there’ll always be some variability on that 10% of our business that’s in China.
Eric Norris: Yes. I don’t have much to add, Bob. You heard how I answered David’s question just before you on the mix. We’ve seen an influence that to have up to a half on some sort of variable price that has some floors and ceilings a bit of spot and then the rest fixed. And we still strive to have, as we grow the business and add capacity, an amount that we can play in the spot markets. And that gives us excess to flex with our contract customers as they grow as well. Strategy still remains to be a partner to our customers and to seek those partnerships for their long-term growth, and that’s becoming in this market a very important topic, that security of supply.
Eric Norris: Well, Jeff, as Kent described – this is Eric, good morning, first off. As Scott described, Wave III is hydroxide-based and spodumene-based in that regard. Those are – that’s a higher cost of production than carbonate production out of Chile. So generally speaking, because of the higher cost to produce hydroxide versus carbonate out of brine, the average cost goes up slightly. But that’s a function of resource and product mix. We continue to drive productivity throughout the portfolio to ensure that we’re operating at a low conversion cost to take advantage of the good resources we have.
Eric Norris: And P.J., on your first question about Wodgina, we are only with our joint venture partner ramping up the first train of Wodgina with 50,000 tons of 6% spodumene, a little over 30,000 tons on an LCE basis. We look at the China, the growth in conversion capacity and hydroxide from Wave III that Kent described as the output – or excuse me, the consumer for that material. As a side note, spodumene tends to come on pretty quickly. It’s a different kind of plan operation than a conversion – chemical conversion plant, which tends to ramp over two years. A spodumene plant can come up within six months.
Eric Norris: Plus the trains, yes, fair point. Plus trains are built and they’re just being restarted. So, we would expect by midyear and to see spodumene flowing from that and put it into the assets that we talked about in Wave III. And the balance, we’d consider looking at tolling for the balance. And then as we continue to progress Wave III and other expansion activities, we’d look down the road. We’ve made no decisions yet on the second and third train at Wodgina, but those would be for down the road, giving us plenty of dry powder, so to speak, to support our growth as we continue to build out conversion capacity.
Eric Norris: Well, certainly, we’d like to continue to maintain our position in the industry and growth of the industry. And you’re right, with this growth guidance, we were doing that. But underneath that are the practical realities of capacity limitation. So the guidance we’ve given, P.J., speaks to – we give you dates of when we think these plants will come online. We – and we first have that first qualification standpoint. We have a six-month period before it can be qualified, and then we have about a two-year ramp to ramp that. When you back calculate that math, that’s on our fixed base of 88,000 tons last year. That is the growth increment you get. So it happens to correspond to market growth, but it’s going as fast as we can on our capacity expansion.
Eric Norris: Yes. Good morning, Chris. So by that, you’re referring to Western OEMs’ view of new lithium competitors coming into the market who are trying to bring capacity to market. Look, I mean, I think you’d have to ask their view on things. I will say this, security of supply is a very, very big concern in the market. I think that’s why in a pure spot market like China, you see prices that are in order of magnitude higher than they were a year ago. It’s folks trying to get supplied at any price. So that is true, certainly in China given those prices, but that same sentiment is true here in the U.S., particularly as Western OEMs or in Europe as well, underwrite big investments. So they are looking for lithium wherever they can get it. I think the offering that Albemarle brings and is part of our dialogue with them is we have the resources. We have the execution capability, and we’re reliable in bringing on supply. So, we’re an attractive partner for them in those dialogues, and we’re in the middle of all those discussions now as we bring on this new capacity and look into the future to bring on future capacity, particularly as Kent referenced, as we look to localize capacity in North America and Europe.
Eric Norris: Yes. So on battery chemistry for electric vehicles, we still see over the five- and 10-year view – or sorry, I’ll put it another way, over the 2025 and 2030 view that we’ve characterized in our growth charts in the earnings deck. We still see nickel – high nickel being the key to higher range. And we further see innovations on the anode side in prelithiation and new technologies that will further allow more energy density and cost-effectiveness of those nickel chemistries with that parity to internal combustion engines and coming in within that 18- to 24-month period. That being said, it’s pretty clear and our projections would show that LFP for lower energy density for lower-range vehicles, lower-cost vehicles is going to remain a segment of this market, not only now, but through this 10-year period. And it’s a double-digit percentage over that period of time, a low double-digit percentage but a double-digit percentage of the market. But most of the growth will be hydroxide.
Eric Norris: It’s Eric. I can answer that. It’s – they are all based on indices that continue to move. The recent movement has been upward in the past three months. Again, sort of the tip of the spear being China prices, which are significantly higher. Where the market goes long-term, we don’t know. If there is a downward sort of correction in China prices, that will hit the China spot volumes we have. If however the spot – these indices for the large part of our business is variable fixed ceiling floor, those are well below those spot prices. It’s very hard to say. If the prices remain high, we could definitely be to the higher end of our range on price. And I think – I mean, I think part of your question was about are they fixed through the year. So they aren’t. Those – that move of the market can move during the year.
Eric Norris: Okay. I would say, Steve, that it’s going to take – it’s a hard run, right? It’s going to take everybody being ourselves and our competition being successful at hitting their milestones in order to provide that to meet that supply. So it’s an all-out effort to get there. So I don’t want to sugarcoat it. It’s – I think it’s the reason the industry is so tight is because there’s a view it takes a while and it’s – and it doesn’t go as it’s – always as expected. In terms of price, I don’t have a crystal ball. I don’t – I never would have predicted a $65 carbonate price. So I don’t know how to think about where that would go in the future. It does reflect that hard slog I just referred to, I think, that everybody’s got to step up and execute well in order to meet that demand.
