Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. Our first quarter was excellent. With net sales more than doubling versus first quarter last year, and EBITDA up almost four times to $1.6 billion. This reflects the high market pricing for our Energy Storage business at the end of 2022. Our Specialties business also had a strong quarter, up sequentially from last quarter on higher pricing. Looking forward to the rest of this year, we are adjusting our expectations based on the current lithium market pricing, and Scott will go into that in more detail. We move the business forward in a number of ways during the quarter, including selecting the site for our U.S. Mega-Flex lithium processing facility in Richburg, South Carolina, which is a strategic move that is even more important given the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act. We also announced the restructure of our MARBL joint venture in Australia. And we announced the separate investment by mineral resources limited into two of Albemarle as conversion assets in China. We expect those two deals to receive regulatory approval and closed later this year. This week, we announced the final investment decision to build Kemerton trains III and IVin Australia, which will be 100% Albemarle owned. The fact that we are advancing the Kemerton trains and the U.S. Mega-Flex facility points to our confidence in the long term growth and opportunities of the lithium business and in particular, our Energy Storage segment. Lithium demand in the EV market continue to grow at extraordinary rates. And with that, I'll hand over to Scott. 
Kent Masters: Yes. I don't think we have visibility to that. So what we -- we've not seen -- I mean, the specs have not changed or whether people are getting qualified, taking longer to get qualified with some of this -- the newer facilities maybe that's some of the delays that we see, but we don't have visibility whether it's about qualification issues or just about production issues. I don't think we have visibility of that.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I think, as we've said, when we laid out our investment plans, but we look at the market and we'll adjust as we go through this. So what we put forward in January, those are our plans. And the market -- and our view of the market changes dramatically or significantly we'll adjust to that. So short-term cycles, if our view is right, we'll maintain and invest through those. But if our view of pricing changed longer term, then we would adjust our investment profile.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I guess we were surprised by the announcement that came out of Chile. We knew they were moving in that direction. A couple of things we learned in that. But our plans around DLA and our discussions with the government about using that in the Salar are consistent now and before. We're working to progress that as quickly as we can, and we'll do it in a number of places, but there's an opportunity to utilize that in the Salar as well. So I guess our view is -- I mean, we -- our concession goes through 2043, where the government has gone out of their way to assure us that, that's valid. But expansions and getting additional concessions will probably require us to use new technology and probably partner with the government as well around that. So we see that as an opportunity beyond our current concession.
Kent Masters: Yes. I'm not sure we didn't -- we weren't talking about new capacity coming on that's been delayed. We were talking about converters in China that were shutting down because their math didn't work any longer between lithium prices and spodumene prices. So I'm not sure -- I'm not aware of anyone who's delayed a new project as a result of the current market pricing, although that could be the case, I'm not aware of that. 
Kent Masters: Yes. So there was quite an effort from us to move toward index-based pricing as pricing was moving, whereas historically, we've had more fixed price or at least agreed prices for a period of time. And it does create a little volatility in our results as the price moves, but it's a volatile market and this is a space, and it's probably going to move around like that for a period of time. So it could we, at some point, want to change that structure. But you never say never. It could be the case at some point. But given where the market is now, I think being indexed to the market, we like that. We think it's right for us and our customers. No one is really out of the market, either one, and that's kind of how we're going to operate now. It creates volatility in our results, and we just have to live with that in the near term.
Kent Masters: Yes. Look, that's speculation, but there's just a longer lag in the way that works its way through our P&L and through the industry. So we kind of rely on what happens in the market where prices get set. It's not that material for us because we're integrated all the way from spodumene into lithium salt. So the real impact it's timing and the tax impact from the joint venture that hits us. That's kind of why you see that volatility. So it's -- but I think it lags just because of the timing of how long it takes to adjust those prices and how long it takes to move that material through the supply chain.
Kent Masters: We don't look at it that way. We're in the lithium business, and we're fundamental from the resource through to the salts that we sell to the customers, and we think of that as one business. And if the margin moves from one part of the business to the other, there are both ours, it's not that relevant to us.
Kent Masters: I don't -- we've not disclosed that, right? We've not talked about specific contracts. I don't think we want to.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I think what -- I mean we're looking at the market as it is today or middle of April, right? And we're using those spot markets to guide us for the balance of the year by the different chemistry. So carbonate would inform -- the carbonate business and hydroxide would inform the hydroxide business. So we're holding them flat as they were in middle of April from an indices standpoint. And again, the index that are for our different contracts we talked about the main.
Kent Masters: Yes. So Eric can probably add details to this. But I would say, I mean we look at it and we think you should look at it our integrated producers are producers that are not integrated, and they probably set the marginal cost right, the ones that aren't integrated. So you spodumene price, you can see, for the most part, it's pretty transparent around that. And conversion on top of that to make a margin that -- those are the marginal producers when -- I guess it moves around depending on where spodumene sits, but you can see that and probably can determine that.
Kent Masters: And then you see as new resources come on, right, and new technology comes to play, those could very well move out that cost curve as well as lower quality resources come to market with different technologies, that cost curve kind of it grows.
Kent Masters: Yes. So yes, China is a big part of the market. And historically, it's kind of set that -- all of those -- that pricing historically. I think as the other regions grow and we start shipping volume into other regions, that's going to change. And it will start bifurcating and being different around the world. But I would say now, it's kind of one market. It's kind of -- it looks like it's wanting to separate a little bit, but I would call it one still.
Kent Masters: Yes, there's no real consumption around that at the moment. But it's the speculation around it has started. But there's not a lot of volume shift that's changed since that law came into effect
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. So it's clear we're a growth company that continues to provide added value to our markets. As a global leader in minerals that are critical to mobile, connected, healthy and sustainable future, we remain the partner of choice with customers and key stakeholders. Thank you
Eric Norris: Yes. Well, look, I mean -- yes, I think what really transpired and what Kent referred to in his prepared remarks, we saw a significant destocking happened in China, which affected the spot market. Our contract customers around the world continue to buy at their contracted volumes, as Ken pointed out. We've seen close to 30% growth in EV sales in the first quarter across the industry and over 50% in the U.S., a little weaker in Europe. Overall, the markets are performing largely as we thought it would of a strong year with what we think will be a tight supply as well. But specifically in the first quarter, with that destocking, we saw the spot market be practically nonexistent at times during the quarter. There's very little activity going on as these stocks were drawn down. Stocks were drawn down the levels at the cathode level and battery level in China lithium stocks to -- and in some cases, below a week, clearly not in the long run, a level that's sustainable for sustained operation. To your question, what we've seen in the past couple of weeks, we've seen spot buyers return. We've seen -- and we believe that's partially what's affecting the price that is popped -- is leveled and then started to rise within China. And we can -- and we see no change in what our projected sales for the year in EVs of about 30% growth anticipated in China, closer to 40% for the overall market. I think the spot orders, it would be premature for me to say how large they are, but they are beginning as these cathode producers now start to restock and prepare for a more stable operation for the balance of the year.
Eric Norris: No. In terms of the competitive landscape, I would tell you in terms of the expectations of customer of us, it is a moving ball. The expectations go up on quality, particularly in the higher energy -- higher energy density chemistries, which tend to be the nickel chemistries. We recently completed upgrades in some of our workhorse plants like Xinyu to drive even higher quality standards to remain a leader in that area and in that regard. So it is something that it is a barrier for any new entrant to be able to achieve and to get to for sure.
Eric Norris: Hi, good morning, Mike. So this is Eric. The way I would qualify that as again that the destocking has happened specifically in one country, it's China. Now it happens to be the largest country in the market where almost all the spot volume activity is that's 10% of our mix, as we described on an annualized basis. All of our contracts are everywhere else around the world, including even some long-term contracts that are sourced into China are all operating according to the projected plan prior to beginning of the year prior to any destocking that happened in China, meaning the EV growth story is intact everywhere, all that's happening in China to destocking what's specifically there. And everywhere else, volume continues to flow. We're not seeing destocking as a widespread phenomenon just something in China and specific to the spot market.
Eric Norris: This is -- everything that's happened and that we've talked about on destocking has to do with a temporal effect in China. It has nothing to do with fundamentally demand that we've seen. It is true. The year started out a little weak in China on demand. Recovered rapidly by the end of March. So we saw a weak start in Europe, but that's a hangover effect, we believe, from what has been expiring incentives largely in Germany and the U.S. started off with a bang for the year. All of that is consistent with our look, our view at the beginning of the year, our view now that we're looking at a 40% year-on-year growth in demand, our customers need the supply. And frankly, we see the market as still being tight for the balance of the year. So this is a market that's healthy in that regard. Independent of what's going on with price now, the supply-demand fundamentals are very favorable.
Eric Norris: No. I mean I think the market is changing as well at the automotive level. I mean there's now more models, more vehicle producers, aggressive competition for share. So that's a dynamic that's going on within our customer base. But that's the industry rising up to meet the demand that's there for these vehicles. And it doesn't change the need for us to execute well in order to meet our customers' expectations. And as Kent said, the market for spot material is isolated largely to China. And so what you're seeing now is some dynamics playing out in China, which when you think about an inventory drawdown, it's temporal in nature with strong demand. We are going to pretty soon go to a point where many of -- much of the supply chain needs to start restocking in addition to just meeting its growth that move before it
Eric Norris: No. I don't know that we have any intelligence that says a new project is delayed. There's still a fair amount of interest in bringing supply in order to meet the demand, which we believe will be necessary given the shortness in supply. But we know because we both compete, of course, in the China market against some of these converters who buy spodumene on the open market, but also toll with some of these individuals from the behavior that we have in that market, we've seen that market, we know very clearly that more tolling capacity is available because they cannot make money on existing spodumene conversion when they buy this spodumene themselves. So that's part of the evidence package we have that some capacity has been leaving the market at current prices.
Eric Norris: I also think that it's reflecting -- you can see in our performance that our low-cost resources and our low-cost operations benefits us. So we can handle this volatility better than many of our competitors, just given our cost position as well as our scale. So...
Eric Norris: Kent, I'd also add that fundamentally, this is an inventory drawdown in a period of time that won't last, we believe long, and we're seeing and we think it's fact transpired and it's behind us, and we see strong demand. I think the spodumene market is reacting to the strong demand and the need for the supply. So there is a time lag, but there's also just the supply/demand fundamentals are, again, very strong for growth going forward. So I think we can speculate, but some of that's at play as well in.
Eric Norris: Of course, there will be different in China versus outside China as well is a point yes. But it's -- as you know, they're very
Eric Norris: John, it's Eric. Its sodium-ion batteries are just less energy dense and heavier on weight for this comparable energy density. So while it may fulfill maybe a city, low-range vehicle, and that could help ease some of the ability of the industry to meet electric vehicle demand given the shortness of lithium we see in our forecast, it cannot replace it in whole in any significant way. However, it could be a viable technology in grid storage. So it just has inherent limitations given the energy density and weight to energy benefits.
Eric Norris: Well, generally speaking, Chris, what we view lepidolite producers is tending to be more integrated producers from mineral resource of lepidolite all the way through conversion. Our comments on what we're seeing and who we'd be tolling with are obviously those who consume spodumene and who have to buy spodumene in the market to run their business. That's where our comments were focused on.
Eric Norris: Yes, I'd just add, Ben, that as when the spodumene when the battery-grade carbonate price -- spot price in China on the various indices across from the 30s into the 20s, you started to see that pain. We started to hear more producers who are having trouble operating. You start to see even more activity within China to try to find ways to sort that from falling further. You could tell -- we could tell from the market sentiment that, that was a point of pain from any of these producers. And it substantiates what we've said for some time that prices need to be at least in the 20s for this industry to operate if not higher.
Eric Norris: And it's particularly true then for carbonate, 70%, 80% of the world's carbonate is consumed in China. And so if China is destocking, that's going to have a disproportionate impact on carbonate in China.
Scott Tozier: Yes. So the lower cost spodumene is really from the both Kemerton as well as Qinzhou just as -- sorry, Greenbushes. Just as a reminder, the reason it's lower cost is because of the timing lag and the rapid increase and then now decrease in spodumene prices. It's really not the operating cost of the minds itself that's causing this issue. In Q1, the benefit was probably in the kind of 15 to 20 percentage point type of range that we were seeing in Q1. And again, we'll see that reverse as we go through the rest of the year, and that will be a margin rate pressure on the business.
Scott Tozier: So we haven't -- we haven't disclosed the total amount. So it's probably in the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion range for Kemerton I and II. Kemerton III and IV will be in a similar type of range, partly because we've got an employment village that we're putting in place to help with the labor issues ultimately.
Scott Tozier: Yes. And I would just add, Kent, that given our volumetric growth at these kind of pricing levels, we'll continue to be generating significant cash flow to be able to fund that kind of CapEx growth. So the Albemarle story is not really about the price, it's about the volumetric growth. And the cash generation that's coming from this is significant. So...
Scott Tozier: Yes. So Josh, with where spodumene prices are and the projection that we've made using the mid-April prices, we'll be below that kind of mid-40% range in the second quarter all the way through the fourth quarter. So it's really, again, the pressures coming from that price being lower as well as that spodumene price drop or cost drop that is putting the pressure on the margins. If you were to stabilize that, I think you'd end up being more at the long-term expectations of that mid-40s to low 50% range. So really, this just as a reminder and repeat it again, this margin pressure is really just driven by the velocity and the change in the spodumene price flowing through our P&L.
Scott Tozier: Yes. So what we do is we're taking our current contract mix as of today or let's just say, mid-April. We're applying the market indices that are referenced in those contracts, flowing that through and that generates what we think -- what the revenue will be. And so as you look at that on a sequential basis, we'll see price reductions each quarter. And as you look at it on a year-over-year basis, our first half of the year, we actually see price increases. In the second half of the year, we're seeing price decreases on a year-over-year basis.  And again, that's just really just reflecting how those contracts are structured and the lags that are built into them. And a couple of the contracts have caps and floors that we'll have to take into account.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Mike, I would just add to that, as you look at our projection, I mean, it's really an operational risk because we're ramping new plants, right? So it's really just our ability to ramp those plants, and we think we have it dialed in, but things can go wrong. So I think that's really the risk and also potential opportunity because if things go better, then we'll have more volume.
Scott Tozier: Yes, Vincent, I think -- so a significant amount of that increase is due to price. So as the price has moved up, obviously, there's an impact on our -- on the value. Also, we've got increase in volume as we're ramping both the expansion at Greenbushes as well as Wodgina. So you're going to see increases coming from that. And to your point, we did have an accounting change where we've changed how we're recognizing the profit in inventory that now is reflected in our inventory line as opposed to our investment line. That reduces the effect. So those are kind of the muting pieces.
Scott Tozier: No. It's the same methodology is based on that mid-April -- that mid-April cost. So we don't take -- we're not taking a position on what that's going to do.
Scott Tozier: Yes. So Joel, we're using the indices that are referenced in our contracts. So it's not just taking like the China spot or just 1 index where you're actually taking the actual indices that are referenced in our contracts as of mid-April, holding that flat and then calculating through the contract structures and the lags and caps and floors and all that kind of stuff to generate what that forecast is. And if you look at that as of mid-April to today, it's basically the same. So don't really move much in that time difference.
