Matthew K. Juneau: Thank you, and welcome, everyone to Albemarle's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday, and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation, and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Silvio Ghyoot, President-Refining Solutions; Joris Merckx, President-Chemetall Surface Treatment. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please also note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all non-operating or special items. Reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are both posted on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss our second quarter results.
Matthew K. Juneau: Operator, we are ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before you do so, I would remind everyone to please limit your questions to two per person at one time, so that everyone has a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ons, if time allows. Please proceed.
Matthew K. Juneau: Yeah, this is Matt. David, I'll take that. So, overall we continue to be very encouraged by what we're seeing in price. If you remember our original view is that we would not really see any net price versus volume this year, and that's changed a little bit with this update, that we're seeing some net benefit. There has been – your point about China, there has been some movement in China of the price heading down a little bit that I know a lot of people have commented on. We don't view that as anything to be too concerned about at this time. There is always some movement in price to the downside in the summer in China because their production rates go up. The price increase is kind of something we got to deal with over the long haul and we're feeling good about where we are right now, and the modest demand improvement that we're continuing to see to kind of underpin the basis for the pricing as well.
Matthew K. Juneau: Mike, this is Matt, I'll take that. In reality, two of the businesses, I want to say, Minerals and Metal Sulfides or what they call trivatech (39:24), those business are doing just in line with what we expected, no impact at all. They're really having solid years. If you talk about Fine Chemistry Services, we knew going into the year we had some tough business comparisons with contracts that were rolling off. We were counting quite a bit on getting some benefit in the electronics material space to help cover the year-on-year change. We've seen some supply chain issues and some delays in that electronics area. That's really been the big driver for the negative year-on-year in Fine Chemistry Services. Don't think it has anything to do with the sales process.
Matthew K. Juneau: So, Jim, this is Matt, I'll take that one. We've said all along that the impact of ICL strike was much less on supply than you might have expected. They clearly did a good job in preparing for the strike, had an inventory available for the strike and serving their customers during the strike. So, I'd really say that the strike had a lot less impact than a lot of people seem to think. And we're much more comfortable with where pricing is going based on the trends we've seen overall in demand and based on – yeah, that the push to value is one way to describe that, obviously reflected in our adjusted EBITDA margins this quarter. And our outlook is for that to continue right now.
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We appreciate your time and attention. And everybody have a great day. Thanks.
Luke C. Kissam: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everybody. Let me start by noting how pleased I am with the first half of 2015. Our team is executing well, and we are on track to deliver our previously forecasted earnings for the full year. All of our businesses, with the exception of Clean Fuels Technologies and Fine Chemistry Services are meeting or exceeding our expectations for January. We are overcoming significant headwinds related to lower than expected oil prices and the strength of the U.S. dollar. Finally, we're making great progress against our strategic and organizational objectives for 2015 and positioning Albemarle to be even more successful in the future. First, our integration team has now executed projects that will deliver at least the targeted $50 million in savings for 2015. This represents an increase of over $10 million from the $40 million or so that we discussed in our first quarter earnings call. On a full-year basis, actions already taken will deliver savings of roughly $66 million in 2016, meaning we are already two-thirds of our way to our $100 – excuse me – two-thirds of the way to our $100 million 2016 target in savings. The team continues to uncover new opportunities and we are confident in our ability to meet this commitment. Second, the consultation process with the various works councils is continuing with much progress made in the second quarter. As a result, our global business unit realignment is substantially complete. Our first half results highlight the progress we're making in our new reporting and operating structure. Commissioning of the La Negra expansion and the announced rationalization of the butyl lithium capacity in New Johnsonville are two additional examples of this progress. Third, as Scott highlighted, in the second quarter we again demonstrated the cash generation power of Albemarle with adjusted free cash flow before one-time items reaching $217 million through June, in line with our forecast at the beginning of the year. Finally, the planned divestitures of Minerals, Metal Sulfides and Fine Chemistry Services are progressing in line with our expectations. While confidentiality obligations prevent any detailed comments, our goal remains to complete these by the end of the year. In short, year-to-date, the team has delivered on our commitments, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year. Looking ahead, we expect continued solid results from the three businesses: Bromine, Lithium and Performance Catalysts Solutions that make up Performance Chemicals. However, sequential comparisons could prove challenging for bromine due to the second quarter methyl bromide order that Scott highlighted and the expected weakening in clear completion fluids demand for the rest of the year. Similarly, PCS faces tough sequential comps for the rest of the year related to the benefits from order timing in the first half of 2015. Nevertheless, we expect Performance Chemicals' adjusted EBITDA to be up by double-digits year-on-year excluding currency impacts. Given the increased pressure on the Clean Fuels Technologies, our HPC business, our outlook for Refining Solutions has weakened since the end of the first quarter. However, Heavy Oil Upgrading or FCC continues to deliver outstanding results with strong year-over-year growth expected based on strong demand and a favorable pricing environment. Chemetall Surface Treatment continues to perform very well and as Scott noted, we expect even better results in the second half of 2015. Based on the second quarter results and our expectations for the rest of 2015, we now project full year EBITDA between $940 million and $1 billion. On an earnings per share basis, we are affirming our annual guidance of $3.65 to $4.05 per share in spite of the $0.03 to $0.05 earnings per share headwind due to the higher tax rate and depreciation that Scott discussed. In closing, through the first half of 2015, Albemarle and its employees are meeting our commitments. Our businesses are overcoming significant headwinds and delivering outstanding results. Both our total adjusted EBITDA and our margins underscore the strength of our three GBUs. We are operating in a disciplined, consistent fashion with a focus on managing what is within our control. We're effectively managing costs, capital spending and working capital and creating new savings through synergies. We're creating new platforms for growth as evidenced by the commissioning of the new battery-grade lithium carbonate plan in La Negra, the performance of our Talison JV and the acquisition of our partner's shares in the Chemetall JV in Shanghai. Finally, the divestitures of our non-core businesses are on track. Overall, we expect more of the same from our organization and our businesses in the second half of the year as we build on our industry-leading Specialty Chemicals platform to deliver superior returns to our shareholders over time.
Luke C. Kissam: And just to add on that, on all of those refills that we had – not refills, but on those contracts that we got, we weren't giving away price on any of that. That was one on performance trials. So you shouldn't view that in any respect. The market is tight, the capacity is tight. So we're looking – it's a great pricing environment right now, and our product performance is what's wining those. We haven't heard any – the question is have you heard anything on Takreer? We haven't heard anything on Takreer. Our catalyst is in there; it's performing as per expectations in the unit, and we are, just like everybody else, waiting to see what's going to happen.
Luke C. Kissam: Well, to hit the low end of the guidance, we've got to see completion fluids really fall off more than what we've anticipated for the year. I think that that we've got – we could see additional foreign exchange – you've got bromine pricing. So if we see some more bromine volume and the pricing continues to stick more than we have, we could see more upside there. The Clean Fuels Technologies that go along there, as you know, it always comes to order time. If we have an order slip one way or the other in the fourth quarter, that could have an impact on our earnings. And really, it comes down to one of the non-core businesses that we have that we're looking to divest in custom services, they have got a big second half. So that could move the needle there, and there is some upside if we can get some synergies earlier. But I think really lithium is pretty solid for what we got – the estimate at the midpoint. A lot of those contracts are baked in at the beginning of the year on price and volume, and at the capacity we're running there, not a whole lot of potential for major upside there. And on Heavy Oil Upgrading, we just got to deliver what we said we're going to deliver and feel very, very confident about our ability to do so there. So, some upside in the bromine area if we can get pricing in a broader area than we have today and then some watch-outs on the HPC and on the Fine Chemistry Services.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. I think, if you look at 2016 there's obviously opportunity for pricing; this is a good pricing environment. People are pretty much sold out of battery-grade lithium carbonate and battery-grade lithium hydroxide. If you look at the cost today of lithium in a battery, it's probably around 2%. So it's very critical for the use of the battery, yet at the same time it's a small cost of that overall battery and we're sold out. So we feel good about the opportunities for lithium pricing in 2016 and it's already started having early conversations making sure the markets understand what those expectations are.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah. It will be a world-scale plant. So it will supply globally. We'll be able to do that, not just for Asian customers. Really it doesn't make sense just to do it just for Asian customers because the size and scale that you need to build that world-scale plant to meet the needs of the markets. And the timing on that is, as we've said, we've started the work on that, so it will come on line in a 2019, 2020 kind of timeframe. And in the interim, we're making arrangements to ensure that we're able to meet the market demand of that lithium hydroxide as it grows and we're not concerned at all about our ability to do that. We have great plans in place for 2016. I can expand those. So we're going to be – we're going to meet the market demand. We're going to have the hydroxide available to meet the market demand. And we feel great about our process there and are extremely excited by the growth of battery grade and what it's going to do for this business.
Luke C. Kissam: If you look at the second – if you look at the 2015 versus 2014 in HPC, the volume will be down and we'll have a much worse mix than we had in 2014. 2014 was a pretty high-water mark, but it's really all volume and mix. We hadn't seen much degradation in price at all, when you're looking at Catalyst per Catalyst. So it's really been a mix issue and a volume issue in HPC. And on FCC, volume is strong; we'll see volume up and we'll see earnings up and a really good pricing environment for FCC catalyst, Mike.
Luke C. Kissam: So Mike, this is Luke. As you'll remember we have a debottleneck process going on right now at our Amsterdam site. And we needed that to be able to supply customers in 2016 based on the business that we have. Even when that comes online in early 2016, and again it's a debottleneck, it's not significant capacity, we're still going to be operating at plus-90% in our FCC production units when you look at Amsterdam and Bayport in total.
Luke C. Kissam: Yeah, I think – remember that we are strongest where our applications are in deepwater drilling. So, I believe that if they continue to come low, it depends totally what happens with the capital dollars related to drilling and where they go to drill. There is a lot of data out – I forget who put it out, but I read it earlier this week, that to keep the production flowing of the oil that they are pulling out, some of them are moving to quicker paybacks on some of the drilling, which takes them into the shallower water. So if oil stays low, I think next year you could continue – we expect the second half would be weaker than the first in 2015. And if oil stays where they are, you just have to see what they're going do from a capital standpoint, but it could certainly stay -w e could see the second half of 2015 longer. And historically, the longer oil prices have stayed down during a period of time, the longer it takes from an E&P standpoint for it to pick back up. And then we're the tail of the E&P. So, the longer it stays down, the longer drought I think you would expect to see. But, again, we're going to control what we can control from a cost standpoint, from a technology standpoint, from servicing our customers and meeting the demand where it's there.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: I agree with that Luke, and like you said, that overall it's the demand of HPC, that volume that is lower than we had expected. And that, driven by the fact that the refiners see opportunities to delaying change-outs, to use weaker mix or even going to the extent of not using fresh catalyst, and using recycled materials. And all that adds up that the overall demand is lower than expected.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: I think I can be firm on that; I'm not expecting that trend on the HOU side. The business is strong, the fuels demand is high. There is a globally increase in gasoline demand, which is favoring the HOU or the FCC operations. So I'm not expecting any impact there from the oil price.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Well, I think it was reported before. Both businesses have always been important and contributing both good cash flow and margin. Obviously, with the strength of the FCC today and the weaknesses of the HPC today and foreseeing for the rest of the year, there is an imbalance between the two businesses now. And the FCC is a bigger contributor today than the HPC.
Silvio Ghyoot - Albemarle Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Luke. Well, on the capacity I think it has been stated before with the growth in the demand – with a strong demand and the additions of new units, capacity utilization is increasing, and obviously that situation with the tight supply, the dynamics of the market are creating an atmosphere where there is room for price improvements.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. So as you think about that, I mean the details will be in the Q, which should be out today, latest tomorrow. As you look at lithium specifically with Talison, of course, that was purchased in the end of May of 2014. So we had one month and a couple days of performance in 2014, of course a full quarter of performance this year. On a year-over-year basis, it's contributing roughly $6 million to $6.5 million incremental performance versus last year. It is performing better than expectations, so we're very happy with what's going on down in Australia.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. The one item that moved in the outlook – so if you look at our normalized outlook, so that's without the acquisition costs and the one-time tax costs related to the acquisition, that did not change. So $450 million to $550 million, we're feeling very good about that range, given the performance and our current outlook in the second half. On an all-in basis or reported basis, that free cash flow number, it did move up to $150 million to $250 million, and it's related to the tax payments for the acquisition. Part of those tax payments, so about $50 million of those tax payments are being pushed into the first quarter of 2016. And so it's really just related to the timing of those payments.
Scott A. Tozier: And Chris, if you want to, I'll touch maybe just a second on the first question around the battery vehicle growth and where it's coming from, and where really the battery grade growth is coming from. One, you ought to think – remember that consumer and portable batteries continue to be a very big driver. And while a lot of that maybe ultimately will be consumed in Asia, it's for global markets. And then if you think about battery electric vehicles, what's continued to really hold up are the true, pure battery electrics. So people think about Tesla, but it's more than just Tesla; it's the other true battery electrics as well – they're also growing. They're holding up very well and continuing to grow. Those are the two combinations that are the biggest drivers for the business. And in a way, I'd say you ought to think of it is the global – where we supply is somewhat irrelevant, it's really global demand that's driving this.
Scott A. Tozier: Sure, if you look at MATS, there is a lot of uncertainty about how MATS will ultimately play out and I won't comment in detail, because there's been plenty of that in the last few days in the various earnings calls. But in reality, our business related to mercury has improved year-over-year, as anticipated up to now. And the uncertainty comes in with what will happen post the Supreme Court ruling. We're just going to have to see how that plays out, what the D.C. appellate court does. MATS has not yet been stayed or vacated. We are still within our guidelines clearly for this year of what we expect from Mercury Control. I don't think it will have any impact on this year's numbers. And then depending on what happens in the appellate court, we'll see what happens longer-term.
Scott A. Tozier: Yeah. I would say, Mike, as you look at the third quarter to fourth quarter, that we would expect that the third quarter be at or above the third quarter slightly, and then we'd see sequential improvement going into the fourth quarter. So if you think about that second half, roughly 45% to 47% in the third quarter and the rest in the fourth quarter.
Scott A. Tozier: Sure. Michael, I'll take it. If you look at butyl lithium, originally, we thought we would see enough growth in butyl lithium and other applications to fully cover the loss of that synthesis application from last year in 2015. We've covered a part of it, but not all of it. But other, if you will, other specialty lithiums have continued to grow, and that's reflected in some of the numbers. So I think, while we might not have covered it fully in butyl lithium, we've covered it in other ways at this point. And if you look at the outlook for the growth of elastomers over time, which is the key polymer application for butyl lithium or synthesis application, it will grow. It will grow over time. There's going to be – it's going to get covered; it's more a question of will it be 2016 now than 2015.
Scott A. Tozier: Let me – maybe I should say one more thing though, that if you think about the rationalization, there was always a fair amount of redundant capacity in the butyl lithium supply chain that Rockwood had. And given our setup with organometallics, and the way we've looked at things, it's given us some freedom. So I don't think you should view that we're reducing our capacity to serve the butyl lithium market by this rationalization. We're still in good shape from a supply point of view; it's more just using our assets in a better way.
Scott A. Tozier: So, Tyler, clearly we're still in the implementation process on the initial price increase. I think we will differ the next price increase until we fully implement this one, but we feel good about the trends. What we've said along is that the demand question long-term around bromine is centered on flame retardants. And it's good now to see that we're seeing growth in 2014 over 2013 and we're seeing that growth continue in the first half of 2015. And we continue to feel good about that. If you look at all of the other applications for bromine outside of FR, really the only one that's really a watch-out right now is the one we've been talking about just a second ago, which is what's going on with clear brine fluids. Long-term, that's still an area we feel very good about. Shorter-term or medium-term with low oil prices, we've got to deal with that. So, the trends are headed the right way in our view for overall bromine demand, with the exception of clear brines, which is more of a short-term to medium-term issue related to oil prices.
