Kent Masters: Thank you, Meredith. During the first quarter, our team demonstrated its ability to navigate dynamic market conditions with actions that position Albemarle for profitable growth and deliver on the operational steps that we have set out to achieve this year. We recorded net sales of $1.4 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $291 million. We saw continued volumetric growth, driven by Energy Storage segment highlighting the demand growth in the segment and our ability to capture it. We also ramp new conversion facilities, executed on our productivity plans and strengthened our competitive position and financial flexibility. During the quarter, we delivered more than $90 million in productivity and restructuring cost savings consistent with our efforts to align our costs with the current market environment. We are on track to deliver more than $280 million in productivity improvements in 2024, demonstrating our excellent execution. To drive lithium market transparency and discovery, we held several successful bidding events for spodumene concentrate and lithium carbonate in March and April. We are encouraged by the results and level of participation to date and plan to continue these efforts. We continue to advance our in-flight growth projects that are near completion or in start-up to deliver near-term volume growth and cash flow. In particular, we've reached important new milestones at Kemerton I and Meishan. Finally, the year so far has developed as we expected and we are reaffirming our full year 2024 outlook ranges that are based on observed lithium market price scenarios that we included for the first time last quarter. Our operational and strategic playbook positions us well to serve our customers today and for the future. With our focused execution and our continued confidence in the elements we provide, Albemarle is well-positioned to drive sustainable growth and create value. I'll now hand it over to Neal to talk about our financial results during the quarter.
Kent Masters: Yes. So -- well, we forecast for the year looking out for the year, so 10% to 20%, and we've said we'd probably be at the upper end of that and those -- the volumes that we show are based on the capital program that the long-term volumes we show are based on the capital program that we have in place and the projects that we're executing currently and no need for additional capital for that.
Kent Masters: Yes. So if prices stayed where they were today, you'd see us ramping CapEx down. It takes us a little bit of time. So it's not -- we have a run rate that we think is kind of a minimum CapEx level of about -- to maintain assets about $1 billion a year. We wouldn't get there in '25, but kind of a run rate in line with that toward the end of '25, we could if we felt prices were going to stay where they are today.
Kent Masters: So the -- look, the resources that we operate, and we have made adjustments just to the market condition, but I don't think we make further ones. These are world-class resources and the lowest cost position. So we still operate and make money at the pricing level there. These were investments that were kind of happening in the near term when we had opportunities to adjust the execution profile as we have our own conversion assets as well, and our partners agreed to that. So we've made some adjustments. But Long term, we still expect to exploit these resources because they are some of the best in the world.
Kent Masters: So I think we're using the $280 million and as we forecast that out. It's still early in the year. We're probably a little ahead of schedule, but not ready to call it and build into our forecast that will beat that. But we'll be -- we're optimistic. We're comfortable with the program and the target is a pretty big target for us across the organization, and we feel pretty good on a run rate that we can meet that or maybe beat it, but we've not built that into our forecast.
Kent Masters: Yes. So I'm not sure that is the last part of the question. Let me start on the front and you catch that in the follow-up if I don't answer your question. So we're doing the auctions, both on spodumene and on salts, the health transparency in the marketplace, price discovery to really understand, make the market a little clearer, a little more transparent. We get good information for it. And then we've decided to include spodumene as part of that just more transparency in the market, more knowledge that we get around that. And it's an opportunity for us to participate in a different part of the value chain. So it's not a change in our strategy of being an integrated producer. We'll sell most of our products through these long-term agreements on a salt basis as we have historically. So that strategy didn't change, but it's just it's an adjustment to take -- to try and get more transparency in the marketplace and then to sell spodumene a different value, a different product at a different value in the marketplace. So if there are dislocations, we can take advantage of that.
Kent Masters: Yes. Actually, it's a fair assumption. Basically, the way that we constructed those EBITDA ranges reason their range is driven by that volume consideration that we have, the 10% to 20%. So I think all things being equal, that's a fair assumption to make.
Kent Masters: Yes, it changes -- it changes over time with volumes in the industry. But most new projects come on are going to be higher on the cost curve and moving that up. So we still think that within a $1 or $2, the accuracy of that. But I think we still believe that fundamentally is about the target of marginal cost today.
Kent Masters: Okay. Thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to innovate, adapt and lead the world in transforming essential resources into the critical ingredients for modern living with people and planet in mind. We are focused on continuing to be the partner of choice for our customers and investment of choice for both the present and the future. Thank you for joining us.
Eric Norris: Sure. First of underneath that the other factor as important is demand. China stands as a market and start -- first of all, the majority of demand in the world, over 60% of the demand and start contrast to the U.S. or Europe with very strong growth you may have seen reported even in April growth that was quite significant for various automotive producers, BYD being up 49%. So there's very strong growth in China coming off of very low inventory levels. And that's obviously a favorable indicator for price in light of the pressure on producers at these price levels that Kent described. And the inventory more specifically, what we're seeing is inventory is pretty much at very low levels, ending in March, relatively speaking. So less than 2 weeks from a lithium producer standpoint, and about a week for downstream cathode company. That's in China. It's a little higher for battery producers -- or excuse me, for battery inventories. But again, at levels that are very low compared to the average we saw in 2023. So that, coupled with this demand signal we're getting from China, we see it as a positive signal for price going forward. And obviously, we'll have to -- we don't know for sure, but we'll watch that carefully. And should that happen, that will benefit our earnings going forward.
Eric Norris: Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, I think -- fair enough. You wouldn't -- it's all a factor of ramp of plants. Right, what it comes down to -- we have a plant in China Meishan that's ramping at a faster speed than the plant in Australia, and that has to do with operating experience. But if you look at this over a long-term basis, ultimately, we will -- our intention is to be fully integrated and to take all the available resources and convert them with company-built assets as opposed to tolling assets. Increasingly, those -- we would target those to be outside of the U.S., we have a considerable basis, as you know, today in China. But again, depending upon the speed with that, tolling always remains a flywheel, an option for us to go on the speed of branch to go to another alternative. But you're right, I mean, in time, that's why there's a plus/minus on that, it should come down. The [indiscernible] for the most part is a bridging strategy for us, sorry.
Eric Norris: So I think the question was the cost of our spodumene inventory versus the index. So as we showed in our first quarter results, we are still working off a little bit of spodumene that went into inventory in prior periods, that is at a little bit higher cost than where it is today, and we documented how much of that was in our first quarter results in our EBITDA bridge. You can expect that there'll be a little bit more of that spodumene that we'll have to work off. But for the most part, you will start to see a spodumene costs rolling through our COGS that is consistent with what is in the market as we get towards the middle of the year and in the back half of the year. And that's built into the outlook scenarios that we've been publishing.
Eric Norris: Yes. And just a little finer point on Neal's point, I mean we are those -- the new plants that are ramping will be as we grow, our business grows, they become a smaller part of the portfolio. So we'll still be building new plant and ramping over time, but they become a smaller percentage of the portfolio. And then at the moment, we have a lot of plants ramping in that particular phase. I didn't necessarily plan it that way, but that's how it's worked out. We've got, I think, 4 plants actually ramping now at the same time. And that's not the plan. Going forward, it won't be that many. And if they were, it would be a smaller part of the portfolio just because we've grown.
Eric Norris: Matt, this is Eric. We've got very good participation. We're very early in our process. And so we're very -- with a qualification process to make sure we're -- we're inviting people to these auctions that meet certain standards, but that's growing over time. The participation rate we received and the corresponding conversion of those invited versus those who put in a bid has been strong. The interest has been, therefore, good and the outcome has been well received what we think about the market, particularly from a price reporting agency, we found that these through the normal surveying process, the results of these bids have found their way into the price reporting agencies. Of course, they determine how they use that in their next calculations, but it's our anticipation that they're lending there as well. And then as we turn to the -- to our sort of contracted customer base, they appreciate that what we're doing is better understanding in what is a pretty immature market how -- what the drivers are, as Kent was referring to different types of prices, whether that's inside the country, outside of country or an IRA compliant, non-RA compliant product or a spodumene versus a better grade carbonate. It's giving us better intelligence to better segment, understand what's happening in the market and a lot of the same for our customers in the contract side ultimately because that would be reflected in the indices they referenced.
Eric Norris: Yes. So I touched on a little bit when I talked about IRA compliant. But just as reference, almost -- actually, all 4 auctions that we've done today have all been inside of China with available inventory on the ground there. We'll be looking for product outside of China shipped on a CIF basis, for example. We'll be looking at that certainly for our Australia product. We'll be looking at it for [indiscernible] compliance ship to the U.S. and across our product range, including hydroxide.
Eric Norris: Yes, this is Eric. As I pointed out, we've seen inventories at a fairly low level, ending in March, and I do think a part of the demand is to restock in anticipation of the midyear and into later year seasonality of EVs. It's one reason why it's very hard to look at Q1 sales of EVs and correlate that to real on-the-ground demand because the EVs that are being sold in the first quarter this year were lithium for that was sold late last year -- middle of the late of last year. And we are seeing -- I think it's a part of the demand that I referred to earlier, it's not only fundamental demand for what our increased EV sales that are coming in that -- we see in April and we expect in May and June, but also it's a result of some restocking because some of the levels of which inventory gone to, it just weren't sustainable for these operations to run without taking considerable risk of not being able to meet demand.
Eric Norris: Well, that's you're correct. You're referencing a report that we published on our SEC guidelines, which are have a different standard. It's not uncommon in mining for different standards around the world and different standards are more strict and how they should be exercised and that produced some of the results you're describing. This is still even in that report on a relative basis the best spodumene resource reported in the world. And our aims are to continue, as we've described to -- we are now executing with our joint venture partners at CGP3 expansion. There is the possibility long term, although we have not announced this formally or committed to it for further expansion of CGP4 and continued operation of that operation at its current grid reported for quite some years, decades to come. So our intention is to maximize that resource given its low cost potential.
Eric Norris: Right. So I'm not going to comment on other people's margins. But if we stay where we are, we can operate at about -- at a 30%-ish type margin rate once we get the noise out of the P&L, that kind of the transition from the big prices and some of the spodumene costs. So on a run rate we could get to around 30% and still grow our business for us. I think that's the good margins that you're talking about. We've had stronger margins than that, and they would be stronger if prices move up. The issue with price is really about returns on new investment projects more than it is about our existing business, P&L and the margins that we can deliver. So prices need to move up in order to develop new projects to get the growth the industry needs to support the EV transition. I'm not going to comment on because it's different by every project and every geography as to what price you need and you need to believe that for 10 or 15 years in order to get a return on the project when you go through FID. So I can't say a number and if I had one, I probably wouldn't say it, but they are different by geography, by region, by technology, what the resource looks like. So it's quite different. There's no way to pick one particular number.
Eric Norris: Yes. So Colin, just a little shed more color around that. I would say that we still see a market that is for hydroxide, high nickel is favored outside of China versus in with carbonate and supporting LFP being a very big part of the China market. The innovations that have been coming out of -- largely out of China and LFP chemistries for higher energy density and efficiencies as well as the cost profile of that cathode are obviously very increasingly now interesting to the West. And so we expect that. Certainly, our Chile position is in a position of power in which we can supply into that opportunity. We'll watch that carefully. As Kent talks about -- had talked about earlier about pausing the investment here in the U.S. or North America to figure out in this uncertain market direction and develop our own strategy there. One of those -- one of the components of that has to be on the assessment of LFP in the U.S., and that will be will be part of that equation as well.
Eric Norris: Let's put it this way. We don't disclose a lot of our price floors, and they tend to range because often based on age of contracts. At current prices, some of those floors, some are being tested, floors have held. And so we certainly are seeing the floors come into play for some of our business.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. David, this is Neal. Yes, absolutely. That's actually one of the reasons why we put that slide in the deck that showed that our range found that. I think that's Slide 17. So the way that we think about it, it's about a 500 basis point drag this year from the ramp-up of these new plants. Now you won't get all 500 basis points back in 2025 because obviously, we will still be working through the ramp of these facilities. But certainly, you can expect over the next couple of years as these facilities come up to full rate that you should start to see that margin expansion from those plants running full.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. And this is Neal. To the point of, can you see it in the financials, maybe just one example I'll give you is if you look at our SG&A line. So -- just remember that on the face of the income statement, our SG&A line includes about $35 million of onetime charges that was related to our restructuring activities that we announced in the first quarter. When you back that out and then look at our SG&A line versus the fourth quarter versus where we ended 2023, you will see about a $20 million to $25 million decline in our SG&A costs. So that gives you an idea that we are starting to see some traction on the productivity and restructuring savings that we already announced.
Neal Sheorey: John, so this is Neal. We would have to check your numbers. One of the big adjustments we made in the fourth quarter was that LCM, which really collapsed the gap that we previously had, that sort of 6-month lag that we had in the spodumene cost and how it rolls through cost of goods sold. Now even after taking the LCM, we did still -- prices did still come down as we started the first quarter. So we did still have a little bit of higher-priced spodumene that rolled through our P&L. But I think the numbers you're referring to maybe are before we took the LCM adjustment, and we collapsed a lot of that gap with that adjustment.
Neal Sheorey: I would -- no, I would say. But look, we're -- we've said it's not a core business for us. So we would look to divest that at some point. But -- and we went through a process, which we talked quite a bit about didn't get the value wanted. So we're doing a turnaround. That program is going pretty well, but we would still anticipate doing a transaction on that business when the timing is right.
Neal Sheorey: Well, actually, I have a little different viewpoint on that. I do think that our cash conversion should be improving in 2025 for a few reasons. Number one, as I mentioned or as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, our cash taxes are very similar this year to what we had last year, and that's primarily because of Australia, and we're paying taxes based on income from last year. If you assume that pricing is sort of flat for the rest of the year, I think you should assume that our cash taxes will be lower next year, all things being equal. The other part is that our facilities are so far, as you heard in Kent's remarks, ramping quite well. And so we would expect that those will start to contribute as we get into the back end of this year and into 2025. And as Kent mentioned, right now for where we are, the ramp that you see in our volume growth is just based on the projects that we are finishing up right now and are ramping right now. So we won't be ramping plants forever, that will most certainly come to an end and those plants will begin contributing and the back half of this year and into 2025. So I do anticipate our cash conversion to get better.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So I think we've commented on that earlier. So we can -- we would look at the billion that's kind of maintenance capital for us around to maintain our assets and continue to operate there. And we could -- if we -- if prices stay where they are, we could get to that kind of on a run rate by the end of '25, so '26 number, so to speak. '25 would be a little bit higher, but we get to the run rate by '25. That would impact our long-term growth if we went to that level. So the current planning that we have, the projects we're executing at the moment, get us kind of a 20% growth rate through '27 or so. And if we were to cut back to those levels, we'd impact that materially beyond that.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So I think if I -- let's talk about the second quarter first. So basically, the way to think about this, I think your numbers are probably all in the right kind of range. If you do the math based on the first quarter and what we said in the prepared remarks that we expect about a 10-point bump in energy storages, EBITDA margin in the second quarter. You probably will get into the range of about $100 million bump to EBITDA Q2 versus Q1. And that's really just driven primarily by the expectation that all partners are taking their allotment off of Talison plus we have that additional 200,000 tons that is getting offtake in the second quarter as well. And so that's basically what serves as the basis for the 10 percentage point bump. In terms of then going forward, it is sort of a onetime bump up. And then what you should expect in the third and the fourth quarter is that we'll come back down to again, pretty healthy margins. It won't be as healthy as the second quarter. But you can expect that we will, as our plants continue to ramp up and we continue to absorb fixed cost, that will continue to get some margin expansion versus the first quarter, for sure, in the third and the fourth quarters as we exit the year.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. So we will have volume -- at least sequentially, what you're asking about is, yes, we will have some higher volumes as we get into Q2 versus Q1. Remember that the peak for energy storage demand is usually in the third quarter. So we're building to that peak. So it won't be the highest quarter of the year. But yes, I would expect that you'll see a little bit higher volume in Q2 versus Q1.
Neal Sheorey: Yes. I'll start on that. Eric can fill in the gaps. I think -- I mean the biggest thing for us at the moment is with the primary products around hydroxide and carbonate is balancing that. So as LFP has become more prevalent. It's got stronger demand on carbonate and we've been a stronger -- a larger percentage of our portfolio is carbonate historically. We've been building out hydroxide and then balancing those 2 is understanding where those chemistries go. And then long term, it's going to be about solid state and then how you shift from so much -- be more about carbonated hydroxide to about lithium metal. But that's a longer-term scenario. The carbonate hydroxide is playing out in the assets we're building now.
