David Ryan: Thank you and welcome to Albemarle's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at www.albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissan, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Raphael Crawford, President, Catalysts; Netha Johnson, President, Bromine Specialties; and Eric Norris, President, Lithium. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about our outlook, expected company performance, production volumes and commitments as well as lithium demand may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about forward-looking statements contained in our press release, that same language applies to this call. Please also note that some of our comments today refer to financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. A GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings release and the appendix of our earnings presentation, both of which are posted on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Luke.
David Ryan: Operator, we are now ready to open the lines for Q&A. But before doing so I would like to remind everyone that please limit questions to two per person to ensure that all participants have a chance to ask questions. Then feel free to get back in the queue for follow-ups if time allows. Please proceed.
David Ryan: So at a high level, we've been dealing with the, if you look at Tosca in the US, if you look at some of the European Regulations globally. All of these flame retirements have been under review for, since I joined Albemarle in 2003 and we've done - we've done a really good job of moving away from some of the products that we're smaller so we getting a larger molecule, so it's harder formed bio-cumulate if at all. And we are constantly evolving our technology to be able to meet the needs that the customers have. So what you see in Europe, it's a small piece today, we believe it's controlled in that sense, and we continue to innovate to bring products to the market to meet what's really needed and is a serious issue related to flame retardants. And so I think that it's - it won't have an effect in 2020, maybe a small effect if anything around the edges and long-term will continue to innovate to provide the really needed flame retardants, that our customers need.
David Ryan: Well, I think all those four, five takes savvy producers you're talking about have sufficient volume. It's - what you're seeing is there is an oversupply in the market today and then I talked about it, carbonates sell in the China right now at $7 a kilo that's probably below some of the cash conversion costs for some of those China converters. So I would - you should not have the impression that there is any technological advance by some of the marginal producers is not, it is where it's been. The specs are getting tighter and ultimately long term, it's going to be for those EV battery grade - you're going to see those big four or five able to meet those specs on a consistent regular basis with the volume. There is other volume out there that is not the EV spec and that's where you're seeing in the technical grade and some other lower specs for other uses, you're seeing those lower producers, lower technology producers being able to come in at a price that they're comfortable with.
David Ryan: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and for your questions and participation. As always, we appreciate your interest. This concludes Albemarle's third quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so, this is Luke. Let me try that at a high level, if you look at page 11 on our, on the earnings presentation, you can see that year-over-year lithium prices is down about 30% and Albemarle has been flat to up slightly on our year-over-year comparisons each quarter on lithium pricing. And so the big mover that we're seeing on the down for the profitability from '19 to '20 all comes down to lithium pricing and how much of that we can offset with cost reductions. On catalysts, when we look next year, we'll have probably higher volume in FCC catalysts and it depends on HPC, how those bills - how they time out that we get some in its second half of next year, they roll into 2021. So again Catalysts or be there is some moving bits and pieces there but FCC would probably be stronger from a volume and price standpoint and HPC, probably a little bit weaker, but we're working hard to get some of those additional loads in 2020. And then on bromine, we don't have any additional volume, I mean we're running flat out right now and allocating every bromine molecule we have. So it all comes down to what do we see from an overall economic condition. What happens in the electronics, what do we see from automotive, we see a little pickup and this pricing hold. And then that's offset by cost actions. So those are the big moving pieces is preliminary right now, we will obviously have more information as we finish this quarter and head into - head into next year. So we'll update that on our - at our year-end earnings call.
Luke Kissam: Well, under those contracting structures, we have the ability to raise price on - a certain percentage of that volumes just like we have in the past. So we would, if the conditions tightened, we'll certainly be looking at pricing actions that we can take to raise those prices.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I will let Netha start and then I'll to go into the specific and then I'll tell you at a high level where we are.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so as I said, I'm not going to get into discussions about specific contract because we're in the middle of negotiation and that then do us any good. So, I hope you'll understand that. So let me back up and just say at a high level, there is pricing pressure across the portfolio. The most pressure is coming in carbonate, particularly in technical grade and in China, but that is having a ripple effect across the portfolio. So you're going to see it as you said, different levels of price movement, according to different products and according to that end market, but that's about it - that's about as much as I am comfortable going into, given the fact that we're in the middle of discussions.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so I can't see us buying carbonate from other parties to do anything. We'll have sufficient carbonate supply to do whatever we need to do from a - from a spodumene standpoint because of our geographic diversity that we have around the globe, what we'll do is we'll source spodumene from the source that gives us the highest net back to Albemarle and our stakeholders. So we are all in - we'll see where the market shakes out and where we are at that point in time, but you are right that we have flexibility for sourcing that not other producers have.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think we've been able to get some nice get rights in our JBC expansion that we did last year, that's enabled us to run it a little bit higher rates than we expected when we set the plan in place, and that will be the new run rate going forward, but we always do productivity enhancement and utilization increases and we'll continue to do that and we're very confident in our manufacturing capability to, to get out increased volumes from those manufacturing enhancements.
Luke Kissam: Yes, hey, this is Luke. We don't - we didn't what Eric was just talking about was overall that included battery grade as well as technical grade. So we think there is - we think there is an overhang of the supply chain for lithium derivatives overall. And what I said in the prepared remarks is we think we're looking at 12 months to 18 months of trying market conditions and we think that's about the time it's going to take for people to work at all, that's our view today.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I can't you comment on what other people are thinking about doing. I can tell you what we're doing is - we're going to take control of what we can control. So you can see when the joint venture deal with MRL close, we made the decision to idle those assets, because we don't need to bring anymore spodumene right to the market in this market conditions. Secondly, we're going to take actions internally from a cost standpoint to ensure that what we can control, we will control.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so Talison contribution in '20 relative to '19, remember that Talison is a raw material supplier to GIC and Albemarle and that's really it both from a technical grade perspective as well as from a battery grade perspective that we take that rock and converted as CNG does into our - in our assets are in total converters. So it's going to be essentially that, that volume or will be similar to up slightly based Tianqi's bring on a new client and so I would expect it to be slightly higher than what we saw in 2019.
Luke Kissam: Yes, this is Luke, HPC, just simply a lumpy business and what you have to do is the customer mix, the product mix as well as what that - what the fills are going to be in any one period of time. So that's the only reason I say it could be down. It's got nothing to do with overall market demand, not a share issue, not a price issue. It's just simply a matter of the fields that we expect today. Now, if we were sitting here in 2018, we got more fills in 2019 than we expected - we did in '18. So the team is still working, we may be able to move some orders up a little bit or get a little bit better mix, so it's early but yet people ask what an indication is from where we are today. It looks like HPC is going to be a little bit down and FCC is going to be up. Thanks.
Luke Kissam: So our sales volumes in '19. So you're one about the growth and what it's like year-on - versus prior year, that growth is coming - is coming from - both from Xiniya - the ramp up of Xiniya II, which is now running at full rates, but from the first half of year is ramping, so we'll be three quarters full there for this year, so that, the 20,000 ton plants, so that's a big part of our growth. And the remainder is coming from La Negra though - La Negra we haven't run as well as we wanted to in the third quarter. We expect to show favorable year-on-year growth during the fourth quarter of 1,000, a couple of thousand tonnes or so for the year.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I don't - I don't know how much we're going to get in next year, because some of it is - it's going to take a little bit of time. So we will update you in December, we will have more information at the Investor Day, and then we will roll out into our fourth quarter earnings call, we'll give you more update, David.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so let me do the first one and then Eric and talk about some details on, we're running at about 38,000, is that about right, Eric? Between 38,000 and 39,000 met tons for La Negra this year. And one of the things that we've done is we've taken some of the best process engineers, we have around the company from Catalysts from fine chemistry services from Bromine and they've been down in La Negra over the last couple of months helping with some best in class, some debottlenecks and things like that. So I'm confident next year that we'll be able to build from where we are, not have the hit - not have the rain event - not have the struggles with the Bromine because of the rain and things such as that. So, I feel good about where we are in the progress that we're making.
Luke Kissam: That's a lot of questions. So let me try to address them one at a time. Overall, we don't take any brine from anybody else until it and we don't give our brine anybody else to toll for us. So if we have a slowdown at La Negra what we lose a 1,000 metric tons. We take spodumene from our Talison supply and have a third party generally in China totally either to carbonate or hydroxide and we generally if is told to carbonate at least in 2019, previously, it might have been a little bit different, but in 2019 we use that for internal consumption mainly to go downstream into our specialty businesses, and we continue to sell our carbonate directly to third party customers.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so let me be clear, Dmitry. It is, it is not the refining Catalysts, it is not FCC and it is not HPC, the inquiries have been for the PCS portion of that business, which you are right, are the organometallics and the curatives.
Luke Kissam: Dmitry, just like asking me which one of my children are favorable, I love them all. I wouldn't call an orphan business, but I would say that they are quality businesses with good operating teams that can do much better if they have a focus and additional capital and with the competition for capital. We have, they're just not going to get it. So it's a better value creation for our stakeholders for divestiture. If, and only if, the valuation is where it needs to be. So that's how I look at it, okay.
Luke Kissam: Well, the best cost position in the world from spodumene rock is Talison and if you follow the purity of the rock and lack of foreign substances in there you follow the cost curve, with Talison is the premier in the world. If you take Talison out of the picture then Wodgina is right up there on the cost curve with the low cost producers out there from a quality resource, from the size of the resource, from the linked that we're going to be able to monitor from the cost position that we'll be able to get. So, it is a top tier resource from a cost standpoint and from a quality standpoint. Remember, we weren't planning to sell that spodumene, we we're going to use it to convert it to lithium hydroxide and when we look at the market today, it makes sense for us, we think today to treat Wodgina in the same way we treat Talison as a raw material source for the MARBL limited joint venture between Albemarle in MRL. So we'll get Kemerton online and we'll start that bright mechanical completion sometime in 2021. We have a period of time where we have to have qualification runs and then we'll look to source Wodgina with Kemerton. To the extent the market conditions makes sense for us to bring whatever amount of capacity it makes for us to bring on for lithium hydroxide. We don't need to operate it wide open on day one, we'll will bring on capacity to meet that demand for lithium hydroxide and that will dictate how we run the Wodgina mine.
Luke Kissam: Yes, I think lithium, we'll be able to fund it, if we start back and look lithium cash flow positive in 2021, '22 kind of time frame inclusive of service and it's debt, if you had to and things, like that, but right now, our goal is to drive shareholder value. When we look at our portfolio today, we see bromine and catalysts good solid business, high EBITDA margins that allows us to harvest cash and use that for the Lithium business. So we will consistently as we always have a look at our portfolio, but for the foreseeable future, we like where we are after these two divestitures.
Luke Kissam: What we interpret as what - is going on is a pause, right, it's a - it's a shift in policies to intent the development of an industry that is part of the grand plan for China. So we have no doubt about Chinese intent and where they want to go and what we are hearing. Specifically, is that the drive towards higher energy density batteries and full battery electric vehicles is the aim of where they want to go. So we - recognize that, in the past couple of months it's been a pause, it's been a little slow, but we view that as simply a natural pause in the road of what will be significant growth, and we're certainly seeing that in the global EV space in Europe today.
Luke Kissam: We, as we said, I think on the call, you got $7 a kilo price kind of in China right now, we think that's about where their - whether cash cost of conversion is, I have seen a hard time them going much, much lower than that.
Luke Kissam: Well, a couple of things I'll say. One is that the demand growth for carbonate remains strong, demand outlook for hydroxide is much stronger. Today, the workhorse of the industry is six to two chemistry, that we made with carbonate, four hydroxide which plays to Albemarle's advantages, we're the only producer that has ability to play both. As to the future, we see hydroxide, because of the growth we see in the hydroxide market getting tight, but today, I don't know that we would forecast any major change in spreads between the two.
Luke Kissam: Yes, so, Kevin. We're talking to everybody as I said, we're in negotiations under our existing long-term agreements and for new long-term agreements, both in the - both with OEMs, as well as with additional battery producers. So we are in negotiations and in discussions with a lot of moving parts and pieces and what that tells me is that, there is ability - there is a need for a security of supply from companies like Albemarle and everybody knows we're not - we will enter into a contract, long-term today at a $7 a kilo price for carbonate, is it not happen, we're not going to do it, it don't make any sense for us to do a lot of that in, because we think the market is going to move up. So we know the value we bring, I think the customers know the value that we bring as well and we're inclined to enter into agreements that will drive value for our stakeholders. That's the best way I know to describe it.
Eric Norris: I would just offer that in looking at price in China, if you were asking that question, but we are talking about price three months ago, we would have talked to - talking about an $8 or $9 price and now we're talking about a $7 price. So that's your difference right there. In China, the small part of our business, but it is a part, and that's the impact it's had on our P&L.
Eric Norris: Hey, Arun, it's Eric here. I think the big drivers for us are not necessarily about demand. We feel fundamentally that while we've seen a pause in China, that's a pause and our long-term view for the global EV growth remains intact. So our focus is on supply and inventory that's in the channel. And there - we believe on our assessment. There is not a lot, there's not enough new supply or let's put it this way. The new supply coming in will not exceed the demand growth. So the question is how much is still an inventory? There is probably at least six months of product in inventory, maybe more so you're probably two to three times the level inventory, you should have, and that's the drag on price now then we see that having an effect into 2020.
Eric Norris: So Jim, I'll just add. I'll move beyond Bromine issue in the rain, we've talked about that enough this year, but in terms of reliability and uptime of the plant, we expected more reliability and more uptime during the third quarter than we had. Let me first of all point out, at this point it's sold out. So everything we make, we can sell. So if there is and our time issue is going to have an impact, and that's why we're backfilling where we can - where we're qualified to do so with tollers. Now that being said, as Luke earlier said, we had the best October we've ever had in that or that month we ever had in the month of October. We've got to sustain that, it's been a large measure due to upskilling from people from outside of the Lithium business, but we've also brought a new operational talent and we're building skills within the organization. It's a journey, right, it's an operation, so this plant has to be operationally excellent and we're on our way there, the aim is world class, but we're not there yet.
Eric Norris: So, hey, Colin, this is Eric. So what we are seeing, and I've talked about before and it continues is a shift of power decision-making around Lithium and battery materials used in a battery to the battery manufacturers in sales and in some cases the OEM is getting more engaged. And so when we look at how we do business going forward, that is the group that we speak with as a group or partner with, that's a group, we have a great deal of our contract relationships already. Cathode players form the balance that's where there is more stress in the value chain, there is a lot more fragmentation and I think you will see some consolidation over time there, but it's hard to say at what pace that would occur, but that's the dynamic we see and we're well balanced and prepared with pretty deep relationships across all of those three parties, OEMs, battery producers, cathode producers.
