Lorin Crenshaw: Thank you, Patrick, and welcome, everyone, to Albemarle's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings were released after the close of the market yesterday and you'll find our press release, earnings presentation and non-GAAP reconciliations posted on our website under the Investors section at albemarle.com. Joining me on the call today are Luke Kissam, Chief Executive Officer; Scott Tozier, Chief Financial Officer; Matt Juneau, President, Performance Chemicals; and Michael Wilson, President, Catalyst Solutions. As a reminder, some of the statements made during this conference call about the future performance of the company may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Please note the cautionary language about our forward-looking statements contained in our press release. That same language applies to this call. Please note that our comments today regarding our financial results exclude all nonoperating or special items, and reconciliations related to any non-GAAP financial measures discussed may be found in our press release or earnings presentation, which are posted on our website. Before turning the call over to Luke, I would like to take this opportunity to ask investors and analysts to mark their calendars for our 2014 Investor Day in Houston, Texas with an investor briefing scheduled for the afternoon of May 15 and an opportunity to visit our refinery catalyst plant and R&D facilities scheduled for the morning of May 16. We look forward to sharing with you the growth drivers and industry outlook for each of our core businesses and showing off our world-class production units and R&D facilities. Further details will be made available in the near future, but please be sure to save the dates of May 15 and 16 on your calendar. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Lorin Crenshaw: Thanks, Luke. Operator, we're ready to open the lines for Q&A at this time. [Operator Instructions] Please proceed, operator.
Lorin Crenshaw: Well, thanks, everyone, for your attention and for joining us. And as usual, we're available to answer more questions throughout the day and the coming weeks. Thank you.
Luther C. Kissam: Thanks, Lorin, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin the call by culminating on the company's results and accomplishments for the year. Scott will review select highlights related to business segment performance and financial results, and I'll end by providing some perspective on our current outlook. At the end of our prepared remarks, Matt and Michael will join Scott and me to address your questions. In 2013, Albemarle generated excellent cash flow, maintained top quartile profitability levels and returned over $660 million to our shareholders via stock repurchases and increased dividends, the highest such annual cash outlay for a single year in our history. Even with that record cash outlay, we ended the year with a strong balance sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of approximately 1x. We finished 2013 by delivering fourth quarter net income of $88 million, or $1.08 per share, that resulted in full year earnings of $342 million or $4.06 per share. Net sales for the quarter totaled $692 million and were $2.6 billion for the full year, while EBITDA was $147 million and $576 million for the quarter and year, respectively. Profitability, as measured by EBITDA margin, was 21% for the fourth quarter and 22% for the full year. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in a moment. However, at a high level, Refinery Catalyst delivered double-digit volume growth over 2013. Lower metals pass-through drove over 70% of the 10% year-over-year catalyst price decline highlighted in the earnings deck accompanying our financial results with the balance being driven by product mix and lower pricing within Performance Catalyst Solutions. Delivering superior end use performance continues to be the only sustainable way to create value in the refinery catalyst industry, and 2013 was no different. Our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners challenged to meet tighter, ultra-low sulfur diesel regulations around the world; those managing new contaminants present in North American tight oil and those in the Middle East and Asia, seeking to use heavier feedstock while pushing for higher propylene yields. Within Polymer Solutions, we continue to manage through an uncertain environment, characterized by reduced demand, cautious inventory management by our customers and some price degradation. Nevertheless, the business maintained high margins in the -- excuse me, nevertheless, the business maintained margins in the high teens for the year. Fine Chemistry results were down year-over-year, primarily reflecting lower utilization rates and some price degradation in the bromine and HBr. Clear completion fluids had a fantastic year, setting revenue and volume records and was able to offset some, but not all, of the weakness in these other areas. In 2013, we executed several initiatives that strengthened our competitive position and laid the foundation for greater innovation and organic growth going forward. We successfully started up 3 new facilities: a polyolefin catalyst center in South Korea, a world-class aluminum alkyl facility in Saudi Arabia in partnership with SABIC and a significant expansion of our bromine and clear completion fluid capacity in Jordan. These new units, while unlikely to reach utilization rates -- high utilization rates for 2 or 3 years given current market conditions, are all state-of-the-art units, designed using the best technology and benefiting from our many years of hands-on operating experience. Each site strengthens our competitive positions in key markets and will certainly pay dividends long into the future. We also realigned our organizational structure into 2 globally integrated business units: Catalyst Solutions and Performance Chemicals. Going forward, our strategy will be to grow and strengthen our catalyst franchise; maximize the life cycles and profitability of our current bromine products; identify, develop and commercialize new applications for bromine; and improve operational excellence through One Albemarle. The reorganization allowed us to simplify our structure, reduce management layers and free up resources to redeploy to areas such as R&D, sales and business development in our core businesses to accelerate growth. We believe the successful execution of these strategic initiatives will drive top quartile returns for our shareholders in the coming years. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll turn it over to Matt. But I think if you really look, we were at the high teens in 2013 overall, and that I think we could maintain that. I think it's difficult to look at any one quarter because you have moving parts back and forth, but I think the cadence of it for the full year is going to be in that range. Go ahead, Matt.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I'll let Matt talk the details. But I think that really in the bromine chain, we've done a fairly good job of pushing down our inventory levels there. And Matt can talk more about details.
Luther C. Kissam: We're not -- we had to be careful there because, remember, we added some capacity in bromine and in clear brine. So if you look, overall, and Matt, I think this is generally where we are, if you look at bromine rates at -- for 2013, we ended the year roughly at about 68% for bromine and we're going to run a little -- maybe a little bit slower in the first quarter because of what Matt said in clear brine, a little bit stronger in the second quarter, but for the year maybe up 1 point or so but about there for bromine. If you look at all BFRs, for the year, we ran about a little over 50% capacity utilization for -- on all brominated flame retardants and we'll again start off the year a little slower because maintaining that inventory and Matt will talk later, I'm sure, about Chinese New Year. But we'll end the year roughly -- to hit the forecast roughly the same level as we did '13.
Luther C. Kissam: I think the start-up costs -- we keep calling start-up costs. There are some that are actually start-up costs, but what you're seeing in '13 -- what you saw in '13 and what we're seeing in '14 is the full year impact of the cost that it takes to operate those sites and they're still in qualification runs, so you're not getting the revenue to offset that start-up, if you will. So I just want to be sure -- those start-up costs aren't going away. The costs are going to be there. We need revenue to fill it up, post qualification, to be able to drive that. Why don't I turn it over to Scott or Michael for more detail there.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, I'll take that. I mean, largely what's happened is you've seen costs continued to rise that we've had there. Some of it is raw material costs, some of it is depreciation, some of it is costs relative to people because you've got kind of 3% going up every year. You've also got price from 2009 till the day you've seen it go up and then you've seen it come back down. So Matt can add to it, but just a combination of increased prices, but the bigger driver is some price degradation.
Luther C. Kissam: We're not seeing anybody shutting down anything. I mean, I think at the end of the day when you look at bromine, it all comes down to what happens with the Chinese bromine because those guys will run for cash and at the levels -- even today at the levels that everybody is glowing [ph] about, about the profitability. We're still making a very good return on bromine and there's a -- from a cash operating standpoint, there's a lot of cash to be made at these levels. It's an excellent business. We get wonderful leverage on it. And I think people forget sometimes that the value that it creates and the cash it generates at the levels that they are here, we're still talking. If you look at polymers, I guess, the way I would say this, if you look at polymers, we had high teens margins. But not every product across the portfolio has average margins. And if you look at that, your brominated flame retardants are going to be at much higher than that average that you see in polymers and any antioxidants and mineral flame retardants is going to be much lower. So at the end of the day, you're looking at a blended average of that margin. It's still -- there are very good margins to be made in these brominated flame retardants at the prices that we saw in 2013.
Luther C. Kissam: It's roughly half. And there are incentives tied to management's AIP and long-term incentive to ensure that we're properly incented to drive that working capital out and keep it out.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, from a priority standpoint, acquisitions need to be consistent with the strategy that we laid out. So that strategy is strengthen and grow our Catalysts franchise and really seek new applications for bromine. So if you look at it, I can see either an -- any acquisition or any type of bolt-on or collaboration will be something that would either be in the bromine area to drive -- strengthen our current products or drive additional use or to strengthen and grow our Catalysts business. So I think you can look for us to work on projects in those areas.
Luther C. Kissam: I would say that as we get it up and running -- one thing I'd say is that is the best aluminum alkyl facility in the world. It is the most efficient and it should be the low cost once we get it up and running and we expect to do that. So we're going to be strategically able to supply that growing region better. Do I wish that all of -- a lot of that volume wasn't coming out of our Pasadena site? Certainly. But that's the nature of the beast. And I think what you've got to watch is what happens in Europe over the long term, and also when these other ethylene and polyethylene plants come online in the U.S. over the next 5 years, we're going to be in the single best competitive position of all the producers. So we may be a little early, but I still love it from a competitive standpoint.
Luther C. Kissam: I'll let -- as a general rule, and I'm going to turn it over to Matt for a second, if you don't mind. I think as a general, anytime you're looking at anything, it's demand. So what is the demand out there for the products? Are consumers going out? Are they buying in the developed world -- where you have flame retardant standards, are they buying the electronics? What kind of electronics are they buying? Are they building houses? Is the construction market moving? Is automotive moving? So there's that whole host of consumer-driven confidence on what's going on with markets to drive more demand that you've got to look to. And then we've got to be competitive from a resin system or the products that we're in, in those ultimate end markets. So it's not -- I don't think it's one thing that I can -- that you could point to. But I think overall, we need demand to pick up. And once demand picks up, we have unbelievable leverage for every additional pound of bromine that is produced and where it goes and what it does. And that -- I'm only focusing on the electronics. But Matt, you want to talk a little broader about mercury and other...
Luther C. Kissam: But if we look -- if you fast-forward into the future and you see that we're not going to be able to close a meaningful transaction consistent with our strategy at a price that we think delivers, we can deliver long-term value to our stakeholders and -- because we're generating sufficient cash that we can fund our maintenance capital, the growth capital fairly easily, then you could see a situation where you could go above that 1.0. That's not a magic line. That's not the Mendoza Line in baseball or anything like that. It's just the line that we've done that we think that gives us a lot of flexibility. We can always lever up if we need to, but that gives us the room as we look at acquisitions to go -- to fund our strategy to give us a comfort level that we can have that capability while at the same time delivering real returns to our shareholders.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes, well, first of all, I don't know what my competitors' returns are other than what I read in their public documentation. And a lot of producers in China have no idea what their costs are. I mean, I have a view but I don't know whether it's accurate, just I believe. So I don't know what kind of money they're making. I know from what the figures we have that there's still some room in there. But you also got to look at, at some point, what's happening in the marketplace. And as that volume grows with this mercury emission, whether it's bromine use somewhere else, whether so on, that gets allocated and becomes less and less volume available to fund some of these products that are at low pricing right now. So there's going to be opportunities, I think, for pricing there. I mean, if you look at the pricing, there's still a little ways it could go. I mean, sure, you could -- I lived through 2009, so I could always find a scenario where it could go lower. But that's certainly not our expectations today. And as I think Matt said, we've seen stabilization in the second half of 2013 and don't see any reason -- don't see anything right now on the horizon that would lead us to believe there is precipitous potential for a default further.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, it will be tough to cut too many fixed costs out. We're always looking at a way to do so. There is some leverage that we pulled back in 2009 that we haven't pulled yet because, quite frankly, we haven't had to do so. There's still cost levers that we can pull. We're all working on continuous cost improvements. And I think there's opportunities there should the situation warrant it.
Luther C. Kissam: Yes. I mean, Scott, on a full year basis, it's roughly $30 million, right? It's roughly $30 million that we're freeing up to redeploy, but there's a lot of timing issues on that, Mike, about when people leave and when new people come in. So I really -- I caution you, guys. I'm going to redeploy that money. I'm going to redeploy it in the R&D, into business development and growth so that we can kick -- we've got to maintain our competitive advantage in the Catalysts business. I could listen to the competitors calls. You know that their technology that they're working on is aimed right at our sweet spot. We've got to find new uses for bromine and accelerate it. We will continuously in this demand questions that we're getting on all these calls and rightly so about what the demand is. So we've got to deploy those resources, and I'm not taking it to the bottom line.
Luther C. Kissam: I think as you look at the breakdown between those and you think about the first quarter, FCC will be stronger in the first quarter than CFT just because of the quarter that we had in the fourth quarter in CFT. But if you look at Refinery Catalyst overall, we're just going to see a strengthening as we go forward.
Luther C. Kissam: Well, I hope that end of this year, on a run rate basis, we'll be there. Steve, one other thing is I just want, in terms of priority, people ask -- what Michael's talking about the earnings and where it would shape for the year, that's really -- that's about Catalysts, not about the whole company. I just want to caution everybody about that. I think if you look at our 2014, the first quarter probably similar to the first quarter of 2013. And then we're going to make probably 55% to 60% of our earnings for the year in the second and third quarter and then see the fourth quarter be kind of similar to the first. So you're going to see kind of a hill for the year, if that makes sense, not a huge hill, but a little bit of a slug. It's going to be, first, similar to the first of last year; second, strong; our third, the strongest; and then fourth kind of back a little bit like the first quarter whenever you look at our full year from an earnings standpoint.
Luther C. Kissam: Not quite. I wouldn't put -- the third will be stronger than the second. So it's going to be -- the third will be stronger.
Matthew K. Juneau: No, I would say that is right. If you look overall, fourth quarter did have some impact because of slightly lower clear brine volumes. We're seeing this come back in the first quarter. So I think if you look at 2013 on average, it gives a better predictor of 2014 then just the fourth quarter.
Matthew K. Juneau: If you look at brominated flame retardants, actually we brought inventory down on a days basis throughout the year. And we ended the year in what I would characterize as about the appropriate level of inventory for the brominated FR business, so we don't have an inventory overhang. If you look at the non-FR bromine derivatives, similar story, except in the fourth quarter we did get caught just a little bit by the slowdown in clear brines and we'll be adjusting that as the year goes on.
Matthew K. Juneau: Okay. I'll take that one if you look overall at pricing trends, clearly, we've had some price degradation, but that has mostly stabilized at this point. And we are really seeing 2014 as roughly flat with the way we ended 2013 right now. And if you look specifically at what we did in the fourth quarter when we announced the price increase on tetrabrom, we did see some support for that from the major producers of tetrabrom. We didn't see the type of support we'd like to see if you look specifically at the Chinese-type suppliers.
Matthew K. Juneau: That's an accurate statement. We've had some cost creep that we're working on right now. And we have had some price erosion, as we've talked earlier. Again, that price erosion is basically, at this point, stabilized as we enter 2014.
Matthew K. Juneau: Yes. Maybe worth adding a little bit on the non-FR side. So obviously, we had a very good year on volume in clear brines in 2013, as Luke alluded to. The trends out there for 2014 are for continued growth in that business. And we feel we are very well positioned when you look at where our assets are, having the assets in the Middle East and the assets here in the U.S. or the Gulf of Mexico, which are still the 2 key regions for clear brine demand. So our outlook for that business is for growth. Luke alluded to mercury as well. Mercury -- total demand for mercury control is growing and it will continue to grow as we get into 2015 when the EPA mandates come into play. So that's going to also drive, I think, additional consumption of bromine. Anything that drives additional tightening of the overall bromine supply demand chain is ultimately good for the industry from a supply/demand point of view, obviously.
Matthew K. Juneau: And we'll get another view of the market clearly after Chinese New Year. So we're in that stage right now that you're in every year with this business, where you're waiting to see how things are going to play after Chinese New Year. But there's nothing out there now to say that demand is going to hit south on us. We don't predict that of all.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes. I mean, I think for the year, overall, our share percentage is up 1% to 2%. So not a big movement there.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, I think to quantify the cost that Luke's talking about is probably in the midteens in millions that we'd expect is really in 2 components: it's the additional operating costs that we brought on, plus the fact that we'll be shifting some volumes from production in Pasadena to our joint venture in Saudi Arabia. So that's part of that midteens millions headwinds I'm talking about, in addition to the costs that we've had.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, we're actually anticipating a favorable mix in HPC relative to what we saw in 2013. So that's going to be a contributor to earnings growth in that division.
D. Michael Wilson: We have budgeted pricing roughly flat with the way pricing ended the year. Obviously, we'll be looking for opportunities if demand trends would help us. But right now, we're assuming flat pricing.
D. Michael Wilson: This is Michael. We're actually expecting higher pricing in 2014. We announced a price increase, I think, midyear 2013. We're in the process of implementing that just given contract cycles and customer cycles. It will -- that's going to happen over a couple of year time period. So I would say prices will be modestly higher in FCC 2014.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, you're exactly right. The pricing weakness is in the polymer side of the business and it's really related to global overcapacity for organometallics that we sell into that segment. We're in part responsible for that with capacity that we brought on, but others have brought capacity in as well. So that's a very competitive market at the moment.
D. Michael Wilson: Sure, Mike. And first of all, I'm glad you didn't ask me about [indiscernible] pricing. These are really performance businesses. And we sell based upon that performance in solving customer problems. And the comment that I made to our leadership team in the last week was we may ship products that we really create value by solving customer problems. So we're going to manage this as a specialty business. Our objective is to accelerate growth in Catalysts and I think we've got the platform and the technology to do that. Technology leadership is going to be very critical to us going forward. It's key to our long-term success. On the Performance Chemicals side, the PCS side, where we've got some overcapacity situation, we're working very hard to build the volumes to fill out that capacity. I think you've got a market segment overall and polyolefins is probably growing today at 5% per year. As Luke pointed out, that could get accelerated as some new projects come on in the U.S. because of the advent of the shale gas. But In addition, participation in the electronics segment of that, specifically LED segment, we're looking at double-digit growth rates. So yes, we do have excess capacity today, but I think we'll fill that out over time and the returns and the economics of that business will improve sequentially as we do that.
D. Michael Wilson: Yes, this is Michael Wilson. I think as you look at sort of the calendarization of our outlook, it's going to strengthen from the first quarter as we go into the second and third quarters. So the first quarter sequentially will be down a bit from the fourth quarter. We had a very strong fourth quarter, but still good in the first quarter and then we'll see it strengthen then as we go into the second and third quarters. So I think typically people would tell you that, at least on the FCC side, the first and fourth quarters typically are weaker quarters. That hasn't necessarily been the case over the last couple of years, but it is a general trend.
