Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, it's Cameron. I'll just add a few things. One, if you think about EVO through the lens of our strategy, I'd say, first and foremost, roughly 40% of the business today is technology-enabled. So very much aligned with our view around driving growth in our business through enablement of technology around the globe with software as the leader in that overarching strategy is the first point I would make. The second is a key element of our strategy is having exposure to faster growth markets around the world that helped to drive top line rates of growth that are superior but also gives us an opportunity to bring new technologies to those markets to drive, again, even better rates of growth in markets with strong secular growth trend. And clearly, EVO fits the bill from that perspective as well. And then I would say, third, it does bring us software, particularly in the B2B space, AR automation software and B2B payments capabilities that nicely augment what we already have and allow us to continue to build out a technology-enabled distribution strategy around B2B payments. So it aligns very nicely with the B2C technology-enabled strategy we've been building for many years. So I think EVO in totality really complements many aspects of our strategy today and aligned very nicely with the business we've been trying to build over the last decade.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Darrin, it's Cameron. Maybe just a couple of other tactical points. I can't really emphasize enough the value proposition associated with the proprietary ERP integrations and how that will accelerate our B2B strategy. We're very successful at selling B2B acceptance today without those integrations with those integrations and the accompanying AR software. I think our go-to-market strategy around B2B payment acceptance is meaningfully accelerated, and we're very excited about that. Secondly, and this goes back to a couple of my comments back at the investor conference, when we're able to integrate full AP automation with money in, money out solutions to Jeff point earlier, we have a comprehensive, complete sort of B2B payment offering we can bring largely to the mid-market and going up to the enterprise market. I don't think anyone else in the industry can really touch. so I think it really does highly complement what it is we're trying to do as a go-to-market strategy from B2B with the integrations again being a key emphasis of the value proposition that EVO brings to Global Payments.
Cameron Bready: And Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll just add one other point to that, which is, look, we're about to reach the third anniversary of our merger with TSYS. So the timing is right for us as well. We're ready to take this on as an integration matter. Our teams are excited about the opportunity, particularly what it does to our European business. Essentially, we'll have roughly $1 billion European business now going forward and obviously, the scale and additional capabilities it brings to us in markets like the U.S., Mexico, U.K., where we also have large businesses today. I think the team is delighted to have the opportunity. So the timing works for us well as an execution matter.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll maybe start and ask Jeff to chime in if you'd like to have anything else. I think we have very competitive market-leading offerings in the POS software space. We're really delighted with the progress we've made in that business. That 40% growth rate in the quarter is probably off of 50% to 60$ last year. So we continue to scale that business nicely with our full suite of kind of retail and restaurant POS capabilities that stem from, again, all the way down to the very small end of the market up to the higher end of the mid-market, even into the low enterprise space with the capabilities that we have. We also launched this quarter, what we call our retail and restaurant Essentials Package, which we're really excited about because it basically brings some of the vertical fluency that exists in the upper end of the market that we have with our retail and restaurant product today, down to the lower end of the market. So they get the benefits of verticalization, but a simpler solution that they can grow and scale with over time into our core retail and restaurant offering. And I think that's going to drive even additional tailwinds on in our POS business going forward. So look, we think we're very well positioned in the competitive landscape. Obviously, it's a landscape that has a lot of intense competitors and quality products that we have to business on ourselves against. But I think our distribution capabilities, the scale we have in the business, the feature functionality, we're able to bring to retail and restaurant customers, coupled with the service offerings that we have I think, really positions us well to continue to grow nicely in that space, and it will be a tailwind for the overall business going forward. And the last thing I would say is somewhat unique about us is our ability to bring those capabilities to markets outside of the U.S. I talked about that in my prepared remarks, but we're bringing a lot of our POS software solutions into Canada, the U.K., Central Europe, Spain, and we'll look to do that further in EVO markets as well, driving further distinction and differentiation in those international markets, again, creating more tailwinds for growth in our overall POS opportunities.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Dave, it's Cameron. I'll start there, and I'll ask Josh to jump in as well with any other comments he'd like to add. So I would say, first and foremost, yes, we talked about the EBITDA synergies being $125 million, that will flow through to EBIT. There's no sort of acute gains being played around D&A. Those are all EBIT savings as well as EBITDA savings for the business. Look, there's a lot of opportunities on the revenue side. I talked about this extensively in the script, I think overlaying our vast distribution capabilities with EVO business is very attractive. The ability to bring our commerce enablement solution, vertical market software POS capabilities into EVO's existing base of customers. I think is very attractive, cross-selling UCP to EVO's enterprise customers for multinational acquiring, I think, is an attractive opportunity. And of course, EVO's B2B solutions and what that does to our own B2B strategy and go-to-market positioning is incredibly attractive as a revenue growth matter. And then, of course, there's a significant amount of overlap in our businesses. So when we look at an opportunity like EVO, there is obviously synergy opportunities and aligning go-to-market strategies in harmonizing our sales and distribution platforms. Clearly, technology will be a significant source of synergy benefits as we put the 2 businesses together, the operating environment, the customer service environments, the ability to leverage our captive offshore in the Philippines and some of what we've been able to do from a servicing perspective to gain scale. I think all of that drives a significant amount of synergy opportunity in the deal I would say that our levels are at or more attractive even than we've seen in the Heartland transaction and the TSYS transaction historically. So we feel very good about the number. I have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver it over the 2-year time horizon we outlined in the call earlier today and are anxious to get started.
Cameron Bready: Ramsey, it's Cameron. I'll start and ask Jeff or Josh, to jump in with any other additional commentary. So I would say a couple of things on the margin front. Obviously, I think it reflects continued very strong execution of the business. I'm really proud of our teams around the globe. We've been able to continue to drive, I think, higher levels of incremental margin in the business, which has created an overall tailwind, I think, for margin expansion. I think the second thing we've seen is recovery in markets that have slightly lower margin profiles that have been a nice tailwind to margin expansion as well. Asia Pacific is a good example of that. It grew double digits on a constant currency basis, again this quarter. Obviously, the Asia Pacific region continues to struggle with COVID, but we do see some tailwinds to growth there, which I think creates some overall tailwinds to growth in margin overall. And I would say, lastly, to your question around yields, I think it continues to be a bit of a mix conversation. As our vertical market businesses continue to recover, you'll see that the yield has drifted up a little bit. That's what we forecasted previously, and I think we commented on the fact that we would anticipate that having as we work through 2022. So I think if you look at the business today, excluding Russia, we grew top line. On constant currency basis, about 15%, volume grew about 15%. So that delta between revenue growth and volume was really negligible, showing kind of a better yield environment, some of that due to overall mix in the business, some of it due to vertical markets recovering or continuing to recover to some degree as well.
Cameron Bready: Sure, Ramsey, I'll start again. It's Cameron. I think July continues to trend in line with our expectations, relatively consistent, I would say, with what we've seen in June and May sort of time frame. I think the consumer continues to be in a relatively healthy place like you, and I'm sure everyone else on the phone, we watch that very, very closely. But we continue to see, I'd say, good volume trends in the business, very stable, very consistent with what we'd expect. No real sign sitting here today of any material weakness kind of on the consumer front. I think we're still in this period. Obviously, there's a lot of activity during the summer months. I think there's been a lot of pent-up demand for consumers to get out and about and engage more in experiences and maybe less so in goods. And we'll see how that trends kind of through the balance of the year given the overall macro environment we're operating in. But I think we continue to be relatively I'd say, comfortable with how we see volumes progressing through July relative to our expectations.
Cameron Bready: No, I think I covered the well. The only other comment I would add is, just like we see meaningful opportunities in some of our own software businesses, we see a lot of opportunities with our partners as well, sort of working to integrate MineralTree into their existing software suite of solutions across the 6,000 ISV partners that we work with today. So meaningful cross-sell opportunities. I think when we can marry that with AR software as well, that's going to open up even more doors for us and provide more opportunities to drive faster rates of growth across the entire B2B channel.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Darrin, it's Jeff. Great question, I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to comment again, too. So first, let me complement Jim and EVO for building just an absolutely rock-solid and terrific business overall, but specifically in light of your question on B2B business. So we are extremely impressed during our diligence with the team and the culture of EVO, but for these purposes in particular, the B2B assets. So if you back up, Darrin, to MineralTree, which we closed last October, we were looking for an accounts receivable software business to complement the MineralTree accounts payable business, which, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, is running ahead of schedule on breakeven. I think 30%, as Ry said, year-over-year in the quarter just ended June. So we couldn't be more pleased with that. If you think about where we're positioned post TSYS, now post MineralTree, post EVO, so when it ultimately closes, we think we have among the most complete at scale worldwide B2B businesses of anybody out there. But I mean probably something like 2/3 $1 billion of revenue coming from B2B, and we're doing it profitably with commercial card, virtual card issuance were TSYS that's $50 million of those a year, and I think $30 billion of volume pay card. And the other thing we said today is we were successful in not just investing NetSpend's consumer assets, but also in retaining Netspend's B2B assets. So Paycard, EWA parts of those not as I said, effective July 1, we'll have now moved over to issuer to the issuer segment. So I think Jim and EVO really bring us the missing link, as I said, which is we have our own receivables businesses, but we don't have the native integrations and ERP that Jen is so smartly built over the last period of time. And in combination with middle trend everything else we have, I really think positions us distinctively.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Bryan, it's Jeff. I'll start. So what I would say is obviously a lot more to come from Jim when they file their proxies, so I don't want to jump ahead of that. But I would just say on my side, look, I've been trying. It took me this long to actually get it over the finish line. I said in the context of the TSYS merger, Bryan, a number of years ago, I tried that one for 20 years spending 2 different careers. So maybe I'm just kind of a laggard at what I do, and it takes me a long time to get things over the finish line. But certainly, it's not for a lack of effort. Maybe it's for lack of accomplishment. But listen, we've known, as you've said, the management team and Jim, in particular, over EVO. They've obviously been a customer of bars for a long time. I've been at Global, myself, 12.5 years and obviously, been a customer that holds duration is too large. So couldn't have a better partner really than those guys and could have a better leadership team than the one Jim has assemble then we obviously, as Cameron said, [indiscernible] strategy in the tech-enabled side and especially as we just mentioned, in response to Darrin's question, the B2B side. So we've been trying this. It's nice that the stars aligned from Jim's point of view and EVO’s point of view in mind and Global. I would say, as we thought about it, we think that now is a great time to do this, and I'll tell you why. First, we think that our expectations for what this business is going to do reflect the current macroeconomic and FX environment. That's reflected in the terms that we announced today. And 30 per dollars a share, we're paying roughly 10x calendar '23. EBITDA with the synergies fully loaded into it. Prior deals that we've done and other people have done in the marketplace are at 11x and 12x just by way of comparison. And look, as a strategic buyer for Jim and for us, a strategic transaction, our synergies don't vary by the macroeconomic climate. We're going to have those synergies kind of in any environment. So I'm really good at the end of the day, that's something that certainly I at Global Payments have been pursuing for many years that we were able to bring it to fruition. I would just tell you that the 2 teams have at least gelled all together. We've been partners for a very long period of time. We couldn't be more delighted with our ability to announce this today.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Dave, it's Jeff. I would just add, our reported earnings that we expect to report, we essentially kept the original range, to be honest, although we stressed, we probably would be toward the lower end in light of the things that Josh mentioned. But the way to think about it, Dave, I think, is, I think you're right from an earnings point of view because we're getting to the original range that we guided to in February, Dave, and we're absorbing just another $0.11 just from May to today and it was probably another $0.05 or $0.10 or whatever the math was in the first quarter, Dave. So I would say the way I look at it on earnings, in particular, is what you said, which is we're taking actions, which is why Dave the margin is up. So we've raised for the second quarter in a row our margin expectations. So Josh layout the revenue formulation, but certainly from a reported earnings formulation, Dave, we're essentially absorbing all the FX. We're absorbing Russia, and yet we're still in the same range from February.
Jeff Sloan: I can tell you as a management team, Dave, I view that as raising it, but you can have your own conclusion.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Randy, it's Jeff. I'd say the same thing is true on the issuing side. We continue to see really strong volumes in issuing in July. We see really good commercial card. I think we actually disclosed it in the slide, 35% commercial car growth in the second quarter and look for those of us, and I would say those trends and expectations are very similar to what you heard out of Visa, Mastercard, Pfizer last week. So really pleased with Live, where we are. I've been in on the road. The last kind of couple of months in the U.S., in Canada, in the U.K., twice by the way, and in Continental Europe. And let's be honest, the airports, the restaurants, the hotels, the streets are packed. So you don't even me to tell you that things are in a healthy place.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, of course, Jamie. So we actually -- I think Paul said this at the time we announced in February, our strategic review. But it's about $100 million, $110 million of revenue. In fact, in the schedules we produce today, I'm going to say it's schedule to, we actually gave supplemental kind of pro formas as to what it would look like. And you also see that throughout. So you actually see what issuer with Pay card and B2B from Netspend and it looks like, and you see what we're selling without it in there.  But I'll just quote you for memory, having looked at those schedules quite a bit, it's something like $100 million, $110 million Jamie, of yearly revenue in that business. It's mostly Pay card, but there's also earn wage access and some banking as a service businesses in that business, too. And I think as I said in the prepared remarks, it grew mid-teens on a normalized basis in the second quarter. The reason I say normalized is you had some like stimulus effects kind of last year, Jamie. So you have a little bit of the second quarter, there were still signals coming from the federal government. But mid-teens is what it's grown at. And it's a natural corollary to the assets that we have in issuer B2B, which is to say, virtual card, commercial card, the assets we have in Cameron's business in merchant, in Heartland with payroll. So it's a very nice corollary to those businesses.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll start, and then I'll turn it over to Josh. So as I said in my prepared remarks, Jamie, right on track with what we expected. Ex-MineralTree, it was 4% constant currency growth, which is what we're tracking, obviously, with MineralTree, we printed 6. So super happy about where it came out. We think we're on a really good track there. As I said last quarter, we have a record pipeline accounts on file and transactions and commercial all accelerated in the second quarter. And based on what we said about volumes and everything else, I think you're going to see that in the third quarter, too, relative to the second quarter. Josh, want to give a little more color on the rest of the year.
Jeff Sloan: And Jamie, I would just say in terms of outlook for that business, and I think Josh is exactly right about what we're managing to, most of my trips, especially overseas and outside the U.S. to Canada and to Europe, were with FIs on the issuing side, Jamie, and also obviously, with some of the fintechs on the AWS side.  Look, I would say our strategy there is exactly right. The cloud sells, AWS sells, we were worried we first started this, to say, hey, look, what's the path for regulated institutions to move to the cloud. That might have been true 3 years ago when we first started this. I can tell you that's not true now. So now we have a record pipeline, but kind of the shadow pipeline, which is my view as to what the receptivity and where we are has really never been better. So we're in a fortunate position to have abundance of opportunities. We obviously need to wrestle to the ground and bring those to fruition. But I think the future for that business, particularly the B2B assets in it is really bright. Well, thanks, Jamie. On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning.
