Paul Todd: Yes. The only thing I would say, Tien-Tsin, is I just reiterate how happy we were with the growth in the third quarter. We had strong kind of transactional growth, strong account on file growth. So, our volume-based revenue was growing right in that kind of long-term growth rate of that mid single digits. And so, we expect that kind of fundamental growth to continue. And certainly as Jeff has said, the environment that we’re operating with is very similar to how we’ve been operating this business for years.
Paul Todd: Yes. Tien-Tsin, we talked about this at the Investor Day that that target of the long-term cycle kind of guidance was consistent with how we’re targeting for next year to be at that higher end of that 17% to 20% range. Obviously, we’ve got work to do as it relates to finalizing kind of all of our plans. We’ll come back and give the formal guide at the start of next year. And obviously, we’ll assess the environment at that time. But from a targeting matter, that higher into that 17% to 20% EPS growth range is still our target.
Paul Todd: Yes. I think if you look at the vertical market overall, we saw a strong sequential improvement from Q2 to Q3, about 500 basis points relative to 2019 results for that business. But, it is fair to say that we’re still on the road to recovery in the vertical market business overall, largely because of the vertical markets that you highlighted. ACTIVE and K-2 continue to be down relative to 2019 levels. We did see sequential improvement in both, and they’re trending in the right direction. But there’s still some time to go, I think, before those markets get back to certainly, the levels of performance that we saw pre-pandemic. If you look at the business overall, it was still down slightly relative to 2019 in the third quarter. But, we are expecting it to turn positive versus 2019 in the fourth quarter, giving us good momentum kind of heading into 2022 as we continue again down the path of recovery with the vertical market business overall. I would highlight, we continue to see very strong trends across AdvancedMD, our enterprise QSR, food and beverage business and of course, our higher education business, all of which have grown nicely throughout the course of the pandemic from a recurring revenue standpoint and all of which produced very strong results in the third quarter as well.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, yes, it’s a good question, and you’re exactly right. What really impacted us in 3Q was that unemployment insurance kind of additional piece that we were picking up. If you took that out, we grew this business in the third quarter at kind of that longer term mid to high single-digit target for the third quarter. And as we look to next quarter, as we’ve said, we’re expecting this to be in that kind of mid to high single digits for the year. We’re expecting that business to roughly generate at roughly that level in the fourth quarter to that kind of longer term target. So yes, we get past, obviously ran comparison benefits for some period of time related to the stimulus and unemployment, but as it relates to the third quarter, that was the biggest dynamic that was playing through that resulted in that roughly 2% growth rate.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, I guess, I would start off by kind of adding on what Cameron said is that starting in the fourth quarter, this turns into a growth tailwind for us. And we’ve talked for several quarters now of this vertical market there because of the components of the business being somewhere about 300 to 400 basis-point headwind to our segment margin over the last several quarters. And starting in the fourth quarter with the kind of sequential quarter growth we’re seeing, this turns into a tailwind. And I think, as Cameron said, with all the bookings success that kind of we’ve had, we’re expecting that essentially 300 to 400 basis-point headwind to kind of turn into kind of a commensurate kind of tailwind as we move into 2022. Obviously, we’re in that planning process right now and we’ll kind of get more kind of discrete levels of insight as we talk about the 2022 guide. But, the key point is exactly what kind of Cameron said is kind of a headwind turning into a tailwind, as we move to next year. And just in general, as we look to the 2022 guide and you kind of once again kind of go back to what we said at our Investor Day around our cycle guidance as it relates to revenue growth, those are the levels that we’re targeting at or even slightly better at the levels that we’re targeting at for next year as a revenue growth matter.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, as you talk about this year specifically and that kind of margin distribution, I mean it’s very consistent kind of a year with what we saw in the third quarter, which is merchant is the biggest margin kind of driver for us as a company this year, coming off the big margin gains that we saw in our issuing business and our Business and Consumer Solutions last year. And so, as we move into next year, things become more balanced in that regard. It’s kind of margin kind of deliverance across the segments gets into a kind of more normalized kind of range. And obviously, at our Investor Day, we kind of talked about on ex-synergy, kind of what we expect kind of cycle guidance margin expansion to be. But obviously, for this year and for the remaining of the fourth quarter, the merchant margin expansion is the biggest driver.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, Dave, we had talked at the time of Zego being about $100 million on an annualized basis of revenue impact. And so, in the half year, it’s $50 million or on a quarterly basis, it’s about at roughly $25 million.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, roughly about 100 basis points is the way to think about the currency impact to us at a kind of total company level, and that’s in the kind of the rough zone as it relates to merchant as well. And I wouldn’t call out anything much more dramatic on that on the issuer side. And if you look at 4Q, which is kind of our FX commentary before relative to our expectations, if you look at 4Q, we’re expecting about half that kind of benefit in 4Q relative to 3Q. So, kind of incremental kind of headwind in the fourth quarter relative to our expectations of what we were expecting to see and saw in the third quarter versus what we’re kind of expecting to see in the fourth quarter, given where rates are, which is primarily driven by kind of euro and the pound and what’s happened there. And in the last quarter since the end of last quarter where kind of where we are right now.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, yes, firstly is ‘19, we’re expecting over 100 basis points of kind of acceleration in the fourth quarter versus ‘19 than what we saw in the third quarter. So, we’re -- as we said, for the fourth quarter, we’re expecting kind of roughly to be at kind of an overall compared to ‘20 where we expect to land for the year for merchant. But, if you compare that to ‘19, we’re actually seeing north of 100 basis points of third quarter to fourth quarter acceleration on the merchant segment.
Paul Todd: Yes. And I think, Cameron maybe referenced just a little bit earlier is we’re seeing slightly improving trends in October versus September. So, we’re very pleased with what we’ve seen so far, starting this quarter. And obviously, the environment remains dynamic, but we’re very pleased with what we’ve seen so far.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, we have begun to see recovery on the commercial side this year. And so, things have been slightly better than we were expecting. And given those kind of trends, we are expecting to see kind of further acceleration of commercial into next year. As Jeff commented earlier, we’re very pleased to have announced the CITI renewal, which was obviously a very important renewal for us on the commercial side. So yes, both, as a third quarter matter, the growth that we saw there, obviously, we’re still looking to kind of get back to where the pre-COVID levels would be in that business, and we’re trending in that direction. And so, yes, that will turn into a continued tailwind for us on a go-forward basis.
Paul Todd: Yes. So, a couple of things. Maybe I’ll take the kind of the MineralTree and really all of the acquisitions. And we kind of commented on those as it relates to the overall margin impact in the prepared remarks is we’ve got, call it, a roughly 50 basis-point kind of headwind to the margin in the fourth quarter related to all of the acquisitions. Obviously, MineralTree is the most impactful there because, as Jeff said, it was dilutive. So, that’s kind of the way to kind of think about as it relates to the dilution that we’re expecting to see in the fourth quarter, particularly on the margin side. And go back to the first part of the question.
Paul Todd: On the issuer side, yes, the primarily -- given our conversion pipeline, we’re looking more at a late 2022, early 2023 for most of the kind of wins that we’re talking about there. There’s a little bit of impact that comes in later than next year, but that’s primarily 2023 and beyond.
Paul Todd: No. Ashwin, I wouldn’t call out anything kind of unique there. I mean, typically, if you kind of go by segment, typically as it relates to our merchant segment, our third quarter from a seasonality standpoint is our strongest quarter from that business, and nothing has dramatically changed on that. From a kind of issuer perspective, typically, the fourth quarter with holiday spend and the way that business is constructed, that typically is a stronger quarter. I would say that in general, that has become lesser of a seasonal outlier in the fourth quarter, just the way that business is and where we have certain pricing bundled and now that’s lesser of an impact there. And then obviously, in our business and consumer, there’s obviously kind of different kind of moving parts now with all the stimulus kind of comparisons, specifically tax season and the first quarter and depending on how that kind of plays out into the second quarter has been kind of the seasonal call out as it relates to that business. So, yes, at a consolidated level, I wouldn’t call out anything unique that’s changed on the seasonality side, but those are the kind of ways to think about it at the segment level.
Paul Todd: Yes. Ashwin, it’s Cameron. I’ll jump in on that. I’ll just remind you, I spent a lot of time on this on the investor conference speaking about this very topic. If you think about our strategy, it’s really centered around commerce enablement. And whether we’re working with a software partner or we’re working, obviously, with our own technology stack from a software standpoint where we go to market and verticals with our own capabilities, the objective is to continue to bring more merchants into our ecosystem, leveraging technology. And once you’re in our ecosystem, obviously, finding new ways to provide solutions to them to help them run their businesses more effectively and obviously help them drive more top of funnel opportunities for their business. So, our partnership with Google is clearly at the center of that strategy, in terms of how we deliver more value-added services and more capabilities to our customers across, again, both our owned software portfolio, our traditional merchant acquiring businesses and then, of course, our own -- our partnered software portfolio as well. So, obviously, there’s a lot of opportunities in front of us as we continue to execute against that strategy. We are launching Run and Grow My business this quarter. We expect that to ramp next year, and we’re launching Phase 2 of that, as Jeff highlighted, hopefully, in the middle part of next year as we bring online ordering inventory and reservations into that ecosystem. From a -- you raised time and attendance, it’s a great example of where we can take a solution from one market into another. We’re selling time and attendance now across a few of our vertical market businesses that came out of our payroll solutions, and looking to bring that to a number of our integrated partners as well as a way to which we can, again, attach more opportunities to those partnership relationships. On the integrated front, I’d also note that that strategy is also key to winning new ISV partners because one of the ways we’re able to differentiate ourselves versus just offering -- revenue share offer a larger pie from a revenue standpoint that we ultimately end up splitting with those ISVs because we can bring more solutions to the table. It makes the ISVs offering more attractive. It gives us more opportunity to grow and scale with the ISV. And as I always like to say, we’d rather be focused on how to divide up a larger pie versus more finally slicing an existing pie that’s not growing. So, I think as it relates to the overall merchant strategy highlighted what’s really key, which is driving more commerce enablement by attaching more of our offerings to merchant relations that come through whatever distribution channel we’re selling through into the market.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Thanks, Ramsey. So, on capital allocation, I think you should look at what we’ve done in the last 12 months as being a really good indicator of kind of where we’re focused. So, in the last 12 months, as we said in our prepared remarks, we’ve invested $2.5 billion in M&A, primarily I think 60% of which is around cloud SaaS-based technologies. But, we did that while returning nearly $2 billion in capital to our shareholders also during the last 12 months. So, I’d say, from a capital allocation point of view, and Paul, I think, described the math on the repurchases. I don’t really think that’s -- I don’t really think that’s changed. So, I think balance between the two is essentially what we’ve been doing and I would expect that to continue. On the M&A side, look, I think we look at most things that fit our strategic thesis that’s been consistent over the last year. So, we look at things that are in the software space. We obviously now look at things that are in the B2B space post the MineralTree announcement. As we said, time last month, we’re actually in September, MineralTree, it was probably one of our first dilutive deals, and we’re absorbing that, both in our annual numbers as well as in our cycle guide. That certainly has expanded 10 as to what we’re looking at, looking at new geographies, e-com and the like. So, I don’t think that’s changed, Ramsey. I think we’ve got the full suite of opportunities. And I said in my prepared remarks, our pipeline notwithstanding the fact that we announced the closure of a bunch of deals today, our pipeline continues to remain full.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Dave, those are wrong numbers. So, it’s up 19% and the Visa, MasterCard worldwide credit volume numbers that they reported last week were up 8% and 13%, respectively. The average of those two, Dave, is about 10% or 11%, and we just reported 19%. So, if you go back, Dave and look at our investor conference in September, we actually have a chart on this which shows how we do the calculation what we compare it to. And as I said in my prepared remarks, Dave, we exceeded the average of Visa and MasterCard by 900 basis points again this quarter relative to 2019. So, that’s the right comparison from our point view.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. You got to look at -- we look primarily at credit worldwide because our business is mostly a credit business. So again, if you look back at our investor conference from September, Dave, on the left-hand side of that page, you will see how we do the calculation, and we’re pretty clear about how we do it. And the 900 basis points today compares very favorably and I think it’s the second highest number on that page relative to the start of the pandemic. So, from our point of view, that’s the comparison. We really don’t have a very debit-centric business.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, I would just add, Ashwin, to what Cameron said that we also talked about in the investor conference, our ability to add data and analytics which is business that we took through supply in this too, a business that we talked for essentially 0 revenues a number years ago to over $130 million. So that’s part of the value-added services that you asked about. And then Cameron tied it to you. And I think all that stuff is working. And I think if you look at our results in the third quarter, mid-cam [ph] was up 13% in the third quarter, volumes were up 20% versus 2019. So, it’s the commerce enablement that Cameron is describing in response to your question, which is to say the virtuous circle of software at the top of the funnel, the cross-sells, the data analytics, the new partnerships, all that stuff is resulting in clearly above-market growth on the stats I just gave and what we put in the press release.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Hey Ramsey, it’s Cameron. I’ll jump in there. I think your question was, what were the growth rates versus 2019 for the merchant business globally as well as for the U.S. merchant business. So again, merchant globally, excluding our vertical market channel was up 19% versus 2019 levels in the quarter and the U.S. number was, I think, ‘22, ‘23, something in that range for the third quarter, pretty consistent with what we saw in the second quarter.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Jason, it’s Cameron. I’ll jump in and I’ll ask Jeff and Paul to add any color that they would like to. Maybe I’ll just start with sort of baseline and things. As I mentioned earlier, the overall vertical market business, it was up roughly 16%, 17% versus Q3 of 2020. It’s still down slightly versus 2019 levels, call it, mid single digits. As I mentioned earlier, we do expect it to turn positive versus 2019 as we get to the fourth quarter. So, I’ll start with maybe some of the more positive vertical trends that we’ve seen. AdvancedMD, TouchNet, and again, our QSR business all reported very strong growth as they consistently have throughout the pandemic in the third quarter. TouchNet, AdvancedMD, both up mid-teens in the quarter. Our QSR business was up probably mid-30s versus 2020 levels. Again, we’ve seen a nice rebound in that business. And then, relative to 2019, TouchNet’s up 20-plus-percent; AdvancedMD is up almost 30%; and our QSR business is up almost 10%, call it, 8% to 10%, somewhere in that ballpark versus 2019 levels. So, I’m pleased with where are those, obviously, vertical markets are trending, how they performed throughout the pandemic. We continue to have excellent momentum in those as we head to 2022. Now, obviously, we have seen more impact as we talked about earlier in our K-12 school business, in ACTIVE and in our gaming business over the course of the pandemic. School and ACTIVE continue to be below 2019 levels. We are seeing improvement sequentially, but the road to recovery for those businesses is obviously going to be a little more long tailed than what we’re seeing in other vertical markets. Gaming in this quarter was flat versus 2019. So, it has come back quite well. It was up meaningfully over 2020 levels, almost 30% in the quarter, and it got to flat versus 2019. And again, we expect that to turn positive in the fourth quarter. So, I would say, overall, the business is in the right direction. The verticals that have been more heavily impacted are going to have a little longer road to recovery. The sequential trends are good, and we expect to see that continuing, heading into 2022. So, I’ll pause there and maybe just turn my attention to bookings trends because that continues to be a very good story for the vertical market businesses. We saw excellent new booking trends in the quarter, our recurring revenues in that business. Bookings were up 35% year-over-year. AdvancedMD recorded a booking record, up nearly 50% year-over-year. Our Xenial SaaS solutions were up almost 50% year-over-year and TouchNet was up almost 35% year-over-year. And ACTIVE and schools continue to see good booking trends despite obviously the overall macro continuing to weigh on those businesses. ACTIVE bookings were up in the mid-teens year-over-year. And our school business had positive booking trends in the quarter as well. So, as we think about the business overall, the bookings trends we’ve seen in this quarter, and frankly, what we’ve seen throughout the course of 2021 give us a lot of confidence that from a momentum perspective, we’re obviously building a nice backlog of business. And as the macro in the more heavily impacted verticals improves, we obviously have a lot of tailwinds for the vertical market channel heading into 2022 and 2023.
Cameron Bready: Yes. And Trevor, it’s Cameron. I would just add. It’s pretty consistent with what you saw from the networks that reported last week as far as a sequential improvement in our October versus what we saw in Q3 and September in particular.
