Cameron Bready: I think that actually covers it pretty well. The only other point I would make, just to top that off, Andrew, is just as it relates to new sales. In both of those businesses that you highlighted, in particular, integrated and omni, continue to be very, very strong. In our e-com business here in the U.S. market, our e-com sales were up something like, 330% year-over-year. So clearly demonstrating that the trends we've seen around consumer buying patterns, as well as merchant adoption of omni-channel and e-commerce capabilities continues to be quite strong, even a year after, obviously, the onset of the pandemic. So we think that's a very positive sign as it relates to the future growth of the e-com and omni business. And then on the integrated front, again, our new sales in the quarter were 120% of our target, up something like 120% kind of year-over-year. So again, we're seeing great momentum in the business continuing as we enter the second quarter as well. So as Jeff highlighted, I think the strong new bookings and new sales performance we saw last year clearly contributed to the performance in Q1, and we - it's nice to see that, that same execution has continued into 2021 as well.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Bryan - It's Cameron. Sorry, Andrew, it's Cameron again. So the business is a mix of software and payments today. It really started as a payments business but has moved more into software over the course of time, in particular, driving more resident experience solutions through a software platform. So it's still a majority payment today, but the software elements of the business are growing more rapidly, and I would expect overtime that they will flip and become the majority of the business long term. So it's about $30 billion of payment volume today. It's a very healthy portfolio from a payment standpoint. The nice thing about the business is, it's not that penetrated within its existing customer base from a payments perspective. And obviously, the ability to cross-sell software into that base of existing partners today, as well as to take Global Payment software and so into that environment with our own value-added services drive some meaningful revenue tailwinds, we think, for the business in the future.
Cameron Bready: No. David, its Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So this is actually a great opportunity to extend our joint venture with Erste. We're actually purchasing that business through the joint venture with our partners at Erste and Caixa - excuse me, Caixa as well. So this is an extension of our existing partnership with Erste. They were very excited about the opportunity to grow and expand our business in their home market of Austria. As you'll recall, and I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we initiated a business in that market about 18 months ago. We've had very good success building essentially a greenfield acquiring business with our partners. And this adds significant scale and, obviously, an opportunity to grow and expand that business more rapidly going forward. So this is very much a part of the joint venture that we have with Erste in Central Europe today.
Cameron Bready: So Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron. Good morning. So I would say, on balance, I would think it's probably easier to monetize the payment opportunity in the real estate space. There's obviously secular trends there that we think are very powerful around the digitization of the payment stream within real estate, whether its recurring monthly rental payments, HOA fees or other one-off fees that lessees need to pay. So we think the opportunity to drive better penetration from a payment standpoint in that market is going to be easier than some of the other vertical markets we've been in. I think we view real estate really as the quintessential vertical market, where you have the intersection of software and drain - payments where that nexus is very strong and obviously creates a significant opportunity for us to drive meaningful growth and share gains and, obviously, margin expansion over a period of time. We expect the business, to your second question, to generate roughly $100 million of revenue in 2021. It's growing double-digits nicely. It sort of fits the rule of 40 [ph] for a software business very nicely today. And obviously, we think we can do a variety of things to accelerate that rate of revenue growth over time and scale the business more effectively by leveraging the broader Global Payments ecosystem.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. The only other thing I would say just on top of that is the international markets continue to be a bit of a drag as well. So if you really look at US payments and our growth in US payments, it was probably high single digits, maybe almost 10%, pure payments in the US market in the first quarter. So even more decoupling than I think the sort of highlights represent. And the other thing I would say is, over time, I expect that decoupling continue, partially because our international businesses are more exposed to domestic trends in those markets. So as those markets reopen, we're not as reliant upon the cross border volume to drive revenue growth in those businesses. As domestic markets reopen internationally, we'll obviously see a nice tailwind as a result of that.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, sure. I'll start. It's Cameron, and then I'll ask Paul maybe to jump in with a little bit more color as well. So I would say, maybe to start, even well before the pandemic, we've been equipping our sales professionals around the globe with the best technology, the best capabilities to be able to sell. And obviously, we think that paid meaningful dividends through the course of the pandemic in our ability to continue to sell at very strong levels, notwithstanding, obviously, the impact of the pandemic. And I think partly a credit to our sales teams in particular, they found new and innovative ways to continue to sell in a difficult environment, in particular our relationship-led sales professionals here in the US market that really operate under a commission only model, they were very motivated and incentivized to go out and find greater ways to be able to sell into the marketplace. So the use of technology and deploying more technology towards the sales process itself, as well as the ingenuity, I would say, of our sales professionals, I don't expect that to change post pandemic. And I think a lot of the lessons we've learned through this process will allow us to continue to be very effective and very productive from a new sales point of view as a go-forward matter. I'll call out a few particular highlights on the first quarter bookings performance, and I'll ask Paul maybe to jump in. If I start with our US relationship-led business, we had a record sales quarter, as Jeff and Paul highlighted in the prepared remarks. It was about 5% higher than our old record and up about 27% year-over-year, which I think is a really important metric as well, given that, again, kind of the 12-weeks of the first quarter of 2020 were really not impacted by the pandemic. So very strong performance from a new sales point, again, with particular strength in our e-commerce, our Bill Pay, Text Buy [ph] Pay Solutions within our relationship-led channel. We also had great new booking performance in our payroll business as well. We had record sales in that business, up again 42% year-over-year, so very strong performance in our US relationship-led payments and payroll business in the first quarter. Integrated, as I mentioned previously, they were above plan and well above last year's new sales performance and bookings performance in the first quarter as well. Within our vertical market business, we saw very strong, I'd say, booking trends across the business. TouchNet had record first quarter bookings performance, which I think is a very good sign as it relates to the university environment heading into the fall. We actually started to see some following of new sales in our schools business, our lower school K-12. We had three significant new wins in the quarter from a new sales point of view. Obviously, we're still waiting and relying upon kids getting back in through K-12 environment for that business to recover fully. But obviously, it was encouraging to see new sales begin to fall in that business in the first quarter as well. And we also had record bookings in our enterprise SaaS QSR business in the first quarter as well. So again, good trends across the board, I would say, in our vertical market business. If we look internationally, again, despite the macro environment being challenging in some of the markets that we operate in, I would characterize new sales performance across the board internationally and I am sort of aggregating a bunch of different markets there. It was above plan for the first quarter above last year. Canada, for example, was up 40% year-over-year. So again, the trend of new booking performance being very strong continued well into the first quarter. And thus far in the second quarter as well. Paul, I don't know if you'd add any detail.
Cameron Bready: I mean, I think that covers it well. I would just highlight, to Paul's point earlier, I don't think we have to see perfection to get to the high end of that range. Again, the guidance doesn't assume that. We assume that the trends that we're seeing in the business continue to flow through, through the balance of the year. We're encouraged by the performance in the first quarter and the underlying trends. Obviously, we remain very mindful of the fact that some markets around the globe are slower to recover or appear to be slower to recover from the pandemic than others, and those are markets that we have reasonably sizable businesses in. But, I think as we sit here today, the trends in the business are quite favorable, and we're very optimistic about how we're positioned to perform through the balance of the year.
Cameron Bready: Well, I think the comment for Google is very much the same as Jeff highlighted for AWS. Yes, we couldn't be more pleased and delighted with the partnership we have with Google and how they have performed heretofore, recognizing we are obviously early in that relationship and really building momentum as we sit here today. So everything that we outlined on our year end call, back in February, as it relates to the partnership is very much on track. As it relates to the go-to-market strategies, we're obviously in market with them already. We're already in the midst of having conversations with a variety of medium to enterprise sized customers who are leveraging Google Cloud services today. And very optimistic about the future of that technology-enabled distribution strategy and how it will augment, obviously, our existing go-to-market strategies in the merchant space.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. It's Cameron. I'll jump in on that. So I would say, certainly, it may be a commentary on the merchants that make up our business and the merchants we're targeting, there's really zero demand amongst our merchant base, to accept crypto. Obviously, overtime, things can evolve, if you have more central banks developing their own crypto currencies have really just become a digital form of their domestic currencies, then obviously that environment can change today. But I think as it relates to utilizing cryptocurrency for the sake of effectuating commerce amongst merchants in our businesses around the globe, there's really no demand for that today. Crypto is really not a currency for commerce. It's a security. And as a result of that, we're really not seeing a significant demand or uptake of that in our business at all.
Cameron Bready: No, I think if you look at the merchant business more broadly, it's not driven that much by stimulus. If you think about it and we've talked about this before, we're more exposed to credit than we are debit in our merchant business, and stimulus isn't really driving incremental credit spend. What we're really seeing in the merchant business, I think, obviously, is the impact of the recovery as well as the fact that savings rates are at generational highs and there's a lot of pent-up demand. And obviously, we expect that trend to continue, obviously as we progress through the end of 2021 and probably well into 2022, sitting here today. So certainly, on the margin, putting more dollars in consumer’s pockets, it's going to be helpful to the merchant business. But I don't view, sort of, the expansion we saw in Q4 to Q1 to really be driven predominantly by stimulus. I think it's more just a macro recovery in general and the fact that, obviously, consumers are very well positioned to be able to spend in the current environment as the recovery progresses.
Paul Todd: Yeah. So Tien-Tsin, this is Paul, and Cameron may want to add. We've been talking for several quarters now about this positive decoupling. And obviously, we saw in a more dramatic way, certainly on the positive side, this last quarter. And so yeah, we continue to kind of see that positive decoupling continue, and we would expect that continue. The second reason, as we had outlined before when we said that we expected that positive decoupling to occur once things got to a much more kind of normalized basis. The only other thing I would highlight is, as you look at that overall revenue growth number, do recall that we have probably 300 basis points of headwind related to those three vertical market businesses that are still, while they've improved from the depths of the pandemic and we highlighted gaming as being now an absolute grower. We're still seeing some meaningful headwind related to the active school business and the gaming business, that if you kind of looked at it ex those, you kind of add 300 basis points to the overall growth rate. And then, if you do that, you can see really some, on a volume-to-volume basis, some very positive decouple. And Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Paul Todd: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Ramsey, is that we've been talking about the sales figures for the last two quarters. And I think you're seeing it in the performance today that, that sales production is producing kind of outsized results for us to be able to grow our integrated business at better than kind of the long-term target rate and an environment that's still not normalized. And the same thing, as Jeff just mentioned about our relationship-led business, to be growing in the high-single digits, I think kind of speaks to the fact that the sales success we're having is leading to kind of additive performance in the environment that we're operating in.
Paul Todd: Yes, that's right. So, yes, we were down north of 30% in the quarter as it relates to the overall environment there. And yeah, you are right in the sense that the comparisons do ease as we move out now into the remaining three quarters. But just as a kind of an overall, kind of, headwind relative to our - back to our, kind of, more normalized growth rate, that's still providing roughly about half of that headwind that we called out in the prepared remarks.
Paul Todd: Yes, George. I mean, yes, you're thinking about that right. That's exactly, kind of, the right range to be thinking about.
Paul Todd: Yeah. So maybe we'll kind of answer that kind of two respects. One, what stimulus has as it relates to our business in consumer business, and then the second, as it relates to stimulus across really all three of our segments. As it relates to stimulus in our Business and Consumer, it is a piece and the driving piece around us, as it relates to our overall revenue outlook for that segment of moving to that kind of from mid single digits kind of mid to mid to high. So that's kind of - you want to try to kind of quantify the impact of additional stimulus net of the effect that stimulus has on other products, on yield, the overall tax, season picture, so that gives you kind of a quantification of kind of that difference between - kind of mid single digit growth for that business in that kind of more mid to high kind of single-digit growth. As it relates to just a revenue matter, and we've obviously kind of talked about the margin impact we saw what we had for marginal impact in the first quarter. And then obviously that will play through in the second quarter the other direction as we grow over the stimulus in 2Q of last year of roughly kind of from a margin standpoint of - kind of a similar size. I would say as it relates to stimulus across our overall business, I think, time will tell. Clearly, you're getting some impact in volumes related to stimulus. We're just seeing it kind of, across the board. I think it gets a little bit harder to kind of pick [ph] part that into the overall volume picture and say, well, how much is stimulus, how much is unemployment benefits, what all that kind of looks like. And so when we're looking at the overall volume landscape, obviously, we're taking some of that versus what we saw last year and the impact of stimulus and kind of embedding that into our overall picture. But outside of our business in consumer segment, it's very hard to kind of get discrete around what kind of revenue impact that's discretely having. Cameron, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Paul Todd: Yeah. No, I wouldn't call out anything unique from a timing standpoint. I think the thing that we have highlighted is this dynamic that we're having obviously in 2Q as it relates to the margin. So we're going to have outsized margin expansion in 2Q, particularly as it relates to not only just the incremental kind of cost add-backs, but also just the comparison to 2Q of last - of last year and then more normalized, kind of, margin expansion in that third and fourth quarter. So yeah, nothing I would call out unique from a timing standpoint other than that 2Q comp.
