Cameron Bready: Yes, sure. Darrin, good morning. I'll touch on that. I'm going to focus on North America, since that represents about 80% of our merchant business. But I would tell you the one thing that we tried to do during the midst of the pandemic is focused on the things that we can control and that starts with new sales. And I would say the new sales performance across our businesses have really been exceptional. Heartland had a record new sales production period in the third quarter, up double-digits year-over-year, up 25% sequentially versus the second quarter. Again, the strongest new sales performance period in the history of that business. Our integrated business as we noted in our prepared comments is tracking to budget for the year notwithstanding the pandemic. New partner production is up 70% year-over-year. And I would say the overall partner pipeline is as strong as it's ever been in that business. And we're pretty optimistic about the momentum we have heading into Q4 and 2021 in our integrated channel. In vertical markets, we saw a particular strength in AdvancedMD. That's a continuing theme obviously we touched on throughout the pandemic. Their new bookings were up 15% year-over-year. In Xenial, our QSR enterprise business. We saw new SaaS sales up 30% year-over-year. In our higher education business, new bookings are tracking at a consistent level with 2019, despite a number of campuses being closed during the midst of the pandemic. So we're pleased with that performance as well. Canada saw new sales up 12% year-over-year in the quarter – or excuse me year-over-year, year-to-date, they're up 28% in Q3. So again, continued strong strength in the Canadian market largely on the heels of our new partnership with Desjardins, which continues to bear free for us in that market. In Europe and Asia, overall, I'll just touch on briefly. I think their performance has been very strong, notwithstanding the environment they've been operating in. New sales remain solid in all those markets. The U.K. has had some significant new wins this quarter that we're particularly pleased with. Spain continues to be a strong performer for us. Midtown is up in Spain year-over-year. Domestic volumes are up, 5%, 6% in Spain year-over-year. We see particular strength in that market as well. And then Asia, again new sales performance has been very good. Obviously, the overall macro in Asia continues to be a bit soft given the impact of the pandemic. But I would say just overall in the business going back to my opening comments, we are exceptionally pleased with the pace of new sales and how we've executed with new sales and bookings throughout the pandemic but particularly in Q3.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I would just add a couple of things. I think if you look at Q3 results, obviously continued improvements throughout the quarter. I think the pace of recovery, as we've seen over the last couple of months has begun to slow. And I think that's pretty consistent with the industry data that has been published as well. We see October trending a little bit better than September. But as it relates to the exit rate for September, I think it's important to look at the merchant business in a couple of ways. One is, if you exclude our vertical market businesses that have been most heavily impacted during the pandemic, lower indication where schools are largely closed, our active business where obviously insurance and sporting events have been largely shut down and gaming where obviously our casino business has been heavily impacted, by the pandemic. If you exclude those, our merchant business for the quarter in the U.S. was roughly flat, down a point or so. So I call that roughly flat, for the quarter. And Asia is -- September essentially flat. So I think we have good momentum, heading into October in that business. And obviously that's a strong sequential improvement, over where we were in the second quarter. So, certainly as it relates to North America again, which is 80% of the merchant business, the trends we've seen are positive. October is a slight improvement over September. We're obviously monitoring that closely as I think the entire world continues to struggle with the pandemic. But the trends we've seen thus far are encouraging, as we continue to grind higher as a recovery matter heading into 2021.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I agree with that Dave. I don't have a ton to add. I would say I don't think there's ever a bad time to extend a relationship with a partner like HSBC, someone that we've worked with over 50 years in our business in some form or fashion. And certainly for the entirety of our existence in the U.K. market, they're a fantastic partner. We have a number of initiatives from a digital engagement standpoint that align very well with what our strategy is in that market. And we've worked together extensively for years, and are delighted to have the opportunity to extend our existing relationship, and even broaden it into new avenues as we move forward in time. So, we're -- we could not be more pleased to have executed that with them. As it relates to Spain, I completely agree with Jeff's comments. Spain and Portugal are two of the most attractive domestic markets in Spain -- or excuse me, in Europe. As I mentioned previously, Spain returned to volume growth domestically in the quarter and that has continued in October even with some reintroduction of restrictions to impact or to combat the coronavirus spread. So we're delighted with the overall performance of that business. And certainly, as Caixa continues to look to expand in Spain as well through its merger with Bankia, we think there'll be incremental opportunities for us and obviously owning more of the joint venture, I think will yield better returns longer term as we think about that investment. So clearly the valuation that underpinned and the forecast has underpinned the valuation for that business reflects the environment that we're in today. We're outperforming that valuation in that forecast as we sit here today. And again any time you have an opportunity to invest further in a joint venture that's been as successful as ours has been with Caixa in Spain certainly we jumped at the opportunity to do it.
Cameron Bready: Jason, this is Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is it obviously assumes that the path run as it relates to recovery continues. And certainly, it doesn't anticipate a meaningful retrenchment, particularly as it relates to shutdowns or significant restrictions around commerce that we saw obviously earlier this year. So, it's not assuming heroic pace of recovery. It sort of assumes, we're continuing on the pace we're on today.
Cameron Bready: Sure. And I'll be happy to. I think Bryan [ph], it's important to segment the market as we always do here particularly in restaurant maybe more than other vertical markets. So, at the enterprise end, Jeff I think described well how we're positioned with Xenial and the success we're seeing with Xenial. I will comment obviously that the integration with Cayan really opens up the avenue for cross-selling payments into that channel. I think as you know SICOM the legacy business we acquired a couple of years ago had no real payment volume in that business. And by integrating Cayan in we're opening up a significant new avenue for payment cross-sell which is obviously consistent with our overarching strategy. As we move down market into the mid-market channel which we really attack through the Heartland business, we're delighted with the success we're seeing with our Heartland restaurant solution. That is geared towards what I would characterize as the restaurant mid-market channel. Sales of that were up 26% sequentially from Q2 20% year-over-year. We're continuing to see significant uptake of our software as a solution -- software as a service solutions through the point-of-sale system in that channel and could not be more pleased with the progress in the mid-market. And then lastly in the small end of the market, we introduced our omnichannel version of our registered product in this quarter which we sell into the small end of the restaurant as well as small end at just the merchant base more broadly. We're seeing uptake of that being particularly good as we integrate our online ordering capabilities into our traditional point-of-sale software solution for the small end of the market. So I think we have better product, better capability, better solutions across the spectrum of the restaurant vertical across all segments of that market, and I think as a result of that, we continue to win and we continue to take share in that channel.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I think we're certainly – our opinion you look at Visa and Mastercard just right Darrin, which on a combined basis I view as kind of the market and these numbers obviously are multiples better, than those numbers. So with that, that I think supports our thesis that, we're rapidly gaining share in pretty much every one of our businesses, as we look at it especially for these purposes our merchant business. So I think what you said is exactly right. And that in addition to the bookings numbers which are great leading indicators that Cameron alluded to, make us feel really good about the trajectory of the business.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah Ramsey, we missed the first part of your question. But I think it relates to what we're seeing from a merger synergy standpoint on the revenue side. How that's pacing? And what our expectations are, as we continue to push forward. So I would say we're very pleased with the early progress we've seen, from a revenue synergy standpoint, as evidenced at least partly today by our re-iterance of our expectation of $125 million of annual run rate synergies by the time we get to three years out from the closing of the merger. We've launched a number of initiatives in our merchant business, to realize those synergies today. Tactically we are cross-selling our analytics and customer engagement platform now across the TSYS base of business. We've introduced vital plus, into the Heartland channel. We've also brought that solution to Canada as well. We're leveraging the capabilities of ProPay now in the Heartland business. We're also bringing that to Canada. Those revenue synergies are well on track and pacing relatively consistent with our original expectations for them, notwithstanding obviously the impacts of the pandemic. There's longer tail revenue synergies, obviously that continue to progress as well. A number of those are really focused on our ability to cross-sell, our issuing solutions into our base of existing merchant-FI relationships outside of the U.S. I would say those discussions continue to be very fruitful and are progressing. Obviously the pandemic has had some impact on the pace of those conversations. But we remain very optimistic and bullish, as it relates to our ability to be successful in cross-selling issuer into those relationships. And vice versa, we're having a number of conversations today about new merchant relationships that could come from existing TSYS issuing FI partnerships outside of the U.S. as well. And then lastly, we're making great headway on what we would characterize as our transaction optimization opportunities, where we can better blend the capabilities of our issuing and acquiring business to deliver unique distinctive solutions to the marketplace. A lot of that focus continues to be on Europe, in markets outside of the U.S. And I think we're reasonably optimistic that we'll have some positive news to announce on that in the coming months. So I would say, all in all, we're delighted with the progress we're making. We continue to track well against those synergy targets. I'm more optimistic today than I was at the beginning of the merger as it relates to our ability to drive revenue synergies from the combination. And I would say, the early success we're seeing is very positive.
Jeff Sloan: Hey, Bryan thanks for your question. It's Jeff. So let me just start with the criteria that, we always apply to kind of every deal, and then I'll work backwards to kind of address your question more directly. So, as you said for some time, we look at strategic fit, cultural fit and financial returns, when we look at new mergers and acquisitions very few things that we look at actually meet all three of those hurdles. And I would tell you that, we vary the financial return hurdle based on risk not surprisingly which includes geographic and country risk, and also will reflect the volatility that we see in the capital markets currently and that may or may not persist time will tell. As I said a minute ago, given what I just said at current price levels, we believe buy back our stock is really a compelling opportunity. Hence, the announcement today of the share repurchase, increment authorization and a return on capital allocation which we put on hold in March when COVID initially started. I'd also say another corollary coming out of what I just said is, most of our focus now in our pipeline as Paul said most of our focus now is on deals in the United States. So if you look at the criteria listed and you think about macroeconomic risk, country risk, regional risk and everything else, it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that unless pricing environments drop our focus is largely within the United States market, which is about 70% of the company. So that probably shouldn't surprise anybody. As it relates to scale versus growth assets, look our pipeline is still with both of them. What I would tell you at the end of the day though is I think it's unlikely in the immediate term that we do something outside the United States. Within the United States, we're looking at both software assets as well as traditional processing assets. But if nothing changes from here, I would expect us to do more repurchase. You should be candid at these prices, and less inorganic investment. But obviously that's subject to the facts. And as the facts change our opinions will change. The other thing, I want to mention in response to your question as Paul said is, at 2.5 times net leverage and $3 billion of liquidity we got plenty of financial firepower to do what we need to do on our own. Should we need access to additional capital, and we have a use of proceeds for it, then obviously we'll revisit the composition of our businesses. But I would say sitting here today, we think we're particularly well capitalized to execute on our strategies. I don't see us shedding in the assets to do that absent the distinct use of proceeds, which we don't have today.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Dave, it's Jeff. I'll start and I'm sure Cameron will comment as well. So listen, those businesses are both performing really well in the current environment. I think you have to parse out the nature of our business in Europe relative to the nature of the markets themselves or in particular Visa and Mastercard's proxies for the market. So, our business is in those markets, which is to say, Western Europe or the U.K. and Spain and Portugal, have a very heavy domestic component in those markets. And our businesses are growing there absolutely on a domestic basis year-over-year, and I'm thinking about Caixa particularly and cross border while a piece of our business is a relatively small piece of our business and is nowhere near the driver of revenue growth that you have in Visa and Mastercard. So, to answer your question from my point of view, we have fantastic partners in HSBC and Caixa. Using the networks as a proxy, we're growing leaps and bounds, ahead of where they're growing in those markets our ability to invest, and capture more share in those businesses. Cameron talked about the bookings totals in some of our markets. We've had really good results in terms of new sales in those business. Businesses well in Spain, for example, we're growing absolutely year-over-year into October on a domestic basis. So, I actually think it's a fantastic time for us to continue to invest in those businesses and support our partners.
Jeff Sloan: Dave, the only thing I would add to that is just I think it gives us a lot of confidence around the momentum we have in the underlying business. The macro is the macro and the impact of the virus is what it is. And obviously that will eventually play out. But as it relates to how we're executing in the business the underlying momentum we have from a new sales product and servicing standpoint, I think it just gives us a tremendous amount of confidence as to directionally where the business is heading over time. And as the macro continues the recovery obviously that will bear out in the financial results that we produce.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. Jason, the answer is no, we will not do that. So, we're very focused on our long-term model that we rearticulated and reaffirmed at the time of our partnership with TSYS about 1.5 years ago now. So, no, I don't see us doing deals that are dilutive to the rate of organic revenue growth. It doesn't make any sense to push a boulder up a further hill. I think, we've invested very substantially to get our business to be 60% technology-enabled. We're very pleased with the success of that strategy. You see in there differentiated results, which are multiples better than networks last night. I don't see us going backwards on that.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, they're largely the former Andrew. We said that they will be we announced with our script this morning. So, Scotiabank in Canada was an in-sourcing model. So that actually is conversion in-sourcing and outsourcing. So, that's a flip from in and out. But other than that as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, seven of the 11 are competitive takeaways from existing providers. And the new one with AWS in Asia is also a takeaway from a legacy incumbent. So, the vast majority are takeaways, but Scotiabank will be the exception.
Paul Todd: Yeah. No. I think in the environment we're in, we would see some of the decoupling from that normalcy. And actually sequential quarter improvement, both from a revenue standpoint and a margin standpoint, particularly on the margin side given the cost actions that we're taking. So, that kind of normal kind of seasonality doesn't necessarily hold this year, given the pandemic.
Paul Todd: Yeah. Sure. Ramsey, it's Paul. I would characterize it as both better kind of optimization from the synergies. As we talked about, we raised our synergy target to $375 million. So we are seeing kind of better realization on the synergies front. We clearly achieved the $100 million of run rate cost takeouts relative to the pandemic, and so we're seeing that benefit come through. And just in general, as we're getting incremental revenue, the incremental margins of that revenue is coming in at a higher incremental rate than we had originally planned, because we kind of locked down the expense base. So it's really those three drivers. I would say, as it relates to fourth quarter and the margin expansion there specifically talking about the merchant segment, when I referenced kind of the expansion there I would also say, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, the margin expansion we would have had this quarter would would've been higher had we not used some of the excess incremental revenue at the incremental margin to set aside for accrual non-executive bonuses. So, actually on a core fundamental basis margin performance was actually even better than the 250 basis points that we realized.
Paul Todd: Yeah. Yeah, I would just say this that, we are going to see continued growth there and the recovery with that is happening in that business is very good from a top line standpoint. I would say the other thing is the efficiencies, we're getting that business to get 500 basis points of margin expansion this quarter just speaks volumes to how we're managing the cost base in the environment we're in. And then finally, we're doing all that in an environment where we're investing in modernization as Jeff just talked about. So, really kind of hitting all three levers of the business of the growth side from the top line, the new wins, the pipeline, the cost base efficiency, and then investing to position the business for the future.
Paul Todd: Yes. So David, this is Paul. I think we gave you a little bit of a framework to think about our thinking as it relates to 2021 with the adjusted earnings per share target that we have right now on our budgeting process of roughly $8. And so that's how we're currently thinking about next year. All of those things you just mentioned are obviously dynamics in that overall planning kind of cycle that we're in right now. But as it relates to the next year that's kind of the best indicator we can give you as to our thinking of what next year might look like assuming a much more normalized and kind of more normal operating environment.
Paul Todd: Yes. So Ashwin -- yes this is Paul. As it relates to -- we've always had as our goal to kind of convert roughly 100% of adjusted earnings into free cash flow and we were right at that goal for the third quarter. As it relates to timing there's been any really unique timing items in the quarter that I point to. We always have timing things that kind of flow in and out of a quarter, but nothing that I would specifically call out. And yes as it relates to kind of the forward look we've said that kind of $1.6 billion to $2 billion run rate on a full year basis is kind of the job that we're producing against from a free cash flow standpoint. And if you look over kind of the last three quarters we're playing right in that zone. And so, it wouldn't mean anything else there. We continue to obviously manage our capital expenditures in a very efficient sort of way while still investing for growth of basic -- the initiatives that we've talked about. But there isn't anything from a unique kind of onetime standpoint than I would point to in the quarter.
Paul Todd: Yes Ashwin there isn't anything really from an overall standpoint that I would say is changing the pace of patent realization of those opportunities. Obviously each client might have a different dynamic just always -- that always happens when you're dealing with clients. But there is one theme or any kind of a particular dynamic at play of either speeding up or slowing down kind of the normalized kind of realization of being able to get those opportunities converted into revenue. I would say from a conversion standpoint particularly on the issuing side which has the longest kind of cycle to bring those our conversion pipeline is relatively full. And so new opportunities are kind of being paced into that pipeline with that full nature. But there isn't any unique dynamic at play around acceleration or delaying of those opportunities.
Paul Todd: Yes. So Jason, obviously, we're in this budget process right now, and we obviously have always got a lot of dynamics at play, when we're in a budgeting process that kind of plays through various scenarios of what the revenue picture looks like and then, what the cost side looks like. And yes, we have obviously one set of plans as it relates to our cost initiatives. And then, under a different set of revenue assumptions, we would have a different set of plans. Do we have additional cost opportunities? The answer to that is, yes. There's always this balancing of the realization of cost opportunities with what that does on the revenue side. And all of this is kind of wrapped in the overall environment that we're operating in. And we're going to need the next obviously several months to kind of play itself out relative to the overall operating environment and we'll seek the cost base relative to that operating environment. But yes, I mean, I wouldn't give you any more color really than that other than the state that we are in our budgeting cycle and we play through all those dynamics in every year. This is a more unique year obviously, given the pandemic and the dynamics that play with the pandemic.
