Cameron Bready: Hey, Ashwin. It's Cameron. Why don't I go ahead and start, I'll ask Jeff to chime in with any other color he'd like to provide as well. So, I think if you look at the overall backdrop for the merchant business, I think we feel pretty good about obviously our performance in the first quarter and how we're positioned for the full-year.  As evidenced by obviously a reiteration guide and an increase so to speak up to the high-end of our growth expectation for the merchant business for the full-year. Starting here at home and in the U.S., we continue to see good trends, kind of across the business. I think like others who have reported already, January and February were very strong months us. We obviously saw a little bit of a pullback in March and we see April, kind of looking similar to March right now. So, assuming a relatively consistent macro based on where we are today for the balance of the year, I think our U.S. business is really well-positioned to grow nicely over the course of the year and obviously it's the biggest component of our portfolio. So, as it goes generally the rest of the merchant business goes. So, I think we feel very good about where we are in the U.S. [We and] [ph] EVO into that conversation really by saying the B2B portfolio that EVO has today, the capabilities they bring us across acceptance with AR automation solutions integrated into the largest center ERP Solutions in the U.S. for mid-market type enterprises is a really powerful addition to the portfolio of assets we have in the U.S. And obviously there's a lot that we think we can do with that over the course of time. So, more to come on that. I think Europe is overall a good story. Obviously, a mix of various geographies there. We continue to see very strong trends in Central Europe and Spain. Obviously, two important markets for us, EVO will add to that with the addition of Poland and Greece, both of which again are strong secular markets with good long-term growth fundamentals that we're very attracted to now in through the acquisition of EVO. Obviously the UK remains soft, their GDP was effectively flat for the first quarter. Continuing a pretty consistent trend coming off the back half of last year as the implications of Brexit really take hold, as well as sky high inflation in that market. So, the UK remains a little bit of a headwind for us, but I think as we look at Europe overall, we're obviously pretty excited about the long-term prospects there. And then lastly in Asia Pacific, as Jeff highlighted in his prepared remarks, we had our best first quarter in Asia since 2018. We saw mid-to-high teens growth as we finally got re-openings across really all of the Asia Pacific markets in which we operate. We're starting to see more intra-Asia cross-border activity, which is good for our business yet to see meaningful, sort of inter-Asia cross-border, but obviously that's the next leg of the stool as Asia fully reopens and we get back to full normality in that market. So, I think as we step back and look at the merchant business, we accelerated a point sequentially versus the fourth quarter from a top line growth matter before factoring in. Obviously the addition of EVO for roughly one week of the quarter. So feel very good about the trends kind of coming off of the quarter and remain very poised, I think for the balance of the year to achieve the guidance – the updated guidance that we provided this morning.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's really mix, Ashwin more than anything else. Our vertical market businesses, which are predominantly software driven had a strong quarter, which obviously contributes a little bit more to the top line then it does to the volume related metrics. But you're talking a few tens of basis points difference between the two, one rounded up, one rounded down. That's kind of the difference. So, I wouldn't put too much weight to the 11 versus the 10. It's going to fluctuate sometimes it will be on top of each other, sometimes volume may be a little bit better, sometimes revenue growth may be a little bit better. I think what we step back and look at fundamentally is, are those two moving in correlation to each other and is that gap relatively minimal, 10 to 11 is very tight versus others in the marketplace. So, I think fundamentally looking at the underlying volume growth of the business, we're very happy with how things are trending and obviously the revenue demonstrates that as well. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darren. I think our perspective around pricing really hasn't changed and the philosophy that we have has been pretty consistent for many years now. We try to price our services to reflect the level of value and capability that we're bringing to the market, which we do think in many ways is differentiated from our competitors.  Think we were very hard to try to optimize our pricing and have for again the past several years to make sure that we’re constantly looking at, sort of the price points and how we're packaging a variety of different value-added services and capabilities we can bring along with obviously the pure payment acceptance solutions that we offer to the marketplace. So, our perspective is look, I think overall more people are being, I'd say, on the more aggressive side, perhaps for lack of a better term with their pricing strategies more recently. I think that bodes well as it relates to the competitive landscape and particularly how we try to position our business over a long period of time. So, nothing unusual coming from us as a pricing matter. I would say, it's more of the same, looking at portfolio optimization and pricing strategies again to try to reflect the value and service that we bring to the customer, but obviously in the backdrop with other people doing that makes it a little bit easier for those to stick. It is probably the point I would make into that.
Cameron Bready: Yes, James. Great question. So, I would say first and foremost, Jeff and I have pretty much been locked at the [head] [ph] for the last nine years. So, you shouldn't expect a radical deviation in strategy. And quite the contrary, you should expect a continued focus on the four-pillar strategy we articulated 18 months ago at our investor conference. I'm very much 100% behind that strategy. Jeff and I worked closely to kind of build that strategy together over many years, and I absolutely think it's the right strategy for us as a business matter going forward. So, my highest priority will continue to be to execute against that strategy as we move forward. I think from a capital allocation perspective and priority perspective, as Josh highlighted in his prepared remarks, we're very focused on getting back to our targeted leverage ratio by the end of this year, that is a priority of the capital allocation matter, as well as make sure that we integrate EVO effectively over that same period of time. We have a saying here that we like to do the things we've already committed to well before we try to take on the next thing. So, I think as it relates to the next, call it, nine months, our focus is clearly going to be on getting leverage back to the targeted level, integrating EVO effectively, making sure that that's off to a good start. And then as a go-forward matter, I think our capital allocation priorities will remain relatively unchanged. We're going to continue to try to strike the right balance between obviously investing to grow the business.  Our priority is finding ways to invest in the business to grow and expand our footprint to support the various pillars of the strategy that we're pursuing and find ways to augment that through inorganic activities, as well as organic investment in the business. And absent meaningful opportunities to do that in a way that drives value and returns for our shareholders, we'll look to return capital as we have over a long period of time. So, I don't think the overall philosophy or approach to capital allocation is going to change dramatically. I think it's going to be more of the same, and I think more of the same will be very good for our shareholders over a long period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Jason, it's Cameron, I'll jump in there. I would say that overall split holds roughly pretty well post-EVO. Obviously, I don't think at this stage we've kind of aggregated all the different geographies around the globe in terms of what the volume mix is across every single vertical that they have exposure to, but given the size of EVO relative to our existing merchant footprint globally, it's not going to move the needle a great deal one way or the other even if their split is slightly different. I would say, and I'll use the U.S. as kind of example, you sort of saw the trend around retail sales in the U.S., which is really food and kind of retail more broadly. In the first quarter, January was very strong and February slowed down relative to January. And March, kind of slowed down relative to February, but I would say, overall, from a spending perspective, we continue to see spending skewed towards more services in experiences and less, sort of retail goods and food to some degree. So, a little better trends in the non-discretionary categories that we are heavy in, particularly as it relates to services, health care, et cetera, and a little lighter trends in the traditional, kind of retail, food and beverage, et cetera. But overall, the portfolios, I think, came together pretty well. I don't think the trends we're seeing in our business are any different than what you heard from Visa and MasterCard as it relates to March and April activity, more broadly, which we've talked about already. But I like, obviously, the diversification we have across nearly 70 different vertical markets. I like the split and sort of weightings that we have across discretionary, non-discretionary categories. So, I think we're well-positioned, obviously, for the macro environment as it continues to evolve through the balance of the year.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ramsey, it's a great question. I tried in my opening comments to give a little bit of color on the types of revenue synergies that we're pursuing with EVO. Naturally, all of those involve some level of investment. I wish more than anything else we could flip a switch and start distributing our products and capabilities through their distribution pipes overnight or bring some of our capabilities to markets that they operate in today that don't have them, but as you can imagine, there's a significant amount of work to stand those up, to integrate those environments into different platforms that EVO operates under to make sure that we have distribution to support, obviously, the product that we're bringing to market, et cetera.  [Indiscernible] EVO multinational customers up in new markets on different platforms takes time as well. So, there's a lot of work that goes into driving, kind of the revenue synergy potential that we see in the EVO business over a longer period of time. That's why near term, much of the emphasis we talk about as it relates to synergies is really around the expense side. That's much more actionable in the short to medium-term. We have clear line of sight to the 125 million expense synergies that we highlighted earlier today. And obviously, that drives a meaningful amount, obviously, of the accretion that we expect from the EVO deal in years one, two and three. I think revenue synergies create nice tailwinds, kind of as we get into the outer years. We certainly think we can add a point or two on top of EVO's existing kind of run rate revenue north of 600 million. So, you're talking at least 10 million to probably 15 million of revenue synergies from the EVO business once we're able to get up and running with respect to the various levels of revenue synergy activities that I talked about earlier in my prepared remarks. So, we see good potential to drive incremental revenue in that business. I think increasing their revenue growth by a point or two on top of what they're already doing is a good target for that business. And obviously, we're very confident over a period of time that we'll deliver on that, if not more, once we're able to light up all those opportunities.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I would say, it's an incredibly important part of our strategy, as we talked about back at our investor conference a little over a year and half ago. I think as I look at it, there's clearly an element of attracting new merchants to our portfolio by virtue of the breadth and depth of capabilities that we bring. I think there is a retention element in terms of being able to deliver more product and capability and differentiation to our customers by virtue of the value-added services we're able to offer. And I think thirdly, on the integrated side, we've seen great success in retaining partners and bringing in new partners at what I would consider to be relatively attractive referral rates largely based on the portfolio capability that we can bring to bear on their customer base. So, we offer much more than the pure payment experience that a lot of integrated providers are able to offer their customers. I think the breadth of value-added service we can bring is a differentiator in terms of working with our integrated partners, and it's been a big reason we continue to see the strength in that business that we have over the last many quarters. So, it's an increasingly important part of the value proposition that we're delivering to our customers.  It's an important part of the growth profile over a longer-term period. And again, I think we've done a very good job of utilizing the capabilities we have to drive differentiation and distinction in the market. And it's even more important as we look at markets outside of the U.S. Bringing some of the capabilities that we have in the U.S. to markets like Central Europe to the U.K., Spain, et cetera, drives even greater levels of differentiation relative to what others in those markets can offer today and they've been a significant tailwind for those businesses as well. So, long-term, it's an important part of our strategy. It's why we spent so much time talking about it at the investor conference, and it's something we're going to continue to build on as we move forward in time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll just start at a macro level, and I'll let Josh maybe jump in if he has any additional color to add. I would say, we got to look at margin profile in Q1 ex-EVO because EVO comes in at a lower margin profile than our core business. So, in Q1, we expanded margins ex-EVO by around 25 basis points. That's pretty consistent with where we ended up in Q4. As you can imagine, mix probably impacts that more than anything else, that we've got mix movement. As the vertical market businesses continue to perform well and recover in some of those verticals relative to what they experienced during the pandemic, that tends to come in at a lower margin profile, which from a mix matter, kind of ways to the overall margin expansion we're seeing in the business. But I would say, for Q1, we delivered margin expansion for the merchant business ex-EVO exactly on top of our plans. And I'll remind you, those margins are at, sort of north of 47%. So, as we think about margin expansion in the business over a longer period of time, when we're already at margins of 47%, 48% in that business, obviously, as we look at margin expansion for the company overall, more of that will be driven through gaining better scale across our corporate functions and obviously continue to see those expenses as a percentage of revenue not grow at the same pace. And then secondly, obviously, in the issuer business that has a little more runway, I think, around margin expansion over the near to medium-term. So, merchant was exactly what we expected for the quarter. We still expect the same expectation for the full-year, as Josh articulated in his prepared remarks around merchant margins. As we bring EVO in, it comes in at a lower margin profile. As we continue to build synergies over time, we'll get back to kind of pre-EVO levels and then, of course, look to expand from there.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Vasu, it's Cameron. I think I mentioned this before. Obviously, to Jeff's point earlier, we saw strong trends in January, February. March kind of slowed down a little bit relative to that. And April has been more of the same relative to what we saw in March. So, that's the expectation we kind of have as we look towards the balance of the year. As I said, kind of many times in the past, we don't need perfection for the balance of the year relative to our current outlook to obviously achieve the expectations that we've set forth today. So, I think we feel good about how we're positioned to deliver on the overall guide that we've shared. And obviously, that can withstand, I would say, relatively we're seeing slight deviations, I'd say, in the overall macro environment that we're anticipating for the balance of the year. If things fall off precipitously, then obviously we'll revisit it. If things obviously improve more than we anticipate, obviously, that creates some upside opportunity. So, I think we feel good about, obviously, how the business is positioned for the balance of the year. The guide, I think, today reflects that. And we're looking forward to continue to execute against that.
Jeff Sloan: Darren, it's Jeff. Thanks for saying that. Let me just start by saying Cameron and I have worked close together for nine years and probably in his judgment, it's nine years too late. Probably where I start, but look, I would say, as we said in the press release and our prepared remarks that look, we just posted the best first quarter since 2019. We talked about in February hoping that we were in an environment of normalcy. I think we're there today. We've got our first real beat-and-raise in 18 months. And then really importantly, Darrin, we've said publicly for 12 months that we're focused on closing EVO, closing Netspend, closing the sale on Gaming Solutions, but not surprising you, those probably started like 18 months ago, right. And it's like the last 12 months to 14 months that really kind of ramped up.  So, just sticking for me, I mean, Board and I agreed that I think with these important strategic transactions behind us, I just would thank Cameron for putting up with me for all this period of time, until we got these things done. And then I'd also say, it's important. I talked about the return to normalcy, but I want to make sure we have a stable macroeconomic environment and really this is the first period since probably 2019 that we've had, do any kind of real stability, normalcy our businesses are operating at very good levels. So, I think the timing is right and I'll quite really be sitting on a beach that [indiscernible]. Darrin, if you’re ever in [South part] [ph], just come visit me.
Jeff Sloan: James, just to add some color to the math that Josh went through. We're looking at current volumes and transactions in April. So that already reflects, to your point, and I think Josh said this in his prepared remarks, what you've heard from Visa and Mastercard and some of the other folks. So, I think that incorporates the current environment. Yet despite that, we've been able to raise our outlook a little bit better than the beat internally, as Josh described. So, we're very comfortable with where we are. And as I mentioned a minute ago, too, in my prepared remarks, particularly in the issuer business, we're the beneficiaries of the tailwinds coming from some of the consolidation from regional banks into the money center and SIFIs. [Indiscernible] JPM announcement today with First Republic, I would just say that our issuer business, in particular, hasn't seen any discernable moderation. Obviously, we pointed to acceleration today in our outlook, and that very much reflects [current] [ph] events. As I mentioned a minute ago, our trends through April sitting here today from a KPI point of [indiscernible] are very strong, right? And that's before some of the more recent consolidation. So, it may not be great for the broader macroeconomic environment, but certainly, the trend toward larger FIs globally is nothing but good news for our issuer business.
Jeff Sloan: Bryan, it's Jeff. I couldn't be more positive about where we are in Issuer. I mean I think this is the fourth quarter in a row of significant sequential acceleration in the rate of growth of that business. B2B has been part of it now for probably nine months or something, and that provides another leg of growth. And I think I said last quarter added like 50 basis points or something of incremental growth relative to the Core Issuer business. So yes, I would say not in the nine RFP number or other things that are going on in terms of large financial institutions looking to select either new providers, their first time with providers. I think we're very well-positioned there. As I said on the call in February that the cloud sells, right? So, when we first started this, we weren't sure number of years ago in the receptivity. Now, you walk into a meeting and it's kind of table stakes. And I think with AWS, we're in a very strong position. So, very excited about where we are. And these are the things that I've been talking about for a year and half kind of rolling in, and I think as difficult as maybe for the broader macro economy, even today's announcement of JPM, yes, that's good news, right? So, I think the more we see toward money center and SIFI, I think the more confidence we have in the tailwinds over the next number of periods. And those aren't going to reverse themselves immediately, so I think you've got a very nice tailwind heading into the next period of time.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, it's a great question, Vasu. So, we really couldn't be more excited about where we are in B2B. And by the way, I know you have that neural treatment. Of course, EVO has now rolled into from the end of March. So, obviously, that's an incremental tailwind to, kind of what we're doing. So look, I think the answer to your question is, there is a long and deep pipeline that we've been selling over at military for quite some time. The person running our business now, started last summer, I think it was right around July 1, so he's been very busy building that pipeline. We're seeing the benefit of that now. We're also seeing a very substantial benefit from cross-sell of virtual card, where TSYS is one of the largest virtual card providers on the planet into our core business, and that's growing at rates well north pf 20%. So, I just think, Vasu, to answer your question, it's the mathematics of selling recurring cloud SaaS business, the deeper the pipeline is, the more it rolls in. It's obviously very visible on the cross-sell and attach rate from virtual cards into the core on the software sale is very high. So, it's really just the mathematics of what we built. In terms of notables, I think we [said those] [ph], to be honest, on the February call, I think we talked about U.S. Bank, I think we talked about Citizens. Those are obviously two notable wins. And I expect over the balance of the year Cameron and Josh and team will be describing more. But we couldn't be more pleased with where that business is and its trajectory and, look, increasing the rate of growth from 20% to 30% or a 50% increase, I think, is evidence of our confidence in it.
Josh Whipple: Yes. So, I'll go ahead and take that. So, as we thought about the guide, the outlook assumes the macro backdrop, as I said in my prepared remarks, is consistent with the current environment. And really, there's really two primary changes to the guide. What I would say is, the first change is the outperformance that we saw in Q1, which was approximately 40 million from a revenue perspective and EPS was about $0.05 or $0.06 better relative to our internal forecast. And then secondly, it's the $25 million that we expect to or that we received from Netspend in the month of April. Other than that, nothing has really changed relative to our guide that we went through on the February call and laid out specifically – very specifically by quarters.
Josh Whipple: Yes, absolutely. Look, what I would say is, February, we gave you very specific quarterly growth rates on revenue and earnings per share. And I would say, Q2 through Q4, nothing has really changed. So, if you go back to the earnings presentation that we put out there, we said adjusted net revenue reported 5% to 6% Q2, 8% to 9% in Q3. And four, we did obviously raise – we did raise the overall outlook to 7% to 8% based on the performance that we saw in Q1 and which I just outlined. And then from a margin perspective, look, we saw a really good margin expansion in Q1 of 200 basis points, exactly what we said we would do. And from Q2 through Q4, we expect 100 basis points margin expansion, which we laid out on the February call. And then from an EPS perspective, again, we're right in that 9% to 10% range for Q2 through Q4, which we outlined in February. So again, nothing has changed as it relates to Q2 through Q4 relative to what we discussed on the February call.
Josh Whipple: Yes. The only thing I would add is that as it relates to Q2 and Q3, we'll see some margin contraction, as Cameron mentioned, by bringing in EVO, which is coming in at a lower profile, and then we'll start to see some margin expansion in Q4. And then the net result of this will just be a modest decline in merchant margins for the full-year, which is, again, consistent with the guide that we outlined on the February call.
