Cameron Bready: Hi, Darrin, it’s Cameron. I’ll start, and I’ll ask Jeff and Paul to jump in with any other details. So, maybe if you deconstruct a little bit the volume data that we are providing today. Obviously, we, I think, gave a good amount of disclosure here, as you highlighted. So year-over-year, our volumes in the fourth quarter grew 24% versus revenue growth of roughly 21%. And versus ‘19, that’s back 28% versus growth of 16%. I would say what’s impacting the delta is really the software businesses as it relates to the 2019 compare. If you look at our pure merchant businesses for the fourth quarter versus 2019, they were up probably 21%, 22% relative to that 28% growth in volume. So, a little bit of weighing of the software businesses against the 2019 result as a revenue matter. In terms of what’s driving things, I think Paul gave a lot of detail in his script. We’re obviously seeing very good trends in our technology-enabled businesses and obviously starting to see recovery in our software, pure software businesses, vertical market businesses as we head into 2022, even though they are still a little bit depressed versus 2019 levels. But again, Integrated had a terrific quarter yet again. It’s compounded rate of growth over the last couple of years been in that mid-teen range. We continue to see good performance in our point-of-sale software businesses, having grown 53% this quarter and roughly 50% year-over-year, continue to see good performance in our payroll and HCM businesses, as Paul highlighted in his script. So it’s pretty clear that the technology-enabled businesses have continued to drive growth in our overall portfolio and our overall results. And as we head into 2022, the software businesses we expect to provide, the vertical market software businesses we expect to provide a nice tailwind to growth for the year in overall in 2022.
Cameron Bready: Sure. Good morning Ashwin. I would say, obviously, we provided some booking data today for the merchant business for the full year 2021 plus 20%, obviously suggesting we have a lot of positive momentum from a new sales and execution standpoint heading into 2022. I would highlight a few things. One is we continue to see positive tailwinds coming out of the pandemic for our safer commerce solutions, our omnichannel solutions and our commerce enablement solutions. What we are really seeing with our core merchant customer base is there is strong demand for technology. There is strong demand for efficiency and there is strong demand for solutions that help offset the fact that hiring is very difficult right now. So, the more we can bring to bear on our customers to help them again run their businesses more effectively and find opportunities to grow their business, the more traction we are achieving from a sales perspective than the new market. So, our targets for 2022, I would say, are roughly consistent in terms of growth as to what we achieved in 2021 as a new bookings matter. We have a lot of confidence and momentum heading into the year that we will be able to execute against that. The last thing I will say is as we started 2022, we have actually brought our U.S. payments business and our GPI business together as a distribution matter, which will allow us to really unleash our relationship managers in the U.S. payments channel on our GPI partner customers. So, this gives us new opportunities, I think to accelerate growth, have a smoother go-to-market motion from a sales and distribution perspective here in the U.S. And I think unlock untapped value that exists in that portfolio of vertical market partners that we have in the GPI business by attacking it with a broader sales force going forward. So, I think we have a lot of confidence around where we are from the new sales and execution. And very simply put, I don’t think we have ever been in a better place as a distribution matter, particularly from a technology-enabled distribution perspective, nor have we been in a better place in terms of the product group solutions and capabilities that we can bring to bear on the market. So, we have a lot of confidence in our ability to continue the trends we saw coming out of 2021 from the new sales and bookings standpoint. And I think, obviously, that underlies the guide that we provided for 2022 as well for the merchant business.
Cameron Bready: Yes, maybe just a few other points that I would call out specifically. So, maybe to start with, there is about a point of FX headwind kind of in that number. So, if you think about it on a normalized constant currency basis, it’s going to be a little bit higher. So, there is a few things, I think going on that are worthy of calling out. Certainly, in the U.S., we expect to see continued strong trends. We have seen a good recovery in the U.S., so probably not quite as much of a tailwind in 2022 from a U.S. recovery, because a lot of that has flowed through. But still a little bit of tailwind there. We expect to see more tailwind coming out of our vertical market software businesses, of course, as Paul highlighted earlier, as we continue to see recovery in the specific verticals that have been more heavily impacted by the pandemic kind of heading into 2022. And we still have a little bit of runway left, I would say, internationally from a recovery standpoint from the pandemic as well that gives us a little bit of a tailwind overall. But clearly, growth is going to continue to be led by our technology-enabled businesses. As Paul highlighted earlier, we continue to have strong expectations for GPI. As I mentioned earlier, by unleashing additional sales resources against that channel, we expect to be able to drive incremental opportunities there. Clearly, e-com and our omnichannel solutions remain very robust from a demand standpoint, we saw great growth in those in 2021, and 2022 is starting out well on that front, and will continue to be a tailwind for the business as well. And then our other software and commerce enablement solutions across HCM and payroll, POS solutions, etcetera, our analytics and customer engagement platform as we roll out our Google Run and Grow My Business solutions this year. Obviously, those will be a nice tailwind to growth overall for the year. So again, overall, the business will, I think, produce results above the long-term sort of expectations we have for the business, largely benefiting by continued recovery from the pandemic in 2022. But to the earlier question, as we head into 2023, we would expect that environment to largely normalize and you will continue to see sort of double-digit growth for the merchant business heading into 2023.
Cameron Bready: Yes. So, you are right. In the fourth quarter, we kind of had three dynamics at play. And certainly, I have talked about all three, too, in the prepared remarks. One was managed services, as Jeff commented, as we continue to pivot this business to the cloud and more tech enablement, the lower margin kind of human interactive kind of managed services business is not one that we are focused on. We are very kind of margin tenant in this business, and that is a lower margin business that continues to have more compressed margins. So, it’s one that kind of re-deemphasizing. We are certainly continuing to stay in the business and offering it, but we are going to do it when we get a good margin for the business. So, that is kind of one kind of piece of the headwind in the quarter. We did have some things in the fourth quarter of last year. One customer particularly had to meet some minimums and a few other things that kind of play through that just didn’t recur in the fourth quarter of this year. So, that’s kind of the tougher comp piece I was talking about. And then as I commented on, we saw, relative to our expectations, kind of that deceleration on the commercial card side that had that continued to trajectory like we would have anticipated. But for the impact of Omicron, that’s back where we see that business solidly in that mid-single digit range. I would say also that for fourth quarter, the volume-based revenue, our account on found transaction revenue for that fourth quarter was solidly in that mid-single digit range. So, as we go forward, yes, it’s going to be continued kind of compression on the managed services side for next year. So, we will see that kind of play out once again, in the first quarter, we had some more comp there. We will see a progressive improvement on the commercial card side. And we are seeing solid or certainly projecting both with what Jeff talked about on the conversion pipeline as well as what we saw from transactions and our forecast so far and what we are seeing in transactions, solidly mid-single digit growth with that account on file revenue and transaction revenue really throughout the year. So – but for kind of the few things I mentioned, it’s a pretty solid kind of mid-single digit growth year for us next year – this year in line with that expectation. And I think that kind of provides the picture you are looking for.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a great question. This is Cameron. I will start, and I will ask Jeff and Paul to jump in as well. I would say we have seen good traction already in our ability to cross-sell MineralTree into our existing base of not only merchant customers, but partners. In particular, in the GPI channel, we have a significant number of roughly 6,000 software partners for whom the MineralTree solution is the ideal solution given the size of their business to manage kind of their automation and to help with their overall B2B payment requirements of software companies. So, as we think about the long-term proposition, we think MineralTree as a standalone sort of point solution is fantastic. And we have seen good traction in our ability to cross-sell it into our existing base of business. But more importantly, it becomes a core underlying foundational component of what we think will be an end-to-end B2B solution that in companies, both AP automation, AR automation, disbursements and acceptance capabilities in an end-to-end platform that seamless fully integrated and able to be deployed to our merchant customers through our digital ecosystem. So, as we think about the long-term B2B strategy, I think it’s really that. It’s building that end-to-end capabilities with money-in, money-out capabilities with AP automation, AR automation, with integrations into general ledger environments, which is really what our customers are looking for. So, MineralTree on its own has been a great tailwind as we look to cross-sell new product and capability into the merchant base. But as we continue to build out the B2B strategy long-term, it becomes more important as that foundational element to build out the end-to-end capability.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think you hit the nail on the head. I think it’s really just mix differences. I don’t think there is an appreciable difference, to be honest with you, when you are aggregating that level of data together. I think if you look at it across the globe, I think our trends are very consistent sort of sequentially with what we saw coming out of the network. So look, there is always going to be noise in the data because we are running a particular mix of business. The networks represent more of the markets. So, there are things that we are benefiting from that they are not. There is things that are benefiting from that we are not as it relates to the mix of businesses. But I would characterize from our perspective, the trend is generally in line with what we saw coming out of the network sort of sequentially Q3 to Q4.
Jeff Sloan: Darrin, it’s Jeff. I would just add to what Cameron said a couple of things. First, we see continued strength in our e-com business, as Paul alluded to in his prepared remarks, which we’re really pleased with in the fourth quarter heading into the year. Darrin, I’d say is we exceeded our forecast in January, which we feel good about to start the year, obviously, our guides our guide. But we feel good about the trajectory, and we did see a recovery in volumes towards the end of January into early February in certain selected verticals that we’re in. So we feel like it’s tracking very nicely versus our guide today, and we’re kind of pleased with the start to the year.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, it’s a great question, Darrin. So let me just start with the strategy portion of what you asked. So I really think the pivot has been quite some time incoming. If you think about the company for a second, go back to the investor conference in September, we really positioned the business as adding another leg to the stool with B2B. Netspend has significant B2B assets pre-MineralTree and, of course, post October with MineralTree even more significant B2B assets. So we really view the September investor conference as kind of a linchpin in terms of our strategic set and where our focus in our thesis really needs to be And I think the success of the integration that we referred to in our prepared remarks around MineralTree, and Paul gave the 19% bookings number, as well as the payments penetration into that business is something we’re very excited about. So we’re off to a really good start. So we think from that point of view, we like the predicate in September, the execution was very good through the fourth quarter. We think we’re in good shape as a guidance matter in B2B. So I think the right thing to do, therefore, is to focus on highlighting those assets that are consistent with the long-term strategy of the company, which is really on the corporate client focus. I kind of listed that to my script, software companies, technology leaders. And we’re really not a B2C direct kind of company, which is the part we referred to really in the presentation. So I think the strategy shift has been some time in coming. I think September was a big milestone. I think the closing of military in October was a big milestone. And I view this as kind of the next milestone. On your question about allocation of process, look, it’s going to depend where things are if and when we reach the point where we have something that we would execute. You saw our announcement today about increasing our buyback up to another $2 billion. Just to be clear, that amount does not assume any disposition of Netspend. So, if that were to happen and if we were to retire more capital, then that would be incremental to the $2 billion repurchased about 6% of the company stock since the 2020 period. That doesn’t include the current $2 billion depending on where things shake out over periods of time that could be another 5%. And then obviously, if we reduce something with Netspend, along the line that you asked, and if we were to repurchase stock, that would be incremental to that number. So it’s just going to depend on the facts and circumstances at the time that we do it. I don’t expect it – this is something we proceed with. It would be later this year in calendar ‘22, our guidance, our guide. And I don’t expect it to have all that significant impact depending on when it happens in 2022. But that’s something we will address if and when we kind of reach that decision point.
Jeff Sloan: Sure, Bryan. So if you kind of think, and a lot of it is just going to depend on how the strategic review goes, what potential buyers’ interest level is in the various pieces. But just at a high level, the way to kind of think about it is roughly 15% of the business is kind of the B2B assets that Jeff was just referring to. And obviously, the two biggest components of that are our pay card business as well as the MineralTree business. I would highlight just as an add-on to what Jeff said, both of those businesses have high-growth characteristics to them and certainly higher than the consumer piece. Both businesses on a fundamental basis, grew double digits in the fourth quarter and have that consistent kind of growth rate on a forward-looking basis relative to kind of the cycle guide range that we want for the company. So the fundamentals of those businesses have those kind of characteristics strategically, but also it’s just a growth matter as well. As it relates to the fit, the overall fit, we talked about this, obviously, in the Investor Day, but there is a lot of kind of synergistic benefits with the commercial card business, obviously, B2B that we have in our issuer business, which also grows at a faster rate in a normalized environment. Obviously, it’s been a headwind to our growth there in the pandemic. And kind of between what MineralTree has and what we have in that solution set around the broader B2B apparatus that we have in issuer is a nice fit. And I would just mention on the pay card side, obviously, what we do on our payroll business in our Merchant Solutions kind of segment has some nice synergistic benefits. So yes, I mean that’s – as Jeff said, that’s kind of the strategy. It’s why we’re interested in keeping those kind of B2B assets and look to kind of strategically review the consumer assets.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, it’s a great question, Bryan. Thanks. So we’re really pleased to announce that today. As I said in the prepared remarks, it’s 30 million cards. This is a really big deal, and we expect to be live in the back half of next year towards the end of next year. And as all said, this is said in the prepared comments, in it’s a big deal about it is it’s direct to the cloud. So we’re taking a traditional institution with a good book of business of 30 million cards and going live kind of day 1 in a cloud-based environment, which as you know, is something we’ve invested very heavily in, at least since August of 2020. The other thing I’d like to point out, Bryan, given the size of it is – what we said in our slide show today is we have 31 million accounts on file in our implementation pipeline today at TSYS issuer. This is another 30 million, that’s not that number, Bryan. So that would actually double the implementation pipeline, just to give you a sense of size. And we think this would be one of our top two or three customers in Europe by way of size. As I said in the press release this morning, this will also make us among the largest debit technology providers in all of Europe. So it’s a really big deal at the end of the day. I’d also say, as it relates to the 31 million existing accounts on file that are currently implementation pipeline, 22 million are coming online live this year at TSYS in 2022. So this is a really big increment and also very nicely as we grow, as Paul said, throughout the year in 2022 in Issuer, this adds a very healthy pipeline plus Truist, which we previously announced in 2023, as well as Virgin Money. So we’re super positive about where it is. As it relates to Caixa more broadly, look, this is something that Caixa conducted an extensive RFP on. You would imagine that they went extensively to kind of compare our technologies versus new entrants as well as other providers in the marketplace in Europe and globally, and we couldn’t be more pleased that they selected us. And obviously, we’ve got great feedback coming out of it. So it gives us a lot of confidence in the remainder of this year’s growth. Given the current pipeline but double the pipeline heading into next year, which makes us feel really good about the next 18 months.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Ashwin, it’s Jeff. I’ll start speaking the issuer, and then I’ll ask Cameron and Paul, and we give a lot of bookings detail this morning, but I’ll ask them to comment on merchant. So listen, no surprise to you, Ashwin or anyone listening to the call, initial or the cloud sales. So I gave that example, Caixa, direct-to-cloud not looking for any kind of intermediate step in between. We also announced today a new partnership with Mastercard, which will put online transaction data directly into cloud with AWS, which means as a consumer you can actually look online live at your postings and overdue balances and see really kind of real-time flows through AWS and the cloud, and that’s really just with us for the next period of time through the remainder of the year when it goes live. So look, I would say that on the cloud side, things are moving very quickly. We announced the KB deal in the Czech Republic, which is a legacy Global Payments culture going direct to prime in the cloud, which is a big deal. We announced the other customer in Asia, also going live in prime in the cloud as well. So I would say as it relates to decision-making and phase of implementation. I would say the cloud, which was part of our thesis when we did the deal in the first place has really accelerated the time to market. Now why would that be? Number one, I think it’s very topical for most CTOs and large banks. Number two, I would say, if you look at the historical TSYS model of kind of buying it off in one place, and Paul alluded to the managed services side of the business, which is really call center functionality, what we’re really emphasizing going forward is micro services and decomposed deconstructed APIs. So you can kind of buy by the drink with us. And you’re seeing some of the early wins here, which would accelerate decision-making, Ashwin. Some of the early wins around prime live in the cloud, which is what we kind of announced today. And then with Caixa, you’re seeing whole enterprises what would have been TS2, but whole enterprise is going direct to the cloud live. So I would say that the pivot toward cloud is certainly short circuited some of the timeframes you might have seen historically. We are live with that with use cases with Prime and obviously, with Caixa will be live with that in the back half of 2023, as we said today. So, certainly on the issuer side, I feel good about it. I would also say before I turn it over to Cameron and Paul, our merchant that we announced today two partnerships with ecolytiq and Xtend. These are neobank, fintech startup kind of companies. They are focused on selling ESG microservices and APIs into all manner of new wave issuers, the same thing with Xtend on the virtual card side. We are providing virtual card technology from TSYS into the B2B space. That’s something we never would have been able to do historically by way of distribution. We are doing that here through AWS and PwC. Those are all incremental and things that we described is tripling the TAM back when we announced Ashwin, the August 20, AWS unique collaboration. So, I do agree with your thesis that we are seeing acceleration in sales opportunities on the issuing side. Cam, do you want to talk a little about merchants.
Jeff Sloan: Hi James, it’s Jeff. It’s a great question. So, I would say a few things to what you asked. Look, we have a long pipeline of opportunities, but I think we are very cognizant that we are generating really attractive returns by buying back the stock. So, while we have a lot of things that we could do on the strategic side to get the returns that we are looking at in the stock market from buying back our own stock, the bar is just pretty high at the end of the day. We are just finishing a period where we generated something like $2.5 billion thereabouts in free cash flow. We ticked up leverage a little bit up to around 3x on a debt basis, as Paul said. And get some like $2.5 billion of available capacity. So, there is really no shortage of things we can continue to do. As I said in response to one of the earlier questions, we have already bought back 6% of the stock since the pandemic kind of started. We will do another 5% more or less this year, depending on conditions if we exhaust the $2 billion that I mentioned today. And if we redeploy Netspend, if that were to occur, depending on how we redeploy that, that could be another big chunk coming back in. So, the nice thing about where we are game is we have tons of free cash flow generation and a very high conversion rate, which we reiterate today and a very good expansion of margins. So, plenty of capacity from cash on hand, free cash flow conversion and leverage capacity to invest in our business. The question for us is where – what side of pendulum do you kind of fall on, and clearly, as we just suggested, we have been more on the side, I think the number I gave was $3. 7 billion of buybacks relative to $2.5 billion. Clearly, the most recent period, given where the stock has gone in the market and the dislocations in fintech, clearly, we have aired rightly so more in the side of buybacks. So, it will depend. I would say at the end of the day, leverage markets remain very favorable. Pulp coated our recent capital raise in November, which was like 2.27% pretax, which is a very attractive rate. Having done $2.5 billion more or less of free cash flow last year, we will do an increment this year. So, we have done a lot of avenues that we can pursue. So, we have no real practical constraint. As we said in September, at the investor conference, we expect to have $30 billion of available free cash flow leverage capacity over the next 3-year to 5-year cycle. You saw the $6 billion in the press release just since 2020. So, we are well on track on the $30 billion. But certainly, given where things are today, our thumb is on the scale of repurchase, and that’s what you saw some of this morning.
Jeff Sloan: I wouldn’t necessarily kind of go to that kind of level of granularity as it relates to kind of the growth rate you are right in that kind of overall sizing of the growth rate that you mentioned there. But as it relates to the components drive it kind of just maybe go back to what Cameron provided earlier, and he may have some additional comments as well, but that our tech-enabled and particularly, we would highlight kind of integrated and obviously, some of the software assets that we talked about in the prepared remarks would be on the higher side of that kind of growth pendulum and then on the lower side or some of the other businesses in certain geographies, vertical markets, obviously, depending on the recovery dynamics in those various businesses kind of play their way through. We have kind of assumptions on each one of those around the recovery and how those look throughout the year. And there are some timing elements with some of those. So, that would be the right way to kind of think about it, higher growth on the tech-enabled side. Certainly, that’s the right kind of overall growth rate. And Cameron, I don’t know if you have anything else to add.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, Vasu, it’s Jeff. I would add to what Cameron said on the issuer side that we have some like 1,300 bank partners in issuer. I think MineralTree had like 20 to 30 when we did the deal in October. One of the things that we heard from banks was the product of MineralTree, very similar to Cameron said, is terrific, but financial institutions being where they are always worried about the size of the company and the balance sheet exposure and that kind of thing. Well, there is no concerns about that with us. So, we see great traction on the issuing side with that by customers globally, not just here in the United States and MineralTree is predominantly a U.S. only business, although we did announce some overseas stuff with them today. So, our ability to expand that in the United States and export it globally, I think, is very attractive to us and it’s something that we are super excited about.
