Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Jane, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are delighted with our performance for the first quarter, which represents a terrific start to our 2015 fiscal year and further demonstrates the continued success of our focus on solid business execution and disciplined capital deployment. For the quarter, we delivered strong revenue growth of 12% to $705 million, cash earnings per share growth of 22% to $1.22 and operating margin expansion of 10 basis points.  Our North American business contributed better-than-expected results for the quarter, both in the United States and Canada. U.S. results were driven by consistent execution across our direct channels, including the addition of PayPros. Canada also reported strong performance in local currency with 8% revenue growth and stable business fundamentals.  Our international business performance reflects solid results across most of our markets, with particularly strong revenue growth in Spain and our e-commerce channel. These results also include favorable currency rate trends in the quarter for the British pound sterling and the euro as anticipated.  Importantly, we've also made tremendous progress transforming Global Payments into a unified, worldwide-operating company with an emphasis on direct sales and product innovation, while continuing to enhance our core technology platform. Recognizing that today's merchant is increasingly connected in an omni-channel environment, we are dedicated to providing our merchants an edge in terms of technology and value-added payment solutions. Our efforts to combine APT and PayPros into a single integrated solutions business, which we have rebranded as OpenEdge, are further evidence of this commitment.  OpenEdge helps software developers and merchants by delivering secure and personalized payment solutions. Aligned with our overall strategy, OpenEdge is driving payments innovation, adapting, scaling and simplifying how payments are processed across platforms and points of interaction in an increasingly complex landscape.  Consistent with my comments over the past year, we have also remained focused on expanding our worldwide footprint and adding direct distribution in key strategic markets. To that end, I am delighted with our agreement to acquire Ezidebit that we announced last month.  Ezidebit is a leading integrated payments company focused on recurring payments verticals in Australia and New Zealand. Much like our OpenEdge business in the United States, Ezidebit markets its products through a network of integrated software vendors and direct channels to numerous vertical markets. This acquisition will expand our worldwide footprint and provide us with technology-enabled direct distribution in Australia, one of the largest economies and payments markets in the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, similar to our expansion of OpenEdge technology into Canada, we intend to offer Ezidebit services to other Asia-Pacific regions where these types of solutions do not presently exist.  We're also very pleased to have entered into a strategic agreement to acquire Fidelity National Information Services' gaming business that we expect will significantly expand our direct distribution in the North American gaming vertical. This transaction is complementary to our existing gaming business and will expand our suite of innovative products and services. By combining our gaming businesses, we can cross-sell our full suite of products to their more than 250 flagship locations and enhance our value proposition, while leveraging their industry-leading scale and capabilities in risk management. We expect significant operational synergies when the transaction closes toward the end of our fiscal year. Both of these transactions represent an attractive use of our capital and are expected to contribute meaningfully to our ability to deliver on our financial expectations over the coming years. I am confident that we have the financial flexibility and capacity to continue to pursue a well-disciplined corporate development road map, reinvest in the business and efficiently return capital to shareholders. These are not mutually exclusive initiatives and combined, will continue to drive attractive shareholder returns.  Now I will turn the call over to Cameron. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thank you, Cameron. For the past 5 quarters, we have delivered strong and consistent performance resulting from the ongoing successful execution of our strategic initiatives. We remain committed to driving sustainable growth in each of our markets and dedicated to creating value for our shareholders, partners, customers and employees. As the first quarter demonstrates and our increased fiscal 2015 expectations suggests, we continue to anticipate another strong year.  Now I'll turn the call over to Jane. 
Jeffrey Sloan: So Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll start. I think as we've said before, we're sitting here at the end of the first quarter, so we're very, very pleased with where we are currently. We're very pleased to raise revenue, margin and cash earnings guidance for the year. But we are at the start of the first quarter. And I think as you've seen us do historically, we like to be in a position where we expect that as the year goes on, that we increase our confidence level around the continuing performance of the business, and I think that's something you probably have heard consistently from us over time.  And with that, though, I'll turn it over Cameron. And perhaps, Cameron, you can take us a little bit around the globe and just walk through some of the trending in terms of what we see that ties into the guidance. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Dave, it's Jeff. I think it's just continued good execution. We have a newer management team up in Canada in the last year. I think you're starting to see the fruits of that reinvigoration of the sales channel. We're very pleased with the new initiatives that we have in Canada. And I would say, financially, for the quarter and outlook for the year, Dave, that Cameron expressed that we have seen a higher retention rate on some of those actions that we had taken through, I think, good management up in Canada than we had seen historically. So I would say, more stickiness, Dave, is probably one thing I would point to and better sales execution. 
Jeffrey Sloan: And I would say -- Glenn, it's Jeff, that the revenue growth we expect at that business is slightly higher -- in line, but slightly higher than our OpenEdge businesses here in North America. 
Jeffrey Sloan: George, it's Jeff. I'll start. I think you probably had seen our announcement last night with Apple Pay, that we're fully supporting Apple Pay here in the United States across all of our channels, but in particular, through OpenEdge, which is our integrated business.  As you know, based on your question, tokens, of course, are part of the solution as it relates to that mobile construct, and we're pleased to be, I think, an early user of the tokens that are used in that kind of a solution.  I would say more generally, on the strategy side of what you said, we kind of view it as a combination of EMV, tokenization as well as encryption. And we think all 3 parts of that, George, are going to be important for the ultimate solution. So I do think over a period of time that we will incrementally do better in the United States market with all 3 of those as a package. Whether that would meaningfully influence our results, time will tell and you'll have to see. I do think that the market though, will evolve toward a place where, for the right merchant set, and of course, you saw as in OpenEdge and Apple with us last night, it will be a meaningful point of distinction, I believe, for us. I would also say, though, in the case of tokens, well Apple is a very good example of an innovator and a leading partner and a company who has done very well with what they've done to date. I think it's important to realize that there is still in a lack of uniformity on what the right baseline for tokenization should be. So for example, we, here, on our side, are using -- at least in the United States currently, the EMVco tokenization specs. But there are variety, as you probably know, George, of alternative specifications for tokens. Some are at the issuer level, some are at the acquirer level, et cetera. I think it's going to be important for us as an industry to see some kind of rationalization and uniformity of specification, George, for tokens really to have a meaningful impact on payments across all of us in the marketplace. 
Jeffrey Sloan: So I'll start Kevin, and then Cameron will add in too. I think a key thing from our point of view is that we've had very good execution in our direct channel. So if you start with the United States business, I think we are really firing in all cylinders on a direct basis in the U.S. business. Of course, the direct business is at a higher margin, naturally, than some of our third-party businesses anywhere in the world; especially here in the United States. So I think, Kevin, you start with good core direct sales execution, coupled with investments in things like PayPros, and while Fidelity gaming will not tie into fiscal '15 because it really closes at the end of the year, we also have announced there, Kevin, that is a higher-margin business with better-than-industry rates of organic revenue growth, similar to our own business. So I would say, Kevin, good execution and that those things that we're adding into our markets are more direct sales, resources and more businesses with "better than corporate average" corporate operating margins. So I think a conscious effort to have better execution. When we add something, better products and services that drive additional margin. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Well, I think, Kevin, as a strategy manner, without giving kind of a more granular answer to your point, what we like to do is just let those businesses grow as much north of the market as we can. Every month here, we look at our rates of organic revenue and transaction growth in all of our markets versus what you see from the networks and what you see from our publicly reporting peers. Those are our bogeys and we try to exceed what we think those market rates of growth are.  So if you back to what Cameron had said, if you look at the first quarter with our third-party ISO business growing in the low single digit, as Cameron mentioned, we view the organic rate of the market to be mid-single digits or better in the United States markets, so we're trying to exceed that, Kevin. You can imagine what that might do to that mix over time. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Dan, it's Jeff. Certainly, those are good questions and certainly, happy to address those. So let me start off first with the Global Solutions business, which as you rightly said, we are very lucky and fortunate to have PayPal as one of our good partners in that business. I think as Cameron had alluded to in his prepared comments, we continue to see consistently very good performance in that business.  What I would say is that I've said with other parties -- third parties over time, that we are only as a successful in our businesses as our partners are successful. So if you think about it that way, Dan, presumably, the rationale for eBay and PayPal is to enable additional success at both eBay as well as at PayPal. And of course, you'd have to ask them, but is my sense, having read about it and having lived through this stuff before. As I said a minute ago, the more success that they have, we believe, the more success that we, as a good partner, will have. So from that point of view, Dan, I feel like that's nothing but good news for them but also for our business, and that is certainly my expectation.  On the question about -- on the question about Spain, I think we continue to have very good execution and market share gains in that business. I would add that as you've seen around the EU, and certainly from one of the networks, we also believe that we will benefit from continued regulatory change in the European marketplace. Spain was in effect this quarter because it was effective, I believe, September 1. Spain early adopted their equivalent, Dan, of some of the SEPA pricing actions for credit and debit. So we have a lot of confidence in our colleagues in Spain. I think you can see that through the years of consistent performance, and we would expect that to be enhanced, not just through additional market share gains as we've done continuously, but also through some of the benefits that we experienced here in the context of Durbin, that you'll see some of that flow through in the context of SEPA.  And then lastly, getting to your third question about some of the announcements by the networks. I think in our business, the real key for us is the ability to provide additional value, so whether it's Apple Pay, which we announced last night, particularly through OpenEdge, whether it's the additional kiosks or the announcement in our gaming business or the announcement with our partnership with Fidelity and their businesses, the key for us is to be able to offer more value-added products and services, and we and our customers will then be the beneficiary of that.  So to the extent, for example, tokens become more readily accepted, as you've seen with some of the announcements we've made, if that provides more value and if there's way as part of that for us to share in that value participation, that's terrific. If they don't provide more value, then I think that's something that we and everybody else will have to think about. But sitting here today, Dan, I view a lot of the announcements that come out about newer technologies and newer initiatives to the brand as being additive to the quality by reducing consumer concerns about fraud rates, by reducing actual and perceived fraud. All that stuff is very good news for us and for our customers. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Thanks, Steven, it's Jeff. So I would say we still have a good pipeline. I think you have to realize that I say that in the context of just having announced 2 acquisitions in the last 2 or 3 weeks. So as with all pipelines, they build and then hopefully, over time, you execute on some of those transactions and then you rebuild them. So I like where our pipeline is today, but of course, 2 of the transactions, Ezidebit and Fidelity, we have now announced, so clearly those 2 are no longer in the pipeline. You have to keep that in perspective.  Second, in terms of areas of focus, Ezidebit with Australia and New Zealand was an area of focus that we talked quite a bit about in the last number of conference calls. So we had said key strategic objective for us, Steven, is to expand our business in the Asia-Pacific region. Australia, South Korea and Japan, probably in that order, were 3 markets that we're not in that, really, we really have wanted to be in and now we are very pleased to be in the Australian marketplace with the announcement of the Ezidebit acquisition. So I would say, if we could find additional opportunities in that market, or in South Korea and Japan as new markets, we'd be very interested, and we continue to look at those.  Of the markets that we're currently in Asia-Pacific that we've said before that we want to be bigger in, that's still true. So for example, we are looking fairly closely at India, China and the Philippines, 3 markets that we're currently in, that we like, that we'd rather be bigger in if we have a choice. So I think this is still on the horizon. I would say in the North American marketplace, U.S. and Canada, we just announced Fidelity 1 day or 2 ago, so I think it's fair to assume that there's not a lot more company of any size in the North American marketplace eminently.  And then in Europe, we continue to look. Most of the things that we've seen in Europe, we have passed on. We are very pleased with the current construct of our European business. If we can find additional transactions, especially in Continental Europe to expand our GPE business in Prague, we'd be very interested in those, but that's nothing really new. We've been saying that for some time.  And of course, we're also pleased to be in Brazil with our partners at Caixa. We would look to expand our Brazilian business if we can find the right opportunity, as we have said for a while. And we would like to do the same in the rest of Latin America, in particular in Mexico, if we found the right opportunity.  So it's not really new, Steven. I would say what is new post-Ezidebit, is really we're now going to be, upon closing, in Australia and New Zealand. So that was a key focal point of ours. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Tien-tsin, it's Jeff. I think we're excited about first, the opportunity to get into an additional markets in Asia-Pacific. So we've been looking for quite some time, as I said a minute ago, in reaction -- in response to Steven's question about how we entered additional markets in Asia-Pacific, in particular in Australia, which is the fourth-largest economy in Asia-Pacific and is about the same size -- a little bit bigger than the economy in Spain. So I think the first answer to your question is new markets is an important thing that we're focused on.  I would think, second, in terms of your question about the construct of Ezidebit, I would think of it, really, as very similar to what we call OpenEdge, APT and PayPros. So I think you should think about it that way, Tien-tsin, in terms of your understanding of the business. The market in Australia is a little bit different than the market in the United States or a decent number to mean alternative payment schemes outside of the card brands in Australia. So that has a meaningful part of the business over at Ezidebit. So other than that construct, which is local schemes, I think it's very similar, same types of channels. I think there's 60 enterprise software and integrators who they're partnering with to get at the base customer base. So the model you should be thinking about is one that's very similar to OpenEdge, albeit in the Australian market. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Andrew, it's Jeff. I would just say it's continuation -- in addition to what Cameron said, financially, at a high level, it's a continuation of the trend that we probably have talked about in the last 8 quarters or so, which is at the end of the day, the third-party business has really come to a period post-Durbin and post the FAM [ph], a period of very high revenue growth in particular, which of course, has an impact on our GAAP-reported revenues. And that is well now annualized. So I think what you're seeing is those unusual onetime events, which caused that channel to grow very, very quickly for a period of a couple of years. This is probably the 8th consecutive quarter where we've seen a continuation of the same trend of lower growth in that channel. So I wouldn't say it's anything other than an extension of what you've been seeing the last 2 years or so. 
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, Andrew, it's Jeff. So at a high level for me, from a strategy point of view, we expect to see over the cycle, as we laid out in July, continuing operating margin expansion. We've made significant investments in our direct businesses. We believe those are growing at market rates or better. We just got through talking about our third-party business. And while there's not a lot new there over the last 2 years, the truth is that is not growing from a revenue point of view at where rate of market growth is. So the natural mix over time and continued good execution in new products and services and leveraging the technology platform globally as we're doing, generates our expectation that we talked about in July, that we're going to continue to see over the cycle, additional operating margin expansion. That is supplemented by some of that deals that we've announced. So we're very focused on adding products, services, companies, distribution and technologies that are additive to our margins. So the last 2 transactions we've announced, Ezidebit and now Fidelity gaming, are not only growing better than the rates of organic market growth which we described, but have come in, as David mentioned, at margins that are better than our corporate margin.  So I think from a strategy point of view, Andrew, going back to the July-cycle-based guidance, it's a combination of good consistent direct execution in all of our direct channels globally, augmented by -- when we do, do partnerships and acquisitions, those are assets that have good technologies, products and services, good distribution, that without us doing a lot initially, have better margins in the first place. And I think, you add all that stuff together and you should continue to see -- our expectations is continued expansion over the cycle on our operating margins. 
Cameron Bready: Sure. Ashwin, I'll start by just noting that, as you look at the outlook for the revenue guidance for fiscal '15, we are obviously incorporating the first quarter performance and the Ezidebit acquisition. But the FX impacts that we have for the full year are fairly meaningful. For example, the Canadian dollar has weakened, roughly 3% relative to what we had in our July expectations. And as you know, that's particularly impactful currency, given that our revenues are in, obviously, Canadian dollar and much of our expenses are in U.S. dollars given how we manage that business.  But as you go around the globe, and I think I covered some of this in my prepared remarks, we continue to expect good fundamentals in the U.S. market. We've seen strong growth in our direct businesses on a revenue basis, and we expect that momentum to carry through for the full year, recognizing again, however, that we are in the first quarter. As you flip over to Canada, again, we expect a relatively stable environment in Canada, which is what we experienced in the first quarter, and we think that sets up reasonably well for the full year as well.  In Europe, the U.K. business is generally performing in line with our expectations. Our e-commerce business, again, is a little bit above expectations, and we continue to expect good performance out of Spain, but that's somewhat tempered again by what we're seeing in Russia. Russia continues to be a fairly meaningful headwind for Europe, just particularly in light of the overall macro environment in Russia. You've got the market there down 20% year-to-date. Ruble's off 18% year-to-date, in an all-time low against the euro and certainly, near an all-time low against the U.S. dollars, and GDP estimates there are not good. So that clearly creates a little bit of a headwind for our European business. And generally, in Asia, x the Ezidebit acquisition, we're generally expecting fairly much consistent performance in line with our expectations, and Ezidebit is obviously going to be additive to that.  The last thing I would note just from a revenue perspective, is we continue to accommodate our view of the ISO market. And our revenue growth continues to, I think, reflect what we have seen in that business, which is obviously low single-digit growth, and we've accommodated the potential that, that could degrade even a little bit further in the back half of that year or the back 3 quarters of the year.  So when you roll all that together, we've guided up at a midpoint basis about $40 million. We think that obviously, given where we are, we're 1 quarter into the year, it's a reasonable outlook for the full year. 
Cameron Bready: And Dave, it's Cameron. I would just note, in addition to David mentioned, the complementary nature of the business is very attractive to us. And end of day, the price that we're paying, from our perspective, is also very attractive. We view the effective purchase price of the transaction to be in the neighborhood of $180 million after taking into consideration the tax benefits that we realized through the transaction structure. So we think that price relative to what we're getting and the complementary nature of their business to our business and what we could do with that going forward, is a very attractive use of our capital. 
Cameron Bready: Well, I think -- it's Cameron. And Glenn, I'll start with just the revenue side of the equation. I would say for the U.S. business, all of our direct business has really performed better than our expectations in the first quarter, and that's really what's driving, from our perspective, the overall performance.  I would say ISO's generally performed in line with what we had anticipated for the quarter, and that's largely why you're seeing kind of such strong U.S. revenue growth, in particular, integrated -- the integrated channel, which we've now, as you probably saw, rebranded as OpenEdge. OpenEdge performed, again, slightly better than our expectations. We're continuing to make very good progress, I think integrating APT and PayPros and that has generated, I think, positive performance and momentum as we look to the back 3 quarters of the year as well.  As it relates to the overall margin, we did see margin expansion year-over-year, which again, I think, is very much a good story for the U.S. business. As we look to the balance of the year, we continue to expect to see strong margin improvement across the U.S. business. We do expect margin expansion for the U.S. business as well, consistent with the outlook that we gave in July. Obviously, our confidence around that is a little bit bolstered by the results we saw in the first quarter. 
Cameron Bready: Sure. Ezidebit as we mentioned before, is a business that will be additive, again, and accretive to the overall corporate margin. It's generally in line with what we see across our international businesses. So as we look to the back -- the 3 quarters of the year as well, we expect to see Ezidebit contributing a little bit to the margin improvement that we're currently anticipating for the overall business. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, we gave that number a few quarters ago, I believe. I don't think we're going to provide a specific update to that today. But I think it's easy to assume that given the growth of the direct business in the intervening period, that those numbers are less than probably what we quoted to you previously and continuing to decline. So I think that's a trend that we would expect as we move forward in time. But we don't have a specific update to that today. 
Cameron Bready: George, it's Cameron. I do think that's a relatively fair statement to say. We did see some acceleration of that growth in the first quarter. Again, I think that does set up well for us to meet our overall expectations for that business for the year. But I think that is a fair characterization of the results thus far. 
Cameron Bready: George, it's Cameron. Generally, no. I think we're guiding toward a tax rate approaching 28%. It was 27.4% for the first quarter, so I think that's generally in the ballpark of the overall guidance we provided for the full year. We may come in a little light of that, but we're still guiding towards that approaching 28% level. 
Cameron Bready: Bryan, it's Cameron. I don't know that I would say anything is going to really deteriorate in the business, but for perhaps, FX. And also, I think it's important to remember that PayPros annualizes in Q4, so that's going to obviously have an impact on the overall annual revenue growth as well. So as I described earlier, I think when you look at the revenue guidance, we've obviously factored in the first quarter performance. We are including our expectation for Ezidebit. We are being conscious, I think, of the momentum we have going into the back 3 quarters of the year, but also recognize it's very early, despite the fact we're pleased with our overall performance thus far. And I think when you layer in FX on top of that and accommodate, again, for the ISO channel, which again, we view as growth being relatively light in the low single-digit range, and potentially worse, I think that kind of gets you to an overall 7% to 9% level.  Frankly, I'm less focused on the 7% to 9%. That's really just math. I think ultimately, what I'm focused on is the actual revenue numbers themselves, and I think, again, we guided the midpoint up $40 million. We think that's a good place for us to be right now given we're 1 quarter into the year. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, we didn't give a specific sort of estimate as to the FX impact coming into the year. We described it as a modest headwind, so you can use your own judgment as to what modest means. I think as we look to the balance of the year, we think it is a more meaningful headwind to the business, and I'll just note that if you look at all the major currencies to which we are exposed, all but one, we have a more negative outlook for those currencies for the balance of the year than we did in the July time frame and I would say, relatively meaningfully more negative outlook. So I think that's really what's driving a lot of what you're seeing from a top line revenue perspective is just that impact of FX. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, as we commented earlier, Russia represents about 3% of our total revenue for the company. So I wouldn't want to characterize performance as dramatically negative relative to our expectations. But it did fall a little bit short. I think we're really pleased with the job our colleagues are doing in Russia given the overall environment there and some of the highlights that I provided earlier as to where the ruble stands and where the overall macroeconomic situation is, particularly where GDP growth is. But again, we have a slightly more tempered view. We came into the year with a tempered view and I'd say, our view is slightly more tempered than it even was in July for that business for the full year. And particularly, when you layer on the impact of the ruble, which has, again, continued to degrade significantly, performance expectations for that business are not particularly great right now. 
Cameron Bready: And then, David, just a little follow on to and to the previous question. We have the ability to do tokenization today point-to-point as well and for customers with the right terminals, the ability to do EMV as well. If you go forward over calendar '15 and think of that as the opportunity for bundled solutions for more secured processing, absolutely, that's adding more value to the transactions, which should provide the ability to price appropriately around that as well. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, Jim, it's Cameron. I wouldn't give a specific estimate as to how much is being driven by any particular aspect of the business. I think what it reflects overall is just the continuing improvement in the overall margin profile for the aggregate company. Some of that's being driven by initiatives that we have, as Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks, to move towards a single-operating-company platform. Some of that's driven by the improvements we've made in terms of adding new businesses to the mix that obviously come in at higher than our corporate average margin. And some of it, I think, is just outright execution in a lot of our businesses around the world. So not going to splice it more specifically than that, but I think it's a combination of those factors. 
Cameron Bready: I think it was probably a little slower than it was in the May quarter. I don't think the deceleration was dramatic. We still view it in the low single digit from a growth perspective. But as I mentioned before, our revenue guidance does contemplate the potential that, that could deteriorate a little bit more as we look to the back 3 quarters of the year. But it was probably a little weaker than we saw in the May quarter, but it wasn't dramatic. 
Cameron Bready: No. I think that expectation is still largely consistent based on our current outlook for the full year. 
Cameron Bready: I don't know that there's anything more significant external taking place in the marketplace. I think it's more of a commentary, I think, largely from our perspective as to where our focus has been here over the last few quarters. It's clearly on growing our direct business. It's clearly on growing OpenEdge, our integrated business, and focusing on, again, putting our efforts behind what we view as more the long-term future of our company, which is the direct distribution model, through those businesses that we have. So I don't know that I would read too much further into it than that. I think it's just a fairly consistent commentary with what we've seen over the last few quarters around where our focus is and the result of that as flow through our overall financial performance. 
David Mangum: Yes, Ashwin, this is David. The initial reception has been quite good for the rollout of integrated solutions, which we've now, as you know, rebranded OpenEdge on a worldwide basis, particularly in North America. Initial reception's quite good and you've put your finger on an important thing to watch for Canada over the coming years really. Initially, this is the initial roll out of integrated solutions into one of our largest markets. So you won't see a big change in Canadian trends, but certainly, our hope is we can drive greater organic growth at high profit levels through the integrated channel and the initial signs are quite positive. 
David Mangum: Dave, this is David. I don't think we're going to walk through a lot of detail. But the base business we're buying is on the order of about a $50 million business with margins that are accretive to Global Payments' margins. We obviously expect the combination will drive even better margin expansion over time, and maybe it's worth doing a little bit of a reset for everyone on what the gaming business is and isn't within Global Payments. We don't spend a lot of time talking about it, but just as a reminder, it's been a consistent mid to high single-digit grower, operating at margins higher than the company's margins, and it's a very consistent business when you think of the theme of technology-enabled distribution. This is a series of products, innovative products, by the way, that are focused on very specific vertical, gaming and cash access on the floor in casinos. Our technology there helps everyone -- helps casinos manage credit exposure, get cash onto the floor and really delight their most important customers.  Fidelity does exactly the same thing. So we really love the idea of putting these 2 together, the ability to cross-sell and the geographic expansion that comes with it. We're very excited about this transaction. 
David Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. We think it's quite important to the integrated business to bring those technology platforms together. We're not in a rush. We want to do it very well and serve our 2,000 partners around the U.S. and Canada very well. It is fair to think that around the end of fiscal '15, we'll be well on our way to completing that integration, which should create very nice margin expansion opportunities for the integrated business. Now that would be within the greater context of the U.S. business and North American business and total Global Payment. So I don't know that you'll necessarily see it on the face of the income statement but it's a part of running the business very efficiently and very well. It will be great for the integrated channel. 
David Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. I'll start and then let the other guys chime in as well. We have over 2,000 partners across our integrated channel, servicing numerous verticals, with meaningful presence in probably 50 or 60 verticals -- channels. When you think about the pieces of that solution, it's proprietary payment, technology, and highly secure solution as well. So if you look at the pieces of that, we've been very successful with the mid-teens kind of growth that Cameron is describing. And then when you roll sort of the rest of your question and thinking about pricing pressure, we have seen very little incremental pricing pressure. Obviously, merchant acquiring is highly competitive, to link your first 2 questions together. But for us, fortunately, from a growth perspective, we have not quoted this number in some time. When we first announced these transactions, we told you these channels were maybe 25% penetrated. In other words, the merchant solutions being integrated with our software and our technology and the vendors' software and technology, maybe 25% of those merchants actually were processing through an integrated solution. So we think we've got a long runway ahead for growth, particularly given that pricing trends are quite stable across the industry. 
David Mangum: Yes, there's no question. In fact, if you link it to Apple Pay and the marriage of tokenization, point-to-point encryption and EMV, we think we will drive faster adoption and get the merchant -- the end merchant as well as the ISV, the software vendor, more excited about driving these integrated solutions throughout the base. 
