Jeffrey S. Sloan: Thank you Jane and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. We are pleased with our strong performance in fiscal 2015, demonstrating another year of solid execution that resulted in substantial growth across our markets. For the year, we delivered reported revenue growth of 9% and grew cash earnings per share 18%. Additionally, we increased margins by 60 basis points, representing the first reported annual margin expansion since 2006. We expect continued positive momentum in fiscal 2016 as we execute our strategy to expand direct distribution, leverage our technology and prudently deploy capital.  In fiscal 2015, we enhanced our geographic footprint by entering Australia and New Zealand with the addition of Ezidebit, and Ireland with the acquisition of Realex Payments. Coupled with our acquisition of the FIS Gaming Business in the United States, our 2015 acquisitions really augmented our product and technology capabilities and added significant additional distribution.  We remain focused on expanding distribution in strategic markets globally. Together with our partner CaixaBank, we recently announced the Joint Venture with Erste Bank Group, one of the largest multi-national banks in Europe to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in the fast growing Czech Republic, Slovakia and Romania markets. As we have said recently now is a favorable time to invest in Europe and we intend to leverage our proven sales capabilities products and technologies to drive accelerated growth. We look forward to generating attractive returns with our partners in these new direct markets.  Fiscal 2015 was also an important year for successful launches of new product and services in the United States, including AmEx OptBlue, ApplePay and Global Shield and Edge Shield, our security solutions for EMV, tokenization and encryption. Our global footprint combined with our unified worldwide operating environment and scalable technology platform streamlines our ability to efficiently launch similar products into other markets. For example we were the first payment technology company to introduce AmEx OptBlue into Canada in June. We also launched Apple Pay in the United Kingdom earlier this month.  We remain committed to providing our merchants with value added, innovating solutions, as we introduce today the technologies of tomorrow. We committed nearly $1 billion of capital in fiscal 2015. In addition to the nearly $600 million allocated to the previously noted acquisitions, we've returned almost $400 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We remain committed to actively managing our capital base as we enter fiscal 2016.  Now for quarterly highlights; we are delighted that our North American business continued to deliver solid results for the quarter. Our U.S. direct channels generated 13% organic revenue growth and Canada continued its steady performance in local currency, resulting from stable business fundamentals and effective execution. Our international results exceeded our expectations, primarily driven by organic performance in Europe. We continue to see double-digit volume and transaction growth in Spain for the quarter.  Europe results also include the Realex acquisition that was completed at the end of March. As a reminder, Realex is a leading e-commerce and payment gateway technology provider in Europe. The Realex and Erste Bank transactions highlight our commitment to maintaining a pre-eminent position in Europe.  Asia delivered consistent organic revenue growth. We also are delighted with our Ezidebit business which performed in-line with our expectations and we look forward to closing our joint venture with the Bank of the Philippines Islands. We expect our recent investments in Asia Pacific to enhance our rate of organic growth across those markets overtime. Looking ahead to this fiscal year and beyond we have completed the pivot towards the scale direct distribution model that we have been describing publicly for the last two years.  Going forward we will now provide extra reporting metrics that better match the way we manage the business and provide for easier comparative analysis. We’re also modifying and raising our expectations for revenue growth, margin and cash earnings per share growth over the next three to five year cycle based on the progress we have made in transforming our business. We now believe our organic net revenue growth will be in the mid to high single-digits, operating margins will be significantly raised on a net revenue basis with sustained expansion of up to 50 basis points per annum and we expect to deliver low to mid double-digit cash earnings per share growth annually. Now I will turn the call over to Cameron. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, David, it's Jeff I would just add to that. As you think about where we’ve been investing especially in the United States with the OpenEdge, those are very high margin businesses, the direct business we've been investing in. So OpenEdge Gaming for example in the United States and then of course we said this at the time when we invested in Ezidebit in Australia and New Zealand, but Dave I think we said that would have about 40% margins at the time that we did the deal a year ago.  So I think that we have the happy answer of having significant investment and expansion of our businesses with very attractive margins. And that's how we look at it Dave rather than so much the ISO businesses in one place, I would say the other businesses that are growing very quickly has a far better profile than the average. 
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah Ashwin it’s Jeff. So we've announced I think it’s five acquisitions now, in the last twelve or thirteen months, but we still have a very full pipeline, particularly in Europe and Asia. So I would say that we don't see any diminution in the outlook for M&A. Of course as we said it takes the right partner in all these transactions but I wouldn't look at any of the announcements we've made or statements to indicate it’s anything other than kind of full steam ahead on the capital deployment.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Dan. It's Jeff. I think the answer is absolutely part of the guidance around '16 is that we need three regulatory approvals in three different jurisdictions. As it relates to Erste, our Czech Republic, Romania and Slovakia. So it's a little bit of just to get pre-approval takes a little more time Dan. So I think it’s less a comment about the economics of the transaction and more a comment of that will take us a little more than we typically we do, and obviously we'll be updating that as we get closer. But that's one answer.  The second thing I would say is absolutely if you look at what you refer to as MUZO, when we call Global Payments Europe. Today that is a business prior to the Erste JV that was 90% what I would call indirect add, meaning our customer was the bank but not the merchant and 10% direct, meaning 10% of the business has the merchant as the bank customer. Pro forma for the JV that's pretty much closer to 50-50.  So if you think Dan what we've tried to do here and the rest of our businesses globally, but especially here in the United States, we spent over a $1 billion of capital in the last several years migrating to more of a retail business and a direct merchant relationship business for all the reasons that you are familiar with. We think we are doing the same thing now with GPE. So if we can continue that trajectory and turn into more of a direct business, a very opportune time in Europe where the common European payments area, with cost coming down for our customer base, while the exchange rate in this area going in our favor, we think we have the ability to create a really meaningful cross border omni-channel business the way David described it a few minutes ago strategically. We think it's a very, very important step for us and our GPE cohorts.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Glenn it’s a great question. So I think I can get to the low 30s. So yesterday’s mid-20s Glenn is probably tomorrow’s low 30s.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, Steven it’s Jeff, that’s a good question. So no, I don’t think it’s going to change all that much. I would say that first of all across all of our businesses and our markets we operate in a very competitive environment. That’s been true for very long time and I expect that to continue to be true kind of point number one. Point number two, I think it’s nothing but good news for us and I think for our peers to have more public comparable data points for you and our analysts and also for our shareholders. We think we are pretty transparent with the way that we provide our disclosure. As you can see today we’ve supplemented that, so that we can provide you more disclosure around how we are operating.  We think that compares very favorably to existing public companies and new public companies. So as I would say our peers performing well on a comparable basis is really good for the industry and really good for us.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, so you are right in what you said Steven it does vary by geography. So I think operating [ph] regionally is the right way to go about it. So for example here in United States it’s largely day in, day out First Data, U.S. bank for [indiscernible] and then a number of the First Data joint ventures, certainly DAA merchants services Wells Fargo and the like is a good partner for us too but I would say it’s largely bank driven and of course First Data too with a number of our bank partnerships as well as Vantiv although I would say that everyone of those companies, I just mentioned has a slightly different strategy than we view, but it’s certainly across the board those are our peers in United States.  In Canada of course Moneris has the largest share in that market which is you know the two banks. In Europe it tends to be country specific but certainly United Kingdom it’s [indiscernible] and Barclays, constantly it varies by country, Caixa and our Comercia joint venture has a leading share in that market but certainly [indiscernible] there and BBVA would be examples of peers in that market.  And then Asia Steve, it’s really market by market. It’s kind of hard to say. We certainly see banks like Citibank in a number of those markets. In the Philippines where we've announced our BPI joint venture it’s [indiscernible] BVO who’s got the largest market share there. We have the second largest post the consummation of our JV. So as you can tell by all the different names Steven it really varies by market.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, our perspective aligns almost perfectly the way you just described Jason. At the end of the day you are seeing some fundamental changes. They start with the fact that this is a merchant choice, at the end of the day. So you need the help of your technology provider you are acquiring traditional terms to help you think that through, think through the business case for your industry and for your particular business, and also relieve you with a burden of dealing with all the security issues that happen in our industry, so you can focus on running your business. I love the way you phrased the question because this really is all about SMEs at the end of the day. The large merchants will make their own choice of their own point of sale devices.  So for us we’ve obviously been deploying -- for quite some time it’s about enabling EMV terminal space, we’re really comfortable with our progress, we’re rolling through the upgrade to technologies, we’re the certification you might imagine. But really what we’re trying to do is help our customers think about their own security needs overall. EMV is just the piece of the puzzle. So we’re selling through Global Shield which is the security solution we have for our direct business and the edge shield, which is the solution we have for the integrated business, a suite of security solutions that you can tailor to your business.  The point-to-point encryption EMV, token, token vault and obviously come with whatever is appropriate in terms of PCI compliance and then you really do perform that consultative role as out of the town [ph] dealing with small merchants it’s a one on one conversation helping them think through what to do and when. So setting aside any metrics as I said before we’re very comfortable with our progress to-date but at the end of the day we’re actually gaining a little share, nominally particularly in integrated because we were among the first to roll out integrated security solutions, we can take across that base.  And really that’s the sale we’re making for the long-term as well. It’s that relationship based sale where we’re driving a serious value proposition that allows them to focus on running their business, whether it’s a pharmacy or a vet or any other sort of vertical and let us focus on the complexity of payments, let us help you deal with Apple Pay, Samsung, Android all the rest of the pieces you might imagine in this evolving technology world and you’ve heard us use the phrase technology-led distribution, technology-enabled distribution that’s the business we run today, you are exactly right Jason.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah it’s a great question, David. So first we got a real live example from yesterday which is the announced Erste JV in continents like Europe. So most banks run the acquiring business together with the issuing business. So David as the interchange caps come on board in the most markets in Europe that’s going to be early December, given the EU adoption of those rules. It means David on one side of the ledger they will be losing potential revenue and fees as interchange comes down on the issuing side. Therefore as they look at their portfolio of businesses that they have won in cards they then look at the acquiring side and depending on the acquiring nature of their market if they can find the right partner there is an opportunity they would hope and we expect to be able to grow the acquiring business more quickly to offset any diminution on the interchange side of the issuing business.  So for those banks who choose to exit, they've made the decision that they don't think they can grow more quickly, or haven’t found the right partner. But for those banks David, like Caixa in Spain with whom we did the JV in 2010, or in particular Erste with whom we and Caixa now did yesterday, I think they have made the decision that if I can grow my acquiring business more quickly, benefit from the changes in the EU market place with rates coming down, having a common acceptance area, perhaps I could offset or even grow my overall card business to offset the interchange hit coming on the issuing side and that's how it works.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: That's certainly [ph], the level of investment as we heard in the last couple of questions, David in terms of new technology and compliance has only gone up. So if you partner the change in interchange on the issuing side with what David just said, which is that the bar continues to be raised makes it great difficult from most traditional financial institutions, especially in countries in Europe to really go it alone.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yeah, I believe it is, David. I mean for a long time and you've been in the industry for as long as we've been. I think for a long time we've been talking about this type of partnership possibility in Europe. But now I think we've seen it in the case of yesterday with Erste and now I think we've seen it come to fruition and I think what's driving that as much as anything is what we just talked out a minute ago which is the common European payments area coupled with technology and compliance team with the banks. So this is one of the number of discussions we are in with banks in Europe and of course we've also announced the partnership with the Bank of Philippines Islands, [indiscernible] by market cap in the Philippines to do the very same things. So I do believe that we're in the sweet spot. What I expect to see to be further JV's across Europe.
Cameron M. Bready: Hey Tien-tsin, it’s Cameron, good morning. I would say for Canada for fiscal ‘16 the outlook is roughly consistent with what we’ve seen over the last probably two years. Canada for us continues to be a stable market, which is really the combination of transaction growth and spread and we expect that trend to continue as we look forward to fiscal ’16. For ‘15 as you noted I think we performed a little better than our guidance, which is low single-digits growth in local currency, but as we roll into ‘16 I think we still view Canada as a low single-digit growth market in local currency and that’s going to be the combination of stable transaction volumes and spreads over the course of time.
Cameron M. Bready: Sure, just a couple things to note on the guidance. So as we said our cycle guidance is up to 50 basis points annually. For this year we're guiding up 30 basis points on a constant currency basis for margins. A couple of things to note about '16 in particular, one is, is it’s July. So I would bear that in mind as you contemplate the guidance we're providing. Secondly, we did a lot of transactions in fiscal '15. Now there is a fair amount of integration work that’s still ongoing with respect to those transactions including Ezidebit. We closed the FIS gaming business on June 1st, we have a couple of other transaction we expect to close during the year. So in the near term, obviously as we're integrating those businesses there is a little bit of headwind on margins but we are still able to grow through that and expand margins through that. So I think it positions us well for fiscal '17 and beyond. 
Cameron M. Bready: Dave, it's Cameron. I would say yes, it's in there. The important thing to recognize about Europe is just the impacts of FX headwinds in fiscal '16 that is having an impact on the local currency growth that we would otherwise expect to realize for the year. As we said for Europe, we expect low single digit revenue growth for fiscal '16. On a constant currency basis that's going to be high-single digit. So that's really going to be driven by what you're expecting in the UK in the back half of the year with the benefit of the lower interchange regulations coming into play.  As well as, as you remember we’ve annualized the benefits we've seen in Spain come at the end of the first quarter. So that obviously is a grow-over that we have for the back half of the year as well. So when you balance those things out on a local currency basis we would expect high single digit revenue growth in Europe, which is I think accelerated from what we have seen largely led by the strength in the UK on the heels of the benefits of the EU regulation coming into effect. 
Cameron M. Bready: Yeah some of it is the convention that we're utilizing for addressing the business. So we're backing out residuals but assessments are not being backed out. So that's part of the reason that the margin profile maybe a little bit different than you would expect perhaps on paper. So I think that's part of the driver. I think on a wholesale basis the margins aren’t terrible dissimilar to what we see from our retail basis business around the globe. But it is probably a little bit wider when the assessments are in revenue as we brought them. 
Cameron M. Bready: Sure. I'll be happy to, let me start with just providing a couple of specific indications in details in case you didn’t capture them in my prepared comments. First of all you were guiding to net revenue growth of 6% to 8% which is really 9% to 11% on a constant currency basis. So to me that's the right sort of starting point for the conversation is 9% to 11% number on an adjusted net revenue basis. So I think as you think about the way we've been talking about our direct distribution business this year that 9% to 11% is fairly consistent with the growth that we've seen in the direct distribution business throughout the course of fiscal '15.  So when we look at the organic normalized growth rates, 15% to 16% they are going to be roughly the same, they are 7% to 8% on a constant currency basis depending on the quarter which aligns, I think very well with the organic growth we've been generating in the business on a normalized basis this year. So I think the growth trends are very much intact year-over-year. You're obviously there is a lot of moving pieces as you correctly described but when you normalize for all the transactions and you address currency you're going to see a normalized organic growth rate in the 7% to 8% quarter-to-quarter and we feel like that is obviously a trajectory that we can continue to achieve as we push forward in time.  I am happy to address any other specific questions but that would be my general comment about how we look at fiscal '16.
Cameron M. Bready: Glenn it’s Cameron. We haven’t specifically sort of identified in our guidance how much of drag Mercury migration will be in fiscal ’16. We expect them to begin migrating in the first part of calendar ’16. So the back half of our fiscal year. I think the way I would characterize it is the range that we have provided, I think accommodates a variety of outcomes for Mercury, from they migrate fairly quickly at the beginning of calendar ‘16 to they migrate more slowly and tend to be off more towards the middle of calendar ‘16.  So I think that’s part of the reason we have a little wider range on the GAAP revenue is to accommodate a variety of outcomes on Mercury.
Cameron M. Bready: Sure Bryan, it’s Cameron. We haven't provided sort of the disaggregated margins by Asia Pacific and Europe, but I will try to give you a little bit color on those. If you look at the international margins on a net revenue basis kind of year-over-year we did guide to roughly flat to slightly down. That's largely due to potential impacts of FX in fiscal '16, that's included in our outlook. The other thing I would note is those margins are in the low to mid-40s. So in fairness when you're at margin levels at that range, again maintaining those margins, I think is a fantastic outcome.  Obviously we'll see a little bit of FX pressure on that, but again we do expect them to be roughly consistent, may be down modestly year-over-year but not dramatically. As it relates to Asia and Europe in particular, I think Europe’s where we're going to see the most pressure largely from FX as I mentioned before. I think Asia margins we expect to expand largely due to the continued contribution of the Ezidebit now in the Asia Pacific region which has a higher margin profile as described earlier relative to our sort of business as usual Asia Pacific business, that's operating in 11 Asian markets.  So from an Asia point of view I think the combination of both Ezidebit and the introduction of the BPI joint venture will do a couple of things, one is accelerate growth and then importantly continue to improve the margin profile in the Asia Pacific region.
Cameron M. Bready: I think that's probably a fair characterization. If you look at the North American business now and you look at the U.S. business in particular, our largest business and a net revenue basis in the U.S. is now Open Edge. It’s approaching $300 million of annual revenue, growing in the mid-teens. So the US business on a net revenue basis is going to be roughly $1 billion. 75% of that is direct and the largest portion of that is Open Edge. And that is where we're seeing a lot of margin expansion in the business coming from mix, in addition to all the other things that Jeff and David described earlier around how we're operating the business on a global scale, how we're innovating new products and services that are higher margin relative to the traditional economics of the business.  All that's factoring into the margin expansion we expect to realize but a lot of that is going to come from North America and principally the U.S.
Cameron M. Bready: Sure. It’s Cameron and I will start and ask David or Jeff to add in any additional color. You're right on where you started. We are sort of 6% to 8% on a FX adjusted basis for net revenue growth year-over-year. We are expecting margins on an FX adjusted basis to be roughly flat. And obviously then on an op income basis we are expecting kind of mid to high single digit growth on op income. So we are driving up income growth that is incremental to our net revenue growth, due to the mix of the businesses where FX is having an impact and where it is not. That's obviously dropping to the bottom line in addition to share repurchases we've executed in ‘15 that we will fully annualize in ‘16 are helping to drive the incremental cash earnings per share above and beyond the top line revenue growth and operating income growth that we’re forecasting.
Cameron M. Bready: Jim, it's Cameron I'll start off. I don't really think there is anything too terribly unusual in any particular quarter as we roll through the year. I think we would expect relatively stable margins ‘15 to ‘16 quarter-over-quarter, you are going to see little bit of pressure in the front half of the year largely due to FX. That will balance out in the back half of the year, should be roughly flat. And again as we mentioned before we're guiding to sort of reported net revenue base operating margins are roughly flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Again we expect them to up 30 basis points sitting here today.  So that's really the only color I could give as bear in mind the impacts of FX in the front half of the year, would be more acute obviously in the back half of the year we expect them to dissipate to some degree, although we still expect a little bit of FX headwind in the back half of the year.
Cameron M. Bready: Yeah, it's still a good question, it's still about you know 25% of our U.S. business on a net adjusted revenue basis. So it's is still an important part of our business nonetheless. As we look at fiscal '16 you have a couple of things going on as we talked about before. The growth in that business had been slowing for a couple of years, that trend has not changed. Even on the adjusted net revenue presentation that we're now providing. The other thing that obviously is expected to happen this year as we commented on in our prepared remarks is the migration of [indiscernible] and again we don't have an exact timeframe as to when that will happen and I think our guidance ranges around both adjusted net in gross are meant accommodates a variety of outcomes for Mercury migration in the back half of our fiscal year, recognizing of course on a net revenue basis that migration has very little impact on our net revenue obviously has a larger impact on our gross revenue.
David E. Mangum: I'll happy to, Dan. When you think about the cycle it becomes a fairly easy conversation around the operating company piece as the guys described in the prepared comments. As we operate as one company, we've the opportunity to drive products and drive additional leverage all across the company as we make progress. So for example the one we talked about before is American Express OptBlue, which has rolled out brilliantly in the United States. It's beginning its roll out in Canada after a very good start. It will find its way to Europe over time as well as you know and eventually to Asia.  We've a similar inventory of products like that, that we expect to help us drive growth and drive incremental profitability over the next several years. At the same time we have the opportunity to operate the company more efficiently with the same paradigm, whether that's operations credit risk and again even product and product development. So those pieces come together nicely and then we're working closely with all the businesses around the world to roll out what I would call global capabilities or things like integrated payments and omni-channel ecommerce. You saw us purchase Realex to add to our stable of products to be able to drive any kind of transaction anywhere in time. That kind of omni-channel processing is where we are going to drive enormous amount of highly profitability growth we believe over the next several years.  And then finally maybe the most apparent one to you, as you look at, particularly our U.S. results today is the success in integrated payments. There we’re driving continued organic mid-teens volume out of the open edge business in United States and the Ezidebit bussiness in Australia and New Zealand with the ability to expand those globally. Right now we are working hard on taking that sort of dedicated ecosystem of partners, lead generation and sales closure into Canada as we speak and really it's exciting for us right now. One of our largest partners in the United State is expanding with us in the United Kingdom as we speak.  So you can see the beginnings of a global approach to integrated payments. That's really something unique that only Global Payments can do right now.
David E. Mangum: I think Dan, it’s David I would say one other thing. I think we have a pretty good track record of taking ventures like this, integrating them, migrating platforms as appropriate so we can lever the product and drive the kind of direct distribution we believe we were good at operating around the world and then driving increasing returns and actually the same pattern for that deal as has been for our previous deals.
David E. Mangum: Glenn, it’s David. And I think you put your finger on the correct metrics. At the end of the day we believe we’re going to drive organic mid-teens to high-teens volume and revenue growth in Open Edge as we’ve done since we first purchased Open Edge three years ago and we added PayPros to it but first -- excuse me APT three years ago and add PayPros to it a little over a year ago. So that business is right on track with U.S. performance. It is actually fully integrated, we got some platform work to do but at a sales force level, the piece of it that drives the initial sale and net organic growth, fully integrated and operating as one unit as we roll into 2016 which allows us now to think about the global expansion of Open Edge that I described a little bit earlier in answer to Dan’s question, as we complete our migration into Canada and actually think about other markets in Europe going forward.
David E. Mangum: Yeah, and the other pieces Jason, this is David again are really the cross sales and the additional product roll outs I was describing earlier. The ability to roll out OptBlue into Canada, to lock in the kind of local currency growth we have, locking the profit improvement, setting aside FX entirely for a moment, that sets up then how we deal with the FX adjusted growth. Same with the Realex and the omni-channel sales will do across the UK and then across the rest of the Europe, eventually as well and I’ll set this up for highly leverageable, highly leveraged growth over the middle term to long-term and even we’ll see some of those benefits from Open Edge on some of the other businesses including Ezidebit in the short-term in ‘16 to setup then the parameters that Cameron just walked you through.
David E. Mangum: And maybe at the other end of panel, David, it’s David, to do with the partner in terms of thinking through the ramifications of the technology, the platforms that deal with that complex regulatory environment. You are asking a lot of legacy platforms inside of banks. So the idea of dealing with the partner we can actually leverage that same technology platform capability across the globe is really an attractive situation on the other side.
David E. Mangum: Tim it's David. Thanks for asking about Brazil. We feel actually pretty good about it. We are actually up to about 10,000 merchants. It's growing really quite rapidly. We are adding distribution partners at a steady pace and as you know that's really the key for driving organic growth in that market. We are obviously still quite small at 10,000 merchants when we were zero not really longer. We are very happy with that progress.  We also have a new technology platform that we rolled out few months ago and really we're very happy with the product suite and particularly I'm happy with our e-commerce capabilities in that market, because I think that's really the place where we can drive growth as opposed to fighting it out merchant by merchant for brick and mortar business and we feel like we are very well positioned with the e-commerce platform to add additional products on top of that. So really we feel in very good and we are exploring other markets around Latin America really fits into the same answer Jeff gave earlier about M&A and opportunities.  Latin America is a key geography for us with our partner Caixa as well, as you might imagine. So much more come on Latin America over time, but we very happy with progress to-date in Brazil.
David E. Mangum: Yeah, there is, actually it’s a great question, a thoughtful question. The core of the integrated payments industry tends to be face-to-face transactions where you've integrated the payment technology with the software, someone obviously is helping that small business person run his or her business. What’s buried below that and we don't talk about it a lot but it really will be a key source of growth for us over the next couple of years and integrated in United States and globally is the any, any, any nature of payments, the payments they are having increasingly at restaurants and retailers, small ones around the country.  So the enablement of present capability, the enablement of any sort of omni-channel payment will really go fuel incremental transaction growth we don't see today as well as the key part of the value preposition to the merchants we're thinking about really working with consumers in the new paradigm today, they are no longer walking in doing a research on a mobile device maybe not transact on that device because certainly at mobile device is not a great experience today, but it’s improving that, allowing them to come in and do the brick and mortar transaction or do it in house but they are also improving the mobile as a core part of the product.  So when you think of the assets, we're putting together around the world the marriage of integrated plans, the software that helps the small business person manages our business and the ability to accept and process and manage the fraud compliance and security payment in any channel really is a powerful set of capabilities we're putting together and that's the undercurrent when I talk about the leverage of product and technologies around the world at the time that helps us to support the sizeable guidance that Jeff and Cameron are talking, about all that coming together is really the underpinnings of what we are talking about with this confidence in our cycle guidance.
