Cameron Bready: Hey, good morning, Vasu. Thanks for the comments. It's Cameron. I'll kick it off and maybe ask Paul to provide a little bit of color as well. I would say it's a few things. And I would start with the efficacy of our strategy.  Obviously, the technology-enabled businesses that we've been investing in for the last 7, 8 plus years now, really continue to lead the way for growth across the business, including our integrated business which grew 53% in the quarter, and up 35% versus 2019 levels. In addition, our e-comm and Omni business grew well over 20% this quarter, again, topping performance from last year where it also grew in the high teens level.  So again, relative to 2019, continuing to see very strong growth across the e-com and omnichannel s of the business. For me, it's really the strategy that we've been deploying that's driving growth.  And I think we continue to see a lot of tailwinds in those businesses looking forward through the balance of 2021, and heading into 2022, and then beyond. Paul I don't know if you want to have any more specific comments on that.
Cameron Bready: No, I think that covers it pretty well, actually. I would only add just a couple of points. One is, across the technology-enabled businesses, as I mentioned previously, going to the first part of your question, we're continuing to see very strong momentum in those businesses.  As Paul highlighted, July, sequentially, is better than June, as a trend matter, so I think we feel good about how things are continuing to progress, and those businesses are poised to continue to see strength in the back half of the year.  If you just look at the overall guide for the Merchant segment, that roughly 20% growth in 2021 versus 2020, that back couple of quarters going to have to be around that same level to make the averages work for the whole year.  So that gives you a sense as to how the business is performing, again, against tougher comps in Q3 and Q4 than we certainly faced in the second quarter. So I think that should give you a little bit of a sense as to the momentum that we have in those businesses. To Paul's point around the vertical market businesses in particular, obviously, schools.  Once we get back into obviously a normal school environment, or hopefully quasi-normal school environment. Here in August and September, that businesses, in particular, is poised to see a rebound in the back half of the year, as well as Active.  Active has seen very strong booking trends. Many of those events are occurring in the back half of 2021. I think we feel very good about how that business is poised to recover. And again, AdvancedMD and TouchNet have continued to grow right through the pandemic.  Obviously, a double-digit pace throughout 2020 and 2021. Those businesses are obviously in a very healthy position overall, but getting a nice tailwind from ACTIVE and schools, in particular in the back half of the year, will help the vertical market business continue to recover as an overall matter.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. I would just add if you look at our merchant -- our pure merchant businesses globally, as Paul highlighted in his script, they grew 46% in the second quarter. And I think that's versus worldwide credit growth, and Visa of roughly 35%.  So we're seeing, again, really nice tailwinds. I think it really is a result of our differentiated technology-enabled strategy, outsized growth relative to where we see the market overall. So those trends are very positive and obviously it's something that gives us a lot of confidence in the updated guide that we provided this morning.
Cameron Bready: And David, it's Cameron, just another point to add on top of that, if you look at growth in accounts, and our point-of-sale business in North America in the second quarter, it was up a 100%.  So not withstanding a competitive market across the point-of-sale distribution landscape, we continue to see great traction with our point-of-sale solutions, particularly in restaurant, retail, and obviously across the vital platform. So again, I think we feel very good about how our point-of-sale system is stacked up to compete in the market today, and the growth we're seeing.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, David, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll kick off and ask Paul to fill in some of the more explicit details. But if I step back and think about where we are today. If you look at our pure acquiring businesses globally, they were up roughly 19% in the second quarter versus 2019 levels.  In the U.S., that number was 25%. So again, I think we feel from a pure acquiring standpoint, we're on a pretty good trajectory. Now, what still needs to come back, to get to '22, a more normalized rate of growth relative to 2019, or, to say it differently, where we would have been, absent the pandemic.  Well, Europe is growing relative to 2019, but it's certainly growing at a pace lower than that which we've seen in the U.S. market. So Europe grew somewhere in the high single-digits, versus 2019 for the second quarter. So we still need a little more tailwinds from Europe fully recovering.  As you know, the U.K. didn't open up until mid-July, so as we get to the back half of the year, we're expecting to see a little more tailwind in Europe, as it relates to growth, and particularly relative to 2019 trends. And then, of course, Asia, which is a small part of the business.  But it's still lagging relative to 2019 level, largely because many markets continue to struggle with the pandemic, remain closed, and of course, cross-border activity in Asia is very depressed and continues to be depressed because of the pandemic.  As we think about 2022, the U.S. is on a pretty good trajectory to get back to something reasonably close to what we would have been absent of pandemic, given the outsized growth and the momentum we have in that business.  We need Europe to continue to improve as the lockdowns and then markets begin to reopen, and you see more cross-border travel pick up. And then I'd say the same thing's true for Asia, just given where it's relative to the pandemic.  I think the vertical markets are well-poised to get back to reasonable levels compared to 2019. As we continue to see, again a recovery in schools and a recovery in Active in the back half of the year as those markets in particular reopen. Paul, I don't know if you'd add anything more to that, but I think that gives a pretty good overview in the market and business.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Dave, it's Cameron, and I'll comment on that. As you think about the comments we made earlier as it relates to July, we did see sequential improvement in July, relative to June, so I think we still feel very good about the momentum of the recovery overall. To be very clear, I don't think we've seen any real impact yet from the Delta variant.  Obviously, we're monitoring it very closely and it's a fluid environment, but I would say sitting here today, based on data that we have through the end of last week, the volume trends, again for July, were an improvement over what we saw in June sequentially.  Most of the markets around the globe in which we operate, and particularly now in markets where we're seeing a reopening that's more recent. The U.K., Canada, for example. Obviously, I think they are poised to see stronger volume recoveries as we enter the back half of the year.  Look, I don't think there's a lot of appetite for more widespread lockdowns, particularly here in the U.S. as it relates to the Delta variant. Markets outside of the U.S. may react differently, but again, for our business, those are going to be relatively small impacts, we're most focused on the U.S. as the 75% of our business, and I'd say, thus far, we haven't really seen any discernible impact, but it is something that we continue to monitor very closely through the balance of the year.
Cameron Bready: And Tien-Tsin, it's Cameron, good morning. As it relates to Bankia, I think the short answer to your question is yeah. It's the exact same playbook that we've executed with Taisha (ph) and our Filmortia (ph) joint venture over the last decade-plus now. Obviously, we continue to be very excited about the Spanish market. It is one of the most attractive markets in Europe. Frankly, it's one of the most attractive markets globally.  Just to give you a little bit of color, that market grew the domestic volume in Spain -- as a volume matter grew 30% in the second quarter and 15% over 2019. Again, despite continued restrictions throughout the country as a result of the pandemic.  The underlying secular trends in Spain remain incredibly attractive, which makes the timing for the Bankia acquisition particularly attractive for us as well. Bankia consists of about 100,000 predominantly small and medium-size merchants, although they do venture more into the large category as well.  But I think the interesting thing about the Bankia portfolio is it is more skewed towards domestic volume. So again, I think it's a really attractive addition to our [Indiscernible] and joint venture that's going to allow us again to further expand distribution in this very attractive market and gives great cross-sell opportunities for the differentiated technology solutions we have in the [Indiscernible] joint venture today.  We're delighted to be able to announce that this morning and a nice addition to our European business.
Cameron Bready: The one thing I would add to that the AWS partnership on the Netspend side, makes it easier for us to obviously bring our technology capabilities to markets like Spain, where we've been delighted to Jeff's point with the performance of MoneyToPay thus far.  And obviously we look forward to adding the Bankia prepaid business into that business for us as well. As we move forward in time, with AWS it makes it easier to bring technology product capability to markets outside of the U.S. as we continue the internationalization strategy for the Netspend business.
Paul Todd: Yeah, I would just say, as we said in the press release, we're pleased so far with what we've seen in July as well as it relates to continuing improvement relative to 2019 across the merchant segment. The only other thing would be, we worked see the growth in vertical markets when you're talking about just the segment, the 30% improvement year-over-year in the vertical markets business. So yes, I think that covers it.
Paul Todd: Yeah. As Cameron said, we did have good metrics as it relates to account growth on our issuing business. We also saw very strong transactional growth in the issuing business as well, commensurate with the [Indiscernible] -- some of the numbers that you saw on a credit there. So yeah, we're seeing very strong credit dynamics in that issuing business, which I think underscores your question and also Cameron's commentary on it.
Paul Todd: Yeah. Maybe I'll take the first one, and then turn it over to Jeff for the second one. If you think about the -- Cameron for the second one. If you think about the guidance raise, obviously, we commented on to close of Zego.  We said that's roughly $50 million as it relates to the back half of the year, so that's the first section of the guidance raise. And then, the second section would be both the overperformance in Q2, as well as continued better performance in the back half which underpinned the guidance raise as it relates to the segments on the issuing side, as well as merchant. So those would be the two components.  There's a little bit of FX headwind relative to the back half versus the first half on a realized basis. We also don't have the same kind of stimulus impact in the first half versus the second half. But those would be the two components. the Zego of roughly 50 million and then the remaining piece of that is the performance.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Thanks, Paul. About the second part of your second question, we actually have been very active on the M&A front in the last six months, I think with today's announcements with Bankia, we committed about 1.3 billion, U.S. to M&A in the last 6 months while committing to about 1.5 billion on the buybacks.  As we said in the press release, I think we've been very balanced between the two. As we also said, in the last quarter, Zego is a technology and software-driven business, very consistent with our strategy, particularly given the size of the real estate target addressable market.  Yet notwithstanding that, going back to the premise of your question, no, that deal was not [Indiscernible] and I think we announced it was immediately [Indiscernible] though there was really no discernible impact on earnings.  But nonetheless, it was not [Indiscernible]. We look at many things, so it's hard to say what we would or wouldn't do in the abstract, but I would say is, since we've been running the Company in the last eight years, we've not done a dilutive deal. I don't expect us to.  That's not the mindset we have as shareholders, and owners, and managers of the business, so I really don't expect our strategy to change.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, Ashwin, it's Jeff. I'll go ahead and answer that. Let me first start with Netspend [Indiscernible] our new announcement today. It follows a very similar format the issuer announcement almost exactly a year ago today, but the one thing I will point out is that -- and that's been that there's primarily a focus on our part and Amazon's part on B2B distribution.  And I'd say in particular on program management with the scale that we have directed at Neobanks, FinTech and Start-ups. While it is a similar template, it's a very targeted initiative, very much focused on B2B.  And obviously, that's something, on September 8th at our Virtual Investor Day, that we'll be talking a lot about. In terms of your question on how we're doing on the issuer side. Look, we're really pleased.  We disclosed again yesterday, as we have for, really, the last year-plus, what our LOI pipeline looks like outside of Amazon, then with Amazon. I think what we said today is, we have sent 20 about letters of intent with our colleagues over at AWS, and that's for the whole spectrum about potential issuers.  Again, including neobanks, fintechs, and start-ups, as well as traditional financial institutions. And to give an update there, 1 we've singled out in Asia is in testing already and is live on a beta basis, and we expect to be fully live by the end of this calendar year.  And that, to give you a sense of progress, Ashwin, that 20 is up from 4 at the end of calendar 2020. So we've quintupled the number of LOIs that we have with neobanks, fintechs, start-ups, and financial institutions AWS really at a 6 through the second quarter, so kind of on a 6-month basis.  We couldn't be more pleased and decisive doing more business with AWS. now in the form of Netspend. Should be a recognition, not just internally, but externally, of how happy we are with how things are progressing.
Jeff Sloan: Yes, David, great question. Let me just start by saying PayPal is a good partner of ours. As we've said before, on both the TSYS side and the Global side, really around the world. So we've got a lot of respect for PayPal.  We think they are a terrific Company. As it relates specifically the i Zettle and their physical point of sale. i Zettle 's been in Europe for quite some time, David. In fact when PayPal was the deal, I think it was mostly all European now they've announced as you're implying some migration in the U.S..  Our business is in Europe, let's just use the U.K. and London as one specific example. iZettle's been here for some time. Our business has outperformed for many years throughout that period, both pre-Paypal acquiring, i Zettle and POS.  As it relates to the U.S. market, look that market's today, it was competitive today, it was competitive yesterday. It's going to be even more competitive tomorrow and it is ratherly pointed out our growth in our U.S. business, just around the same growth as our worldwide acquiring business around 46%.  And it compares to Visa's and MasterCard's worldwide growth of 35% for Visa and 33% for MasterCard. Whether iZettle was in Europe or iZettle was in North America over the last number of years, certainly hasn't put anything like a dent in terms of our growth.  And I think we will be talking about it next month at our Virtual Investor Conference, is the resilience of our business, our market share gains, some of that as you rightly pointed out is in our prepared remarks.  But notwithstanding the coming and going of many new smart competitors, our business has been resilient, pre-pandemic, and post, and will take you through the math and why we think that's going to [Indiscernible]. Listen, great Company, but at the end of the day, I don't think that [Indiscernible] our vision of our strategy one iota.
Jeff Sloan: I think I'll also just add on to issuer -- and Paul can comment here too, Dave. But we produced a fantastic quarte r -- this quarter in issuer, but I would say in particular the non-U.S. businesses echo a lot of what Cameron said.  We only recently, which is to say really the second quarter heading into July and continuing in July. We've only recently seen a re-opening for issuer purposes of a lot of markets outside the U.S., that will be a favorable comparison Dave, to answer your questions for the first half of next year. And I'll add to that commercial part. While commercial part, not surprisingly, is up versus '20, it's really not up versus '19. I think it's a pretty good picture, Dave. Adding it to '22 on the issuer side as well, because if you have those two elements of border re-opening outside the U.S. and commercial card relative to '19 starting normalized, that should be favorable elements for the Issuer business.  And lastly, I will say, in Issuer, we described against [Indiscernible] Ashwin, but those yellow eyes start to kick in, we start getting into the back half of 2022. We obviously also had announced [Indiscernible] probably about a year and a half ago.  Now, I think we set the time at the back half of the 2022 exam which we continue to believe. I think you're going to get similar comments that Cameron made on Merchant. You are going to get a nice tailwind heading into 2022 on Issuer as well.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Hey, Dave, it's Jeff, so I think you're missing one of our assets in there. [Indiscernible] also announced the acquisition of PayOne's [Indiscernible] business in Worldline in the second quarter. And then obviously today we announced Bankia as well.  So I think what we said was that the purchase price for Zego, just to get the math right, was about 930 million. There's also about a 100 million to tax asset. So that nets you down about 825 million, Dave.  So relative to the 100 million we do a year is about 8 times revenue. Now, having said that, at the end of the day, we do think it's a great business. I mean, Paul alluded to this in his commentary.  So if you think about a surrogate rule of 40, growth goes really beyond that. If you think about what we guided to you, when we did the deal at the time, kind of a double-digit organic revenue growth rate with margins into the 20s. That's how you get to the rule of 40 number. So we think very attractive [Indiscernible] basis. We view a date closer to eight times rather than the notional 10 you mentioned.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, James, it's Jeff. No, we're not -- the answer to your question. No, we're not looking further afield. We've got plenty of BlueSky in front of us and our existing M&A, strategy. We expand that these records set a billion three including today's Bankia announcements on M&A in the last 6 months.  We certainly do look at -- and the economics, obviously, worked out just fine in response to Dave 's question too, just a second ago. I think we've got a plenty deep pipeline and certainly more for us to do.  We do balance, though, our view of M&A with where the capital markets are, and what our view of intrinsic value, and our share price, and everything else. So we have bought back about 1.5 billion stock, obviously not mutually exclusive.  We get both. At the same time the 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion. And we just re-up the authorization back to 1.5 billion. That's not in our guidance. Obviously, we balance our view as to where we would like to be in terms of growth and everything else.  But I think it's important that we consider that we think we're in a pretty healthy position heading into 2022 and the rest of '21 without more deals, so we think we're where we want to be. As a strategy matter, I think we feel really much the same because there's plenty of stuff that we look at.  But I can't think of the deal that we didn't do, changed because we said, "Gee, it's too expensive," or, "it's not accretive enough," or those other things. If we can't add more value with the strategic buyer, the thing that we're doing in terms of [Indiscernible] earnings, then we're just not going to do it.  I don't think it's a function of valuation it's much the function of our view of where we are in strategy and our view where the market is.
Jeff Sloan: And as to what Cameron said, James, it's Jeff, is that if you, at the end of the day said that the non-U.S. markets, which as Cameron alluded to, about 25% of the Company. And then also the response to David Koning's question.  If those reached the level of recovery that the U.S. market saw, that's probably a couple of hundred basis points of incremental revenue growth over time that you could see. And those, as Cameron described, were not there, really, in the second quarter. I mentioned the same thing, really, on the issuer side. We'll see how that plays out over time.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah, it's Jeff. So the answer is, yes. I think the key thesis behind the partnership [Indiscernible], just almost a year ago to the day now, was first, really just to modernize the architecture and technology. And as we've said in response to Ashwin's question, that's actually gone very well.  And the second piece was the distribution. Of those 20 LOI's that we have pending with AWS, a number of those are with Neobanks, FinTech, Start-ups, and you're right, I don't think we would have been -- we would not be in a position we are today I think, without that. And I'd also say more broadly if you back up.  Just our general shift from Cloud-enabled technologies initially into Cloud-native technologies, it's just selling very well. One of the institutions of all sizes, including Neobanks, FinTech and Startups, and the like. Secondly, I'd say, and you saw our announcement on the expansion of our AWS relationship today into Netspend.  But whether it's at the issuing business or at the Netspend business, we're very focused on program management. To answer your 2nd question, I think we need to be more vocal on program management. I think historically, most of the revenue, the growth of debt in the issuing business is really with financial institutions and generally, inside of the U.S. and North America and which Europe with larger financial institution.  Key focal point of ours pre and now of course post AWS, both with Netspend as well as Issuer is on program management. That's a key part of our relationship with Evercore ISI going forward on the new partnership we announced today. I'd look for us to do more there and we'll share more details with you next month on 09/08.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. It's Jeff. I'll go ahead and start and Cameron can now join, too. We work at [Indiscernible] our strategy is in Netspend versus ongoing digitalization. And I think Netspend had pre-pandemic and pretty good digital footprint and not surprisen many one this phone, the pandemic has really accelerated that.  And I would say in a high 20s, 30% of interactions today with consumers with Netspend are done online, meaning [Indiscernible] spending with the card online. And we certainly expect AWS, of course, to continue to accelerate, that given their footprint. The second is why, as described in response to your first question, which is really a B2B and program management, but I'd be remiss if I didn't mention it all.  This includes earn way gash to access pay cards in our tech solutions. Those are all obviously also in play on B2B. And a third leg of the stool is really what you get [Indiscernible] which is internationalization. So a piece of that is MoneyToPay. The second piece we announced today with Bankia because it also includes a prepaid business, a debit business as well. And the short answer to your question is, it's gone really well.  Our thesis on internationalization is given that who Global Payments is, the three countries we operate in, particularly on the acquiring side, as well as the relationships we have in those markets, a great example is continental Europe with Spain, it allows us uniquely to expand what was really a U.S. only business which it is today for Netspend and for some of the competitors and really bringing it overseas.  And now we're approaching 9 or 10 months to post the initial closing of the MoneyToPay JV with Caixa, I can tell you that we're running ahead of what we expected. I think our thesis that we can bring our management, our products, our technologies to those markets has rung true.  The thesis of those markets are under-penetrated relative to U.S. is also true. We have seen some benefit there on government spending too, as we all emerge from the pandemic, not just here in the U.S., but overseas. It's really working out better than we hoped and really pleased to be where we are especially with the partners that we have.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, [Indiscernible] (ph). On behalf of Global Payments. Thank you for joining us on the call this morning.
