Jim Kelly: Good morning, thank you. I would agree. I think we're than a couple innings behind in terms of the impact to the business. The European market is still very bank-centric. It's still very terminal-centric. So the successes -- when we started in the U.K. about 18 months to two years ago, it was really a startup specifically in the ISV space. And that's why we're seeing such great growth, because our entire group there is -- will be focused on growing that segment of the market, as opposed to supporting institutions, but it's not just limited to that market. The Spanish market as well, we've seen very significant growth. As we mentioned on the last call, our acquisition of ClearONE accelerated our interconnectivity to ISVs across the Spanish market, which we've now been able to export into the U.K. market. We see the same opportunity in Poland. It's just early innings, to use your analogy, relative to the United States, but I think it'll gain traction quickly.
Jim Kelly: Well, so Federated was last year. Federated was a business that we already owned part of. It was part of kind of original EVO, going back into early mid-2000s. So we acquired that in October, the beginning of October, so it would lap in October, but I think, with us, we've made over 20 acquisitions in the last five years. So I think, each year, you're going to have some cadence. Some will be -- to use your baseball analogy, some will be singles and doubles, and then you'll see the odd triple or maybe even larger than that. And that will come periodic. It's -- I mean it's a big part of what we do across all our regions as we look for opportunities to expand our distribution in the existing markets and into new markets, but at the same time, in all of Kevin's comments and mine, we call out FX and we call out acquisitions so you get a sense of what the organic growth rates of each of the markets look like.
Jim Kelly: I'll start, then I'll let Kevin continue. So as we called out in the script and, I think, you saw with other companies that have an international footprint, in particular we're in Ireland, Poland, Mexico, Spain. Mexico is almost off sort of an entire week's during the holiday last year. It ended on the 30th, 31st; and this year, it was mid-April. So there are expectations or we will see an uplift relative to what we would have seen in the prior year because of that relative to what we've experienced in this quarter. I think, in terms of the customer rolling off in Poland, it was a business that was acquired by -- it was acquired by another company, and that company is a competitor of ours in Poland. So periodically, we're going to see those headwinds when we're dealing with large merchants, but the business otherwise in Poland continues to be strong. To more of the specifics for the quarter, I don't know, Kevin, if you want to add something.
Jim Kelly: Specific to Raiffeisen; we acquired Raiffeisen in two markets. The expectation when we bought it several years ago was we were going to be pan-European, and then there was a management change within Raiffeisen and a change in strategy. But we didn't give up the 7,500 merchants that we currently have with the bank. They have a non-solicit, so they can't solicit these merchants. It was unfortunate the bank ultimately got acquired, but we knew that there was a risk of that when we originally acquired it. And the new relationship that we happened to sign at the end of -- or I guess it was last week we announced it. That would more than make up for new production. So I'm not expecting that that's going to be a driver to performance -- or underperformance in Poland.
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think we kind of landed on this after the Sterling acquisition. Well, Sterling didn't come with an integrated -- I mean the one platform they had internally was an integrated solution, but it was specific to them. But they did leverage a domestic third-party platform. And I think that was kind of a motivating factor to be more aggressive in this space to be able to -- instead of acquiring software companies, which we could easily do, the idea was to try to address the entire market. And speed to market is -- if somebody is already in that market, has developed an interface for whatever business reason they did when they started it, that they build the interface to a number of ISVs, then it's easier for us to acquire them than to go through the effort of getting ISVs integrate to us directly. So that's the thesis. And we've now been successful in finding that ClearONE; and then SFS, which was in Mexico. I think the other things that we've learned over the last three or four years with the Snap platform is, trying to get that integrated to every market that we're in as we continue to grow quickly market by market, just it takes longer time just to get everybody's attention as in ISV space to stop what they're doing and integrate to us. So if we can find somebody who's already done the spade work, then we're further down the path. And I think they exist in all markets. We're seeing them. Their -- how far and how effective they've been developed. That'll change market by market or acquisitions by acquisition. The one we just did in Mexico is a sizable company, but -- for the market in terms of what they do, but it's still very early stages, early innings, using the prior comment, in the Mexican market. But Mexico is a very fast-growing market on a number of different fronts: the shift from paper to plastic; e-commerce, very strong market. And I think this will help us because this got us integrated to Micros, Simphony. And they have a number of integrations that would have taken us quite some time to get everybody's attention to integrate to Snap. And this is why we just simply have to take SFS and integrate that directly to Snap that we have -- which is already in Mexico and we have connectively. So I think you'll see us continue to do this. These are small, so it's not like we're buying companies that are material in terms of the impact to revenue initially, but what it does is it gives us connectivity, as I said, to these ISVs, which will drive organic growth which is really where we're ultimately focused on.
Jim Kelly: Sure. So we actually met with the regulators recently. It's on track, but this is not something -- I'm not sure if it's happened yet in Portugal prior, and so this is a new process for the regulators. There -- initially is there's a carve-out of the business by the bank, which has to get approved by the regulator. And then we have to get approval to acquire our interest, which is over 50% interest, yes, in the transaction. So I think initially we thought maybe be ready by the beginning of the summer. I think now we've updated that to the summer, which I guess runs all the way till September. It's not in our hands. It's entirely in the regulator's hands. I can say from a reference standpoint, I know this goes back to a more difficult time in Europe, but it took upwards to 9, 10 months to have the first deal done in Spain or Banco Popular; so we're optimistic. We're providing whatever information, as is the bank, to be able to get the transaction closed, but at this time the best we can estimate is the summer time period. In terms of size, this is roughly 15,000 to 20,000 merchants. It's a business that's been growing, at least historically from what we've seen, above 10%, which is a strong growth rate for that region. And it's predominantly focused on SME. It's not one of the big bank players in the marketplace. In terms of the financial impact, we'll update our guidance with those numbers once we have the transaction closed.
Jim Kelly: I think the only market that we've talked about and in terms of fixing or improving performance was around our Direct business. What we refer to as our Traditional business is kind of the legacy EVO business that was here. That largely reflects agents and ISO as kind of the old "feet on the street" model. Most of which -- these people have moved on from this as a career or sold their businesses. And so we really have a legacy business that they can't move that runs off. And that's a double-digit-declining business in a -- to approximate what attrition would look like in the marketplace. The other component of the business that had been declining which is growing which in -- domestically or in U.S. was our Direct business. And we've seen it's in the positive, so it's growing. It's in the black, but it still has some room for improvement, and we're expecting that to continue to prove -- improve. As I've said in the past through the balance of this year, we have a new management team in place, actually just added someone on the operations side. And I think -- the performance there; our acquisition with Federated, which has been going well since the acquisition, I think those things will conspire to continue to drive the improvement in the market -- I mean, in the business, but relative to the market, I'm not expecting this to be more than a single-digit, mid-single-digit grower. I don't see this ever getting to the double digit just given the characteristics; the mix shift, as Brendan mentioned earlier, in the U.S. market. This is not a growth area aligned with something like the ISVs. In terms of strategic, I go back to again what Brendan mentioned earlier. Domestically, if you're specific to domestic, we're very excited about the B2B space. There's a lot of white space in that space where companies have not -- manufacturers have not historically used their ERP infrastructure as a way to accept payments. And we are seeing a good traction in that space, and we'll -- I think you'll continue to see us invest. Then if we were to spend strategically, it -- as we did with Notice, I think this is an area that we will continue to invest in domestically. And then beyond that is to move the capabilities. Since it's connected to the same platform, that's connected to all our infrastructure, Snap. We'll be looking to export that to Europe and to Mexico and then other markets that we end up in over time.
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think there's two ways to grow margin. One is just the organic growth of the company. We try to get as much of our costs to be fixed as possible so, as we add more transactions, those transactions are, generally speaking, as profitable as the one prior, but they become incrementally more profitable because of the fixed structure of the company. So we own our processing across all markets. We're now pairing a variable expense to process the transaction. And that's the primary way of growing in that. And when we went public and we were explaining EVO to the marketplace, that's the 50 to 75 basis points that we're expecting. What you saw in the fourth quarter and I think you'll see again in the future, at some juncture, is kind of that stair -- step up in margin. And that generally comes from making an acquisition. Repricing the book for lossmaking merchants is the most -- a quicker, effective near-term way of changing a margin outlook. And the other is integration of infrastructure. So as I mentioned on the call, Germany, we've gone for a number of years, but it was low on the priority list. It's only gone up on the priority list. And we've integrated, which means the capabilities of a stand-alone German office are now integrated in -- a big part of it is integrated into Poland because we have a model out of Europe, kind of hub and spoke, where Poland is the infrastructure, the back office. And each of the countries are more like satellites in terms of sales and direct customer service. The other would be relative to Mexico. So there is an outsourced relationship still with Mexico. While we own the infrastructure, it is processed through a third-party processor that is partially owned by the bank that we're aligned with. So as we integrate that infrastructure, what is today out -- a spend goes away because we're placing the processing over infrastructures that we've already paid for. And in those instances, and we have a number of them that we're working on, you'll see a -- more of an outsized increase to margin improvement.
Jim Kelly: Just under 5x. And what we gave was long-term guidance of the 2x to 3x, which is a reasonable range for the marketplace, but it wasn't something that we were -- or I was saying that we're going to be there in the first 12 months. And we're only just coming up on 12 months as a public company. As Kevin said, we'll -- slightly by -- at least where we are today, it's about 4.5x. And by the end of the year, we'll probably be down at 4x or slightly under 4x. So the company, as all our space, generates a significant amount of free cash flow. As you noticed, in the first quarter, our CapEx spending was down about 25%, and a big part of that CapEx spend decline was around terminal spend. And we had a number of initiatives last year, the cashless program in Poland; and as we make acquisitions like Liberbank, there's always a number of terminals that are out of compliance that we have to replace. So we had a number of factors that drove up cash spend in the last couple of years that I think will slow down and enable us to have more free cash flow to pay down debt. And when we get to 2x to 3x, we weren't specific as to a time frame, but in terms of our leverage, I don't think it's out of line with our strategy.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So I think, on the first, we're -- this is also an open line with lots of competitors. So there's a we're trying to be as transparent as we can on all our markets, but I wouldn't break sub segment our DCC in any specific market. Because we have DCC across all the region in Europe and maybe a small amount in Mexico. I think the second part of your question, about why down: If you recall, last year, we got a number of questions from people like yourself as well. There was a lot of attention in Europe around DCC. And I think it just heightened the attention in that market. And it was, I think, initially expected there'll be some regulation coming out of the EU. That did not happen, but I'm assuming that has -- had had some impact on the rate at which people are using DCC. Beyond that, nothing else has really changed in our businesses, maybe some travel patterns because you have to have an international card in your market to be able to take advantage of a DCC transaction. I think in one of our markets, in particular the -- in the Polish market, the business that was acquired happened to -- for us -- was based at airports. So as you well know, people from all over the world travel through these airports, in Poland in particular. And as we lost that customer, our DCC will be impacted as a result. But nothing more than that.
Jim Kelly: The cost for restructuring typically is around personnel. So it's exiting personnel that are duplicative to the consolidation. So if we had two offices that had common services, as we exited 1, then we would take a charge that would be reflected in the financials for the severance related to those people that would be exiting.
Jim Kelly: I noted, in the quarter, I mean, we did consolidate some offices as of the fourth quarter. And every quarter, there's probably some come out of that, but I don't know that one specifically. We could probably take that after. And it would be otherwise in the press release.
Jim Kelly: Could you speak -- it was just somewhat muted. Could you just repeat the first part of that question again? Your question is around migration...
Jim Kelly: So thank you all for joining us this morning and your continued interest in EVO. Thank you, operator.
Kevin Hodges: Yes. And I think the -- what you're going to see in Poland impacting us for the rest of the year, not so much the Raiffeisen agreement. Jim talked about we've got Postbank that's now coming online. It's really going to be, as Jim mentioned, that larger customer that was acquired and migrated off a little bit faster than anticipated.
Kevin Hodges: Yes. It was about 7% in -- just for North America. And it's primarily the Federated acquisition. As Jim mentioned earlier, that's going to annualize Q4 this year. The smaller ones really weren't that material to the growth rates.
Kevin Hodges: No, it wasn't -- it's not the -- of the 8%, it's not -- 7% isn't the total. So what we said earlier in the call, so total company grew -- ex Traditional grew 13%. five percentage points of that was related to the acquisitions, mostly Federated. Some of that's coming from some of the European deals, but if we look at sort of within the North America segments -- so just kind of given rounding and everything else. So we've got just under seven percentage points related to -- with the Q1 impact of Federated. And then you've got a couple points of just normal organic growth, but then you're going to see the impact of the Mexico holiday. That's going to impact primarily the Mexican market.
