Cameron Bready: Hey Jason, good morning, it’s Cameron. Thanks for the question - it’s a good question. The way I think about it is we exited the year at basically 8%, and as we said in our prepared remarks, our expectation for merchant for 2024 is 7% to 8%, kind of quote-unquote organic, obviously excluding the pick-up that we get from EVO in the first quarter before we anniversary the deal. To me, that really reflects, as we said, a slightly more tempered view of the macroeconomic environment, given that we do see some risk to the consumer as we head into 2024. That being said, to your point, if the consumer hangs in better than we would expect, I would anticipate us being towards the higher end of that range. Obviously if the consumer is a little weaker, as our guide sort of contemplates or at least allows for, I think at the low end, we might be towards the lower end of that range. I think the way you’re thinking about it is right and it’s consistent with how we’re thinking about it. We’re being a little bit cautious around the consumer heading into the year. Obviously a continued resilient consumer who doesn’t weaken at all will put us towards the higher end, and if we do see a little bit of softness, we think we’d be towards the lower end of that range. But again, we wanted to be prudent with our expectations around the consumer heading into the year.
Cameron Bready: Yes, happy to. Maybe I’ll address the latter part of that question first, and then I’ll circle back to the front in a second. I think on the M&A front, as Josh mentioned in his prepared comments, we’re kind of back to a business as usual mindset heading into the year as it relates to capital allocation. As I’ve said pretty consistently, whatever we do or consider from an M&A perspective obviously has to fit strategically, it has to fit culturally and financially, it needs to be attractive as a returns matter relative to the alternative uses of our capital, and given that leverage is right around our targeted level right now and we expect it to be for 2024, the alternative use of capital is buying back our stock, so I remain of the view that anything we do from an M&A perspective needs to be competitive from a returns standpoint relative to our ability to buy back stock and the returns that we think we can generate from that. That’s true, regardless of whether we’re thinking about smaller deals that present nice tuck-in or enhanced capability opportunities, or we think of larger deals that obviously provide more opportunity for increased scale and advance the strategy as well.  As always from an M&A perspective, we’re open-minded. I think we’re very deliberate, I think in terms of how we think about M&A that’s going to fit our strategy and the things we want to pursue, and we’ll continue with that mindset as we move forward in time, but I’ll be clear - the return expectation for M&A need to be competitive, and that’s how we’ll view everything through that lens. I think as it relates to your first question around potential portfolio pruning, there is some chance that that will be in the cards for 2024, yes. It’s not contemplated in our outlook currently today, but it is something that we’re continuing to evaluate, and it’s really in the context of making sure that as we think about investing in the business, that we’re investing in those areas where we have scale, we have differentiation, we have prospects to be able to continue to grow the business at attractive rates going forward, and trying to minimize investment, minimize resources and management attention that’s focused on markets that may be sub-scale, or a line of business where we don’t have particular differentiation and we don’t see greater prospects to meaningfully impact the business moving forward. That’s the way we’re thinking about it. Obviously if we make decisions around that, we’ll provide updates as we work through the year, but it is certainly something that we’re contemplating, as I noted in my remarks.
Cameron Bready: I think it’s a good question. I would say we feel fairly good about how we’re positioned strategically across most of the markets that we’re in today. Certainly here in the U.S, we feel quite good about obviously our integrated business, the capabilities we have there, the differentiation, the distinction we think we can bring to ISB partners, and how that has allowed us to position that business for continued growth and success. Certainly we’re very excited about the rollout of our next-generation point-of-sale software solutions I talked about, which are coming obviously this quarter, which we think will give us a more competitive positioning obviously in the POS space here in the U.S. market, with feature-rich capabilities and obviously service that we think is distinctive, relative to again the competitors in the marketplace, and obviously we still see a long runway for growth around POS, whether it’s enterprise QSR with what we’re doing with CosMc’s, or small to medium sized merchants across restaurant and retail that we’re targeting through our Heartland restaurant, Heartland retail platforms. I think we feel very good about that, and then of course across the vertical market software businesses and those verticals where we do own the entirety of the software stack, again we think we’re well positioned in those verticals to continue to grow nicely and continue to gain share with those businesses in the specific verticals that they’re targeting. That’s really the software-centric strategies that we’re pursuing here in the U.S. market. I do think those are the areas of growth that we’re continuing to focus on and continuing to invest in, in our business, and that’s the best strategy for us competitively, I think here in the U.S. market.  But I think we’re feeling pretty sanguine about the overall competitive landscape in the U.S. I think pricing has become more rationalized, obviously, with rates rising and competitors focusing on profitability and free cash flow, which I think creates a more constructive backdrop overall just from a competitive standpoint. I’d say outside the U.S, we’re pretty bullish how we’re positioned competitively, largely because of the capability that we can bring to bear on markets that are probably not quite as sophisticated from a product and solutioning standpoint as the U.S. market, so our ability to bring our point-of-sale solutions, our touch on mobile solutions, our commerce enablement capabilities, our Google running Grow My Business platform to markets outside the U.S., particularly in Europe, LatAm, and to some degree Asia-Pacific, I think competitively positions us really well in markets where I’d say the competitive dynamic in many cases is probably less intense than it is here in the U.S. market.  From that perspective, I’m relatively bullish what we can do, putting aside macro, just in terms of competitive positioning in markets outside the U.S., bringing these distinctive and differentiated capabilities. 
Cameron Bready: Yes James, look - it’s a fair question, and I’m not going to get ahead of my skis today and sort of give a new, quote-unquote, cycle guide. Obviously as I’ve communicated previously, we intend to host an investor day this year - that will be one of the topics that we cover at that time, and we’ll provide a little more color about how we’re thinking about the business then.  But I would say, if you just step back and look at how we’re thinking about the business heading into the year, as we said, excluding kind of the anniversarying of deals, if you think about the business on a normalized basis, we’re targeting 7%-plus revenue growth on the top line and 14%-plus from an earnings per share perspective, so think about it kind of in the high single digit top line growth and kind of mid-teens earnings per share growth, again reflecting a little bit more of a tempered view of the macro environment heading into the year. I think that’s generally fairly reflective of how we think about the business, and I think that kind of business is one that we can continue to execute against, and those targets and expectations are something we think we can sustainably achieve over a period of time, so I would characterize the outlook as broadly reflective of how we think about the business, obviously with the overlay of a little bit of a tempered macroeconomic expectation for 2024.
Cameron Bready: Darrin, the only thing I’d add - I mean, it was important to us going into the year to have the capacity to be able to do share repurchases if that’s what capital allocation plans call for, so obviously we’re pleased the board supports that and I think it sends a signal, obviously, that we’re very open minded to share repurchases if that’s the best alternative for capital allocation this year. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a good question, and let me just be clear, Ramsey, about the joint venture itself. We’re not buying into an existing portfolio that Commerzbank has. Commerzbank doesn’t have an acquiring business today. What we’re doing effectively through the joint venture is entering into a distribution partnership whereby Commerzbank will obviously be a distribution channel for us. They’ll own 49% of the business but they’re largely bringing distribution to the party as it relates to the joint venture that we’re establishing with them Essentially, think of it as a greenfield opportunity to really grow and scale a business in Germany, starting with a very small base that we acquired through the EVO acquisition last year, but it’ an opportunity to grow and scale a more meaningful business in Germany over a long period of time.  Commerzbank is one of the largest domestic banks in Germany. They have one of the strongest market positions, particularly across small and medium-sized merchants, which is obviously more of our target market and the markets that we serve around the globe. Today, we think it’s a fantastic new partner that’s going to allow us to build over time a more meaningful business in Germany, but obviously it’s going to take a while to scale there.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a good question, Ramsey. I’m not going to comment on the latter part of that, naturally. Not surprisingly, we don’t comment on market rumors of that nature. But I think as it relates to the U.K. market, I would say a couple things. One is we are starting to see some signs of stabilization there, which I think is positive. Obviously they reported their inflation numbers this morning - they were generally in line with expectations, unlike where the U.S. was yesterday, so I think that’s a constructive step forward as well. I don’t know that we’ve seen absolute bottom in the U.K. as it relates to the macro pressure, obviously, that we’ve highlighted over the course of much of the last year and beyond; but I do think we are getting to a point where we’re seeing things stabilize in that market, which gives us a little bit more optimism about where we can go over the longer term in the U.K. I would say as it relates to product and capability, the short answer is yes - I mean, we’ve worked hard to bring new products and new solutions to that market. We’ve talked about bringing our GP POS solution to the U.K. market, which we think will give us a very competitive point-of-sale to market, and again that’s not highly differentiated like it is here in the U.S. market. We’ve brought other solutions from a commerce-enablement perspective to the U.K. market as well, so I think certainly from a product capability standpoint, we have everything that we need to be successful in that market. I think the challenge with the U.K. has really been macro driven over a longer period of time, and that’s obviously something that I’ve said before. I think we’re starting to see signs of stabilization there.
Cameron Bready: Yes, good questions. I would say, maybe just to address the last one quickly, the short answer is yes. Once we anniversary EVO in the first quarter and gaming, I would expect Q2 through Q4 to be relatively consistent based on our current outlook for the full year. Just going back to the first part of your question, I would say yes, we would expect volumes to generally track relatively in line with the revenue growth that we’re seeing in the business. T hat’s been a consistent trend, if you look at the schedule we provide in our earnings presentation. You can go back quite a long period of time and see that trend being pretty consistent, which is something that we’re pleased about, so the outlook for 2024, I would say yes, by and large we expect volumes to generally track our revenue expectations as we work ourselves through the balance of the year. Then I would say on pricing, we really haven’t changed our philosophy on that front. We’ve been pretty consistent in our commentary as to how we think about pricing, not only our commentary but our actual execution of it as well, clearly geared towards making sure that we think we’re getting paid fairly and appropriately for the level of value and service that we’re delivering to our customers. We’re not the low cost provider in the market and we don’t strive to be, and we think the value proposition we bring to customers and clients is differentiated and we want the price for our services to reflect that, so there’s nothing unusual, I would say, in 2024 from a pricing perspective. It’s a little bit more of a continuation of executing against that philosophy that we’ve had over a long period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a good question. We take a lot of care to be very deliberate in terms of where we think we want to own software assets versus where do we want to partner. We obviously have a fantastic integrated business, we have a great partnership model, and that is a business that gives us, I think, a lot of opportunity to continue to benefit from embedded payments, integrated payments - put whatever term you want to around it, so obviously that is a focus of our growth as well as, in certain vertical markets, wanting to own software assets because we think we can drive better payment monetization, we think we can drive better growth and better differentiation in our solutions by owning software. We tend to target verticals, as we said for a long period of time, that are large addressable spend markets, there needs to be a strong nexus with payments. Obviously we’re not in the business of owning software just to own software. We want to own software in vertical markets where there’s strong consumer spend and a good opportunity to monetize payment flows coming out of that. The third thing I would say is we want to invest in software businesses where we can leverage our investment across the broader Global Payments. A big focus for us is finding ways to amplify the impact of the investments we’re making, whether it’s in our more traditional payments businesses or in our vertical markets software businesses. We want to be able to take investments that we’re making in those businesses and find ways to amplify them across the broader Global Payments portfolio. Then lastly, as I talked about before, we’re very focused on those vertical markets that have some international applicability. One of the things we’ve been successful in doing, and I highlighted some of this in my script today, is taking our software solutions to markets outside of the U.S. - U.K., Canada, Australia, etc., and using those obviously as a means by which to drive growth and differentiation in markets outside the U.S. that we serve today, so that’s another important element as we think about vertical expansion. Without getting into specific verticals, that’s how we think about the world, but it’s a pretty consistent mindset, I would say, that we’ve had over a long period of time as we’ve thought about investing in software.
Cameron Bready: Yes Andrew, good questions. I would say certainly I think there are opportunities over time to be able to drive that higher, slightly higher. I would just balance that against the fact that our merchant revenue today is well north of $7 billion, so you’ve moving a big number when we’re talking about growth rates in the range that we’re talking about. But the areas where I’m sort of bullish, and I think there are probably prospects to drive better rates over time, is really around point of sale software. We’re making meaningful investments in that area. We spent a lot of time in our Q3 call talking about our overall point of sale strategy, how we think about the different assets that we own today, where we’re trying to leverage those across our wholesale business, across our direct business, across our international markets, across enterprise QSR and stadium and event venues, etc.  As we’re rolling out our next generation of capabilities in 2024 and we think about bringing POS solutions to markets outside of the U.S. over time, as I touched on, I’m pretty--you know, I do have high expectations for what we’re able to do with that point of sale business and growing and scaling it over the next several years. I certainly think that is a lever that we’d want to lean on and try to drive obviously continued strong rates of growth in that channel, that can obviously augment the overall rates of growth for the business. I’d say the second thing is really the international markets, as I highlighted. I do think those markets, just from a competitive dynamic perspective, are less intense than the U.S. market. I think we have great market positions, we have great partners, and we’re bringing more and more product and capability to those markets that I think can drive more differentiation and therefore lead to better rates of growth for the business over time, so certainly that’s another area in the business where I continue to see good opportunities for us to grow and scale. Then third, obviously the more embedded payment trends that sort of become tailwinds for the business, the more omnichannel continues to drive meaningful growth, I would say in the business overall, I think we’re poised to take advantage of those trends over a longer period of time, and obviously I think those support clearly the rates of growth that we have in the business and hopefully would provide some tailwind to that over time. 
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a good question, and obviously not surprisingly, we don’t get into specific conversations around pricing for any particular customer. I would say a couple things. One is we were obviously delighted to renew two flagship customers, as I called out in my prepared remarks. Those are customers that have been with us for a very long period of time, we have very strong relationships with, and obviously getting those renewals done, I think was important. It’s also reflected in the guide for the business, so as you can see, obviously we’re able to manage those in the context of still growing the issuer businesses, kind of at our targeted rate of growth heading into 2024. I would say more broadly, as we continue to invest in modernization, we continue to invest in more enablement capability for our clients and building our more cloud-native solutions and more micro services that allow our clients to be able to consume capabilities more easily, I think that’s going to open up new channels and new avenues for growth for that business, which we think long term obviously helps to drive better growth prospects for the issuer solutions business, so we’ve made a substantial amount of progress on our modernization efforts. We talked about what’s in plan for 2024 as we’re running a number of pilots across the business, different geographies, products and services, and bundles that we sell into the market that obviously position us to begin to start to commercializing those solutions in the near term, so we’re pleased with how that project is progressing and we’re pleased with how it positions that business, I think to obviously sustain current rates of growth; but obviously the goal and the objective is to be able to accelerate those rates of growth over time by opening up new markets and opening up new revenue channels for the issuer business.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Andrew.  With that, I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call this morning. We appreciate your interest in Global Payments and all of your support, and I’ll wish everyone a happy Valentine’s day. Have a great day.
Josh Whipple: No, look - I think the only thing I would add is if you think about margins by segment, we continue to expect merchant margins to improve as synergies ramp. Darrin, you may recall if you go back to last year, Q2 margins were down 170 basis points, Q3 they were down 90 and Q4 60, so we’re seeing a continued consistent positive trend coming into the year. I’d also just echo what Cameron said - we continue to focus on balancing margin expansion with reinvestment in the business, and as it relates to our issuer margins, we’ll continue to see the benefit of strong volume-based revenue trends and ongoing expense management.  In Q1 specifically, we expect margins to be slightly higher than the 50 basis points, given the lower Q1 ‘23 absolute margin figures, but otherwise margin expansion for the overall company will be pretty consistent across each of the quarters.
Josh Whipple: Darrin, I would say that we plan to return to a more balanced capital allocation approach in 2024. Buybacks remain one of our priorities, but we plan to further reduce debt until we can return to that roughly three times levered target on a net debt basis during the year.
Josh Whipple: Yes, I’ll go ahead and take that. Look - we were, I would say generally very pleased with our free cash flow conversion, especially for the quarter. We were over 100%, for the full year we were 100%, and this was in line with our expectations as we’ve been guiding over the last several quarters and the last year. I would say that this conversion follows the trajectory that we saw in 2022 - you know, a little bit weaker in the first half of the year and stronger in the second half of the year.  What I would say in ’24, we continue to go ahead and target that same general trajectory and pattern, and we expect to go ahead and convert roughly 100% in 2024, excluding the impact of the timing--you know, change of recognizing the R&D tax credits.  As it relates to the add-backs, I would say we continue to go ahead and expect add-backs to come down. I think as you’ll note in our scheduled time of the press release that we expect GAAP earnings to be approximately 50% of adjusted earnings - that’s a significant improvement relative to last year, and we expect that to go ahead and continue as time goes on.
Josh Whipple: Yes, look - what I would say is we’re expecting 11%, 12% EPS growth. Q1, as you rightly point out, we’re anniversarying Netspend and gaming, so that will be slightly below the range, but I would say Q2 will be in the 11% to 12% range, and then Q3/Q4 will be in the 12% to 13% range, and that kind of gets you to 11 or 12 for the full year.
