Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, I’m happy to. Maybe I’ll start with the quarter and then I’ll spend a little bit of time on the outlook as well. So for the quarter, as Jeff highlighted, I think we’re pretty pleased with the overall growth we saw in the business. Obviously, that was led by the U.S. business, which again produced double-digit growth in the quarter. Jeff highlighted a couple of, I think, the outstanding businesses from a performance perspective. But I’d also note, our point-of-sale, ATM and payroll businesses also grew in the double digits. Our vertical market business grew in the double digits. So our U.S. business overall was double digits for the quarter. North America in total, including Canada, was right at 10%, exactly what we did in Q3. So again, I think good strength across kind of the U.S. and North American businesses. Where we saw a little bit of headwind was from our Asian and European businesses. We do see some macro headwinds in the UK. I think we talked about that in our prepared remarks. And Asia continues to be impacted by COVID-related restrictions, although as we get early into 2023, we’re starting to see those lift, and January results obviously reflect a lifting of those restrictions, which is encouraging to see heading into the year. So really, our performance in Q4 was largely the same as Q3, but for international businesses. They were a point of tailwind in Q3, and there were a point of headwind in Q4. I think when you look at the business overall, fundamentally, 9% constant currency volume growth, I think, compares very favorably against what you saw from Visa, Mastercard, PayPal, Fiserv. So I think we feel very good about the momentum and the underlying fundamental performance of the Merchant business as we head into 2023. As we talked about this morning, our highlights for 2023 from a growth perspective start with Global Payments sort of core business at 9% to 10%, again, relatively consistent with the cycle guidance that we provided for that business reflecting a macro environment that we expect to be largely consistent with kind of what we’ve seen exiting 2022. So fundamentally, I think we feel really good about how the business is performing and the component parts in the technology-enabled aspects of the business that we expect to drive growth are continuing to do just that.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I’m happy to. I mean I think what we’re seeing right now is relative stability across the SMB markets that we target in our vertical market businesses and our Merchant business overall. And the best example I can probably provide is just where we stand as it relates to booking and new sales trends kind of exiting 2022, heading into 2023 because I think that’s a good barometer as to where we see the health of that overall market. Believe it or not, we had our best sales month of the year in our U.S. Merchant business in December. And it was our second best all time. So I think from that perspective, we’re seeing very good momentum across new sales, which I think is a good – obviously, a good canary in the coal mine for what we anticipate in 2023. We had a record payroll sales month in December, and we continue to see near 20% bookings growth in our vertical market businesses, again, all targeted largely towards the SMB segments of the market here in the U.S., by and large. E-comm and omni continues to produce really good results. As we highlighted on the call, mid-teens growth again yet this quarter, we continue to benefit, I think from digitization trends that obviously help blend the physical and virtual world. But I think again, we are uniquely positioned to solve this complexity for our merchant customers, and we see great adoption of those capabilities from our merchants in virtually all markets around the globe in which we are operating today. So, look, I think we are fairly confident as we head into 2023 to the guide that we provided today. Obviously, macro can evolve over the course of the year. I don’t think we are assuming perfect macro. We didn’t see perfect macro in Q4, as Jeff highlighted. So, I think some of that is obviously reflected in the guide today. I think the guide doesn’t assume it gets meaningfully worse nor does it assume it gets meaningfully better from where we are. And I think again, we feel confident in our ability to deliver on the results that we forecasted in our call earlier this morning.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Bryan, it’s Cameron. Maybe I will jump in, and I will ask Jeff to add any other additional comments if he would like to. So, look, I would just say our philosophy around pricing really hasn’t changed very much. We do want to ensure we are getting paid fairly and appropriately for the level of service and capabilities we are providing to our customers and our pricing strategies, I will say, are generally aligned with this. We are not really positioning ourselves to be the low-cost provider in the market. I think we are price competitive. But obviously, we strive to differentiate ourselves based on our capabilities and the service that we deliver to the customers that we have the benefit of serving in the marketplace. So, like everybody else, as we talked about earlier on this call, I mean we have inflationary pressures that we have to absorb around wage, goods, services, etcetera. Obviously, we have reflected that in pricing plans kind of accordingly. But I would say, to your point, our volume growth continues to track relatively consistently with our overall revenue growth. And our spreads have remained relatively consistent. I would say, over time, we continue to expect to see spreads overall increase as we continue to pivot towards more technology enablement in the business, as we continue to scale our point-of-sale business, our vertical market businesses continue to grow, e-comm and omni continues to be a tailwind for the growth. All those businesses generally have higher spreads because we are selling more technology, obviously, than sort of traditional merchant acquiring in general. So, I think there is a lot of tailwinds around our spreads as we move forward in time. But we have been fairly I would say, sanguine as it relates to our pricing strategies as we have been able to generate good revenue growth in the business on the back of really solid fundamental volume growth across the globe.
Cameron Bready: No, the only thing I was going to add to that, Bryan, as it relates to renewals and issuer. It’s a little bit like the merchant business and that we are not trying to be all things to all people. We target very specific segments of the market, and we are really targeting winners in the market. Those issuers who are growing, they are acquiring more portfolios, they see good organic growth from a card deployment perspective in their business today. So, you can afford to give, to some degree, those discounts on renewals because you are going to grow through them over a short period of time, to Jeff’s point. So, it speaks to a little bit around how we position the issuer business in the marketplace, the target market for us from a growth perspective. And again, the organizations we like to partner with, those that are winning in the marketplace and give us the opportunity to grow through any sort of discount we may have to provide on a renewal over time.
Cameron Bready: Vasu, it’s Cameron. I will start and I will ask Jeff to jump in. I think what we like about the EVO portfolio overall is their exposure to faster growth markets around the globe. So, obviously, I think EVO, part of the strategy that they have pursued and it’s one that’s consistent with us is to have those exposures to geographies with strong secular growth trends. Obviously, where we see good favorable macro environment as it relates to card adoption, in digitization of payments over time, notwithstanding what the underlying macro environment in those markets may be. So, I think we feel, obviously, that our guide for EVO today – that we provided today, which is around $475 million for 2023 for three quarters of the year, which run rates to about 630, 635, something like that. Obviously, I think it reflects a pretty consistent view of the macro environment globally that we have here at Global Payments, but obviously does, to some degree, benefit from the fact that they are in secular growth markets. That obviously create tailwinds and good opportunities for us to continue to grow over longer periods of time. So, yes, you may see a little bit of macro softness in some of these markets. But again, the strong underlying secular growth trends more than offset that and I think as leave us well positioned to see good growth in EVO business year-over-year, apples-to-apples for 2023 as well as kind of the years beyond.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I can give you a little bit of color there, Will. It’s Cameron. The gaming business got about $100 million a year or so. And I think we sold that business at around kind of an 8x multiple level, 7.5x, 8x. Can give you a sense of sort of the EBITDA contribution that it would deliver. So, as we look at 2023, we will have one-quarter of the business, so about $25 million of revenue. You can see that highlighted on Page 9 of our disclosures today. And then we will lose about $75-ish million plus of revenue kind of relative to what we had in 2022 from that business.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. And we see that trend, as I said, just to finish off on that point from Cameron, Darrin. As I said in the prepared remarks, we saw the same trends continue into January. So really with the preliminary results that we have for January, we are pleased with the metrics that we have into January and into February. So we really haven’t seen – as Cameron just alluded to, really haven’t seen much of a change. Bank of America came out this morning with some comments about a healthy consumer. So we continue to be pleased with where we are.
Jeff Sloan: Thanks, Darrin. Yes. So look, I think we’re really pleased with where the Issuer business is, and it’s really issuer and B2B now. So look, I would tell you that in the back half of calendar 2022, for Issuer in particular, we exceeded our expectations almost every month and certainly for the two quarters. So we’ve got our fingers crossed that we will do better and what that it will accelerate further. As I mentioned a minute ago, the metrics to January – preliminary results in January and metrics and issuance of February also look very healthy. So look, we’re hopeful we can do better than that. I would say though that the fourth quarter of ‘22 itself represented 80 basis points of sequential acceleration in core Issuer just from Q3, Darrin, into Q4 sequentially in terms of revenue. So look, I’m hopeful we can all look back and say that was a low bar, but you’re talking about a business that had its best performance in the month of December that adds since the merger expect performance in the quarter that it had since the merger, Darrin, be delighted to talk to you in May about how good the performance is in the first quarter if that will continue. But I think we’ve got multiple tailwinds in that business. We’re really excited about where it is. Obviously, part of our goal is to get B2B larger. So as Josh said in his prepared remarks, B2BX Paycard added about 60, 70 basis points to the growth rate. We’d obviously like to get that bigger and that’s part of our plan to get to mid to high over time single-digits in that business, but that’s reflected in our guide today, up to 5.5% growth. So I think we’ve got every avenue of opportunity available to continue to build on the sequential acceleration that we saw in calendar 2022. And hopefully, Darrin, can look back later in the year and laugh about how easy it was.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Jason, it’s Jeff. So, I will start. So, we will start with our GAAP guide, which is the first row, and then we have got our normal GAAP adjustments, which is the second row, the home adjustments to get adjusted net revenue. That’s what we report, the 6% to 7%. We said currency was roughly neutral. The truth is it’s a 20 basis point headwind. We are just going to absorb that. We didn’t think calling that out and trying to back out 20 basis points based on what we know is really worth anyone’s time. Our job is to manage those things. The reason we call it net divestiture, if that’s net of EVO. So, as I mentioned a minute ago, Netspend B2C and EVO are roughly similar in size. They are going to close, our expectation, is on around the same day. So, there is no timing discontinuity of those things. Those offset more or less, I would say there is a little bit of leakage. So, there might be something like 50 basis points, 60 basis points of leakage on the sale of Netspend Consumer relative to the acquisition of EVO. But then remember, we were forced to exit the Russia business April 29th, Jason, of last year, so we have overlap there for a period. And then we obviously also announced today from a revenue point the sale of gaming, which is earnings-neutral, but obviously revenue-dilutive. So, the net effect of that is minus 1.7%. If you get the lot together, the acquisition of EVO, the sale of Netspend Consumer, the forced divestiture of Russia, the sale of gaming does net to minus 1.7%. So, if you add back currency and get back the net effect, which is why it says net there on Slide 10, you get to the 8% to 9%, which to your point, and we call it core here. That’s our view of what the core business is really doing. If you want to take that to earnings, and Josh actually put this in his quote in press release. If you back out the divestiture because it’s not our – our cycle guide doesn’t include divestitures. If you back that out, core earnings growth would have been 15% to 16%. That’s not what we were guiding to, because that’s not what we are going to report. But the 8% to 9% correlates to the 15% to 16%. Then if you say, well, what about EVO’s run rate of expense synergies because we only get 1 point or 2 points of accretion this year because we only own it for nine-twelfth of the year. But if you look at our guide from August 1st, there is another 3% of accretion to EPS at full run rate – incremental free at full run rate phase in full expense synergies, which is from August 1st of last year. You put that in, and we are actually at 17% to 20% earnings guide. So, the way we think about it, Jason, is 8% to 9% is the run rate of what the quarter is doing. We are not guiding to that because we are going to report which is what Pages 7, 8, 9 do, what our press release does. We don’t want to have any confusion. But for those who are interested in what’s really going on, what’s the core revenue growth rate of the company, whatever it is, it’s 8% to 9%. What’s the core earnings growth of your company, it’s 15% to 16% and with full phase in EVO synergies, it’s 17% to 20%. So, right on top again – and Josh already said, it’s 120 on the margin, so right on top again of our cycle guide despite all the uncertainties of the world.
Jeff Sloan: Look, it sounds like the Braves, the Hawks, the Falcons, stuff we announced today, with the states, like those are all RFPs, too. Those are RFPs with the existing providers. Those are RFPs with new fintech entrants. We are winning those too. Some of those guys know how to run RFPs at the NFL, the NBA, MLS right, etcetera. So, I would say what we are leading with is technology and that’s not cells. If you don’t care about the quality of tech and the quality of the service that quality support, as Cameron said, you would probably go look elsewhere.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I mean at that point, Vasu, as Josh in his prepared remarks, that 430ish, 435 number, which is like 630, whatever the math is, for the full year reflects double-digit growth over EVO period-over-period. So, that’s the number ready. Then on your earnings question, what we showed today was consistent with what we said on August 1st is really no change. That 1% to 2% of accretion for nine-twelfth of the year for EVO, if you fully phased in, as I said, as a response I think to James’ question, you fully phased in the synergies for EVO. You would get to 4% to 5%, which basically offsets completely the Netspend B2C Consumer disposition. That’s what we guided to in August 1st of ‘22. Vasu, we said, nothing has changed.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I will take that Vasu and Josh can jump in. So, look, our cycle guide for that business has been, I think TSYS was 2%, 4% to 6%. The good news is in our guide, we go up to 5.5%, right, today. So, we have 4.5% to 5.5%. Obviously, 5% in the midpoint, 5% is the midpoint of 4% to 6% also. But notice the 4.5% to 5.5% relative to the 4% to 6% historical cycle guide. So, I think that’s good news. I think the difference in that business is really twofold. One, as I mentioned in response to Bryan’s question, I think the cloud-centricity and the advent of new technology business, look, we wouldn’t have won the deal in Mexico. I don’t think we would have won – I know we would have won CaixaBank and the other things we described, if we weren’t cloud-centric and cloud native in that business, which is obviously what we have been working on since our announcement in August of 2020 with AWS. So, the first thing I think it’s changed is what people are buying, which is really technology and look, price is always an issue, but I think as I mentioned a minute ago and Cameron too, I think we are always price competitive. That’s kind of point number one. Point number two, obviously, is the mix with B2B assets that we made the pivot on with MineralTree in September of 2021 and now with elements of Netspend B2B. And I think what we said in the back half of last year, Vasu, is that should over time, and now I am talking about including B2B, right, that’s kind of a new item. That takes you from the 4% to 6% and it’s going to take you higher to this x as B2B becomes a bigger point. As I think Josh said in his prepared remarks today, excluding Paycard, which is more macro sensitive and had lot of COVID subsidies in it. For employment, if you back that out, B2B added 60 bps to the core. So, if the quarter is growing 5%, I think we just said it was growing 5% in the fourth quarter. If the quarter is growing 5% and you are adding 60 bps, now you are close to 6%. And as those mixes change and as we burn through the pipeline, you are going to get to that mid to mid to high, which obviously is an enhancement with B2B over the traditional 4% to 6%. So, the high end of our guide right now is 5.5%. That’s higher than 5%. We hope, obviously, that continues over time. But the business is in a very healthy place. As I said in my prepared remarks, we had record after record during the peak in particular, in our issuer business. And I don’t see any signs currently of our expectations changing.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. So, what I would say is our cycle guide, I would like to start with that Will and just work in reverse. So, our cycle guide of low-double digits includes M&A in it. For example, on the revenue side as well as the expense side, capital deployment has always been a part. And what we have said historically, Will, even before ‘21, probably going back to ‘15, ‘18, is that M&A, for example, can add up to a couple of hundred basis points of revenue in any given period. And capital deployment generally gets 2 to 3 points kind of earnings growth and has historically for a company, whether it’s buybacks or M&A or anything else. So, that’s the overall generality. Then if you go to your question, on Pages 9 and 10. So, what we are trying to get at is we only have three quarters of EVO in 2023. Obviously, we have a disposition coming in 2023, where our cycle guide doesn’t assume we are selling 10% of the revenue of the company, which is what’s in the disposition. So, we tried to back that out to give you a better sense of the 8% to 9%. And then obviously, the exit period also has a currency assumption, as I mentioned a minute ago, and there is a bit of a currency headwind over the year. So, I think the answer to your question is as we accelerate merger integration with EVO, we expect to see revenue acceleration, 125, Will, is just an expense number. So, as we integrate EVO towards the end of the year, as we look at revenue opportunities when it closes beyond expense opportunities, if you add those 1 to 2 points, which is back to our cycle guide over the last number of cycles, you are exiting the year at 8% to 9% on Page 9. Obviously, it’s a bit of a currency thing there, 7% to 8%, add 1 to 2 points, just on EVO alone, and you are going to get to double digits of revenue. I mentioned a minute ago in response to Jason’s question that on earnings ex dispositions this year were 15% to 16%, and EVO were 17% to 19%. So, I think we are kind of at the earnings number with a full year effect of EVO ex the disposition. And I think we are within sharing distance on the revenue side. Then lastly, I would say, we kind of alluded to this in the investor conference, the shifting business mix on the issuer business towards more B2B, I just mentioned a minute ago in response to Vasu’s question, our 4.5% to 5.5% of 5% in the middle, I think it’s right in line with what we said historically. But obviously, that 5.5% is towards the high end of 6%. So, it’s still like we would have said 4% to 6%, like here it is 5.5%. And obviously, it was a lower number in ‘21 and for most of ‘22 to end up the year at 5%. As that mix continues to shift, we see another 50 basis points, 60 basis points coming from B2B as the wins continue to roll in from things like CaixaBank, etcetera. That business should accelerate. Now, you are on top of 10% to 11%, which is our cycle guide with M&A in it. So, I think Will, exiting this year, we are kind of right on track to be where we would like to be from a cycle guide point of view. I would also say, as we said both in the press release and our prepared remarks today, we hit the sight for calendar ‘22, let’s not lose sight of that, constant currency neutral and ex dispositions. So, I think we are right, we are at we want to be despite all the uncertainties in the current macro environment.
Jeff Sloan: Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. Have a great day.
