Cameron Bready: Sure, I'll be happy to. Good morning, Darrin. I would just start with a couple of things. I'll start with the vertical markets that are obviously continuing to cover. Jeff highlighted those, really, K through 12 and active, both of them were up probably about 10 points sequentially from the fourth quarter relative to growth versus 2019. And obviously, that level of improvement helped to push vertical markets overall to growth relative to 2019, which I think is a hallmark obviously relative to the experience over the last couple of years. And it gives us a lot of confidence that our vertical market business is well positioned to be a tailwind for growth for the Merchant business for the balance of 2022 as those markets continue to recover. On the flip side, I want to highlight TouchNet and AdvancedMD, which continue to produce just absolutely fantastic performance. TouchNet again grew double digits this quarter. It's up nearly 40% versus 2019. Levels and AdvancedMD grew in the high-teens, yet again. It's up over 50% relative to 2019 levels. So the vertical markets has always been kind of a tale of two stories. And we continue to see that play out. But now that, the more heavily impacted verticals are recovering, it sets up well for the balance of the year. And just lastly, on the Merchant business overall, I would just say a couple of things. One is, as an execution matter, new sales and bookings trends remain very positive. In aggregate across the business, it was roughly 20% this quarter, again, continuing with a very strong sort of new sales performance across the business. And the other thing, I would highlight to Jeff's earlier point is part of what we like about our positioning is the diversity of vertical market exposure that we have across both consumer discretionary and consumer non-discretionary. So obviously, as the macro continues to evolve over time, we're very happy with how the business is positioned as a diversification matter across vertical markets.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. Ramsey, it's Cameron. Maybe I'll start and I'll ask Paul and Jeff to chime-in. I would say April trends thus far have been pretty good, and I'd say relatively consistent with what we saw in March. So the short answer to your question is, we're not really seeing, I would say, any inflationary pressure, putting pressure on the consumer to a point that is changing behavior and slowing down the overall level of spend in the market. So as you know, generally, with an inflationary environment, we're going to benefit as volumes continue to tick up, reflecting obviously that price inflation and the overall cost of goods and services that consumers are purchasing to the point, obviously, where there ends up being demand destruction that might offset that. We're not seeing that yet. I think April is trending, I think, consistent with our expectations thus far.
Cameron Bready: I think that covers it pretty well. If you look at the cadence of growth in 2021 versus 2020, obviously, in the first quarter, we grew 4%. In the second, we grew 41%. So naturally, you're going to have a very different comp as Paul highlighted earlier. But to his point, obviously, we expect the Merchant business overall to grow double-digits for the full year. And we expect every quarter to be in the double-digit range, obviously, Q1 being the high watermark because of the easier comp.
Cameron Bready: Yeah, Dave. Look, I think your overall thesis is right. I think we are seeing a relatively constructive yield environment as probably the best way to characterize it. Obviously, vertical markets returning to growth versus 2019 levels is a nice tailwind for yield. You called out the interchange benefits that are kind of flowing through. Most of our pricing, as you know, is interchange plus, but we do have some bundled pricing as well. More importantly, as the overall cost of acceptance goes down for our merchant customers, that's generally a good thing and generally a tailwind for the business overall. So, I would say, we're seeing an environment where a couple of things: one, obviously, given all the discussion of inflation, there is an acceptance the fact that costs are increasing. That's point number one. And point number two, as our business mix continues to shift towards more technology enablement, more software, obviously, we're seeing a positive environment for our own specific businesses as well. So, I think we feel pretty good about how the overall sort of pricing environment is positioned for the balance of the year.
Cameron Bready: Yes. George, it's Cameron. I'll jump in there. I think you have that mostly right. Obviously, Europe was a bright spot in the quarter the growth rate was in the high 20% range. Obviously, we've got a little bit of a tailwind from Bankia that we acquired in the latter part of 2021. But overall, organically, it was well into the 20% range from a growth standpoint as the recovery continues to progress kind of across the European footprint. As it relates to 2019 levels, the U.K. is positive, which is good and remains positive, had a very strong quarter. Spain continues to really be the bright spot, along with our joint venture with Erste Bank in Central Europe. Those two businesses are growing at very attractive rates. As we've seen the pandemic accelerate, obviously, the digitization of payments across those two markets to a pretty extensive degree. So those businesses, I think, stand out, again, from a performance standpoint, position in Europe, I think, they have a very strong year overall as the recovery continues to progress. Asia actually went backwards a little bit in the first quarter, and that's completely attributable to the lockdowns in the Greater China markets, in China in particular. So we did see Asia be a headwind to growth. Asia grew overall about 3% in the quarter. Some of that was obviously a negative currency environment. And some of it obviously was attributable to the lockdowns. As that market again hopefully reopens, as we move into the latter part of the second quarter and into Q3, we expect it to get back to more of a double-digit growth rate, which is our anticipation for the region. But obviously, we did have to absorb a little bit of headwind in the first quarter given the continued sort of COVID impacts across the region.
Cameron Bready: Yeah. Tim, its Cameron and I'll start. And I'll ask Jeff and Paul to jump in with any other comments they'd like to provide. So obviously, if you just look back in time, the Global Payments Integrated business grew through the combination of our acquisitions of APT and PayPros. And then obviously, since then has been growing at an organic rate generally in that kind of mid-to-high-teens rate. So if you think about the base of partners that exist in that business today, it's come through largely a combination of those, plus organic growth. And then, of course, lastly, when we merged with TSYS about 2.5 years ago now, TSYS had a portion of their Merchant business that was focused on integrated partners as well, and we combine that into GPI. So, I would say, if you look at the mix of partners, that's largely coming from the acquisitions we've done, coupled with very strong organic growth trends over the course of time. As it relates to new partners, it's hard to give you a pinpoint estimate as to how many we add a year because it largely depends on the size of partners we're targeting. I can tell you in the first quarter, we added about a dozen. And I would say there are three larger partners in that portfolio. In aggregate, they bring us an opportunity for about 130,000 additional mid to be able to add to our integrated business. So those are three really sizable wins and ones that were really attractive or excited about given that, that business has about 600,000-mids in it today. So adding a new population of 130,000 we can go and target is obviously a very good result for us. So in any given year, we'll add well into 20 to 30 partners. Attrition in that business is very low, particularly on the partner side. So we continue to see obviously a favorable outlook for growth in the business over a longer period of time, given our ability to add new partners into the portfolio. And then, obviously get better penetration levels within our partner base-of-mids. As Jeff highlighted in his prepared remarks, we have now as a go-to-market matter combined our U.S. payments and our GPI business. A big part of that strategy is really geared around unleashing our relationship-led sales professionals on the GPI base of partner customer opportunities and really doing that in a more seamless systematic way as we bring the two channels together. The second key element of doing that is to also improve our ability to cross-sell capabilities that we have in those two businesses into the underlying base portfolios. And we've already launched lending into our GPI business from our U.S. payments business in the first quarter. We're going to add more products, obviously, as a cross-sell matter into that over the course of time so to speak. So the last part of your question, which is our ability to embed more value-added services, more commerce enablement solutions into the overall GPI portfolio, is really going to be enhanced by bringing those channels together, as we're able to obviously unleash more capability into that environment as we have a slightly smoother kind of go-to-market motion across the U.S. business by merging the two channels.
Paul Todd: Yeah. Darrin, so yeah, I mean, obviously, we've been very focused on margin expansion now really for the last two years. But most recently, some of the actions that we took, as Jeff said in his prepared remarks, to kind of offset some of the incremental adverse kind of foreign exchange as well as Russia from on the cost side allows us to kind of tweak up that margin expectation for the year. And as a cadence matter, it kind of progresses throughout the year, kind of steps up as we move throughout the quarters to kind of get to that overall up to 125 basis points. So you saw us, 50 basis points. We'll have another step up in the second quarter. It will step again in the third and another step in the fourth quarter to kind of get us to that overall up to 125 basis points.
Paul Todd: Yeah. So Jason, on the step-up as it relates to the revenue growth and as we said on our last call, we did have in this first quarter comparative kind of from year-over-year. But we step to that mid single-digit in the second quarter and then stepped up to kind of that mid- to kind of higher mid single-digit in the third and the fourth quarter for the business, ultimately kind of landing at that higher mid single-digit rate is our expectation for the year. So we have a progressive step-up throughout the year. And as I said on our last call as well, we kind of exited the year at that higher mid single-digit given the conversion activity we just referenced as well as kind of some of the easier comps that we have with managed services and some of the things that we're doing on the repositioning side there. So it's not only just the step up progressively in the year, but it's also kind of the exit run rate, growth rate that we expect to be at when we end the year.
Paul Todd: Yes. I would just say we kind of hit on it in the last couple of questions, is just the improving picture. Certainly, on the merchant side, we've talked for several quarters about the tailwind of vertical markets coming back and being an additive kind of growth dynamic. And then, as I just commented on the issuing side, between what we're seeing this year as a progressively stronger growth picture and this pipeline size, as Jeff commented earlier, is the biggest pipeline we've had in really a long time in that business. And then, you kind of couple that with just even as of this morning raising our margin guidance and the things that we're doing on the cost side gives us that kind of additive confidence that, yeah, that EPS cycle guide is in really good shape, and we've got tailwinds relative to the things we've talked about this morning.
Paul Todd: Yes. So as it relates to the impact of MineralTree, we were roughly flat on a constant currency basis ex MineralTree. And so obviously, being at the roughly 1.5% growth, that's kind of the right way to think about the MineralTree impact and roughly kind of the right way to think about it for the full year, although we've got some additional adverse FX that comes into play. So that pulls that down. But roughly about 1% or so of benefit as it relates to MineralTree. And then as it relates to commercial card, we still haven't reached back to kind of exceeding the 2019 levels on commercial card. We did, as Jeff said, saw a progressive kind of growth picture and particularly so between March and February kind of the step-up in the growth rate in our commercial card business as it relates to kind of sequential. But as it relates to 2019, we're still not at those 2019 levels. And certainly, as we sit there and look at the overall segment, what we were pleased with is that the overall normalized growth rate of that business from our accounts on file and kind of transactional revenue being solidly in that kind of mid or almost high mid single-digit growth rate. And just putting it all together, when you look at it kind of ex the managed services and some of the non-recurring were kind of solidly in that mid single-digit growth rate for the quarter.
Paul Todd: Yes. Trevor, I mean, as it relates to macro in each one of our businesses, we kind of build that into the fundamental kind of how we're building up based on what we're seeing and obviously, what -- depending on the segment, what we're kind of forecasting for our customers and so on. So, nothing has changed with that kind of rationale with the way we looked at. And we did, as we said last time, that we do, as you kind of referenced, assume a progressive kind of recovery, and things kind of continuing to get back to a kind of a more normalized state. With that being said, we've always said, we don't kind of build protection into the kind of model. So, we just kind of have based on all of the way we do our forecasting across all of our businesses, that kind of embeds in, what we're expecting from an overall kind of normalized standpoint. So, I wouldn't say, there's anything kind of incremental that we've built in. It's just been that kind of more normalized kind of growth and return to normalcy. And with that being said, we do provide for some kind of non-protection as move along that pendulum there.
Paul Todd: Yes. Well, Ashwin, this is Paul. We have kind of a more normalized or certainly a progressive kind of recovery on the commercial card side kind of built into, obviously, the guide that we talked about of the higher mid-single digit. And so that [Technical Difficulty] if you will, on the commercial card side, is built in. I would call it maybe a kind of point maybe of additional growth. And certainly, as I commented earlier, we still, even with kind of this improving picture, still are not back to the 2019 levels. And so as we move into 2023, obviously, there could be some incremental kind of tailwind into 2023 if we kind of get back to that kind of 2019 level. We'll just have to see how things progress. What I'm particularly pleased about, though, is what we've seen so far this year. Because obviously, in the fourth quarter, we had seen some pullback in the latter part of the fourth quarter relative to commercial card, and we have seen that come back. And as I said, particularly, we saw it in March volumes versus February, but we still offer aggressively kind of core picture. So we are seeing it coming back, albeit not yet to that 2019 level. But that would be roughly the right way to think about it, Ashwin.
Paul Todd: Yes. So we did kind of tweak up kind of the interest cost. In the prepared remarks, I commented on relative to the environment that we're in with the rate increases. And so that's baked in. So we're absorbing that in what we're doing from a cost standpoint. So yes, I mean, kind of we commented, I think, in the prepared remarks, that's what we're pleased with this we're kind of absorbing the Russian impact, the adverse incremental FX, some higher interest costs and still staying squarely kind of in our EPS guide range.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. Ramsey, it's Jeff. It's an terrific question. So let me just start with the wins that we've already announced, because they have a very significant debit elements. So, if you go back to the fall of 2021, the Virgin Money win, we've already converted the credit portfolio. But the piece that's coming in the remainder of this year really is the debit portfolio. So that's a very significant win for us. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks this morning, we expect to have our relationship along the lines of the digital wallet with Virgin Money, which is going to be very much an environment where we can offer non-bank card rails, I think ACH as well as debit. We expect that to be up and running within the next 12 months, as I said this morning. If you combine that with what we announced with CaixaBank, in February, and now we signed a letter of intent recently, Caixa is one of the largest debit issuers across Europe. We had a bunch of renewals that we also announced this morning, which also are debit-centric, again, in Europe. That all supports the statement we said this morning in our press release and also in our prepared remarks that we do expect to be among the largest debit processors across Europe before you even really get into additional co-sell opportunities with AWS. Let me just start there, Ramsey, because that addresses the first part. On the second part of what you asked about, we announced that we had LOIs and pipelines with a number of FinTech startups and neobanks. With AWS, I think 39 was the number of active prospects that we announced this morning. I think the opportunity there really is in the virtual card side along the lines of debit, particularly with AWS, Ramsey. So in addition to everything I just mentioned with more traditional institutions, which will make us one of the leading debit technology providers anyway. If you think about the virtual cards that we talked about in September, plugged into that what we announced this morning with BACT on the virtual card issuance side, with cryptocurrencies plug into that, the relationship with AWS and the 11 prospects in the pipeline on neobanks, FinTechs, start-ups, those tend to be, Ramsey, virtual card-centric, and those tend to be, in particular, debit-centric as it relates to virtual cards. So I do think over the next 12 months to 36 months, we're going to see a very significant expansion on the issuing side of our debit business. AWS has a really serious role to play there, but so is BACT and really, to be honest, sort of the traditional financial institutions that we've been announcing not just this morning but the last number of months.
Jeff Sloan: Yeah. I'd just add, Jason, what Paul just said that commercial card, which Paul called out in his prepared comments, saw improvement in March versus February, February versus January, obviously, as Omicron waned and corporate business travel returned. We expect that to be much like Visa/Mastercard improving as 2022 goes on. So in addition to the record implementation pipeline, we do see tailwinds coming in commercial card, which really for the last two years or so, Jason, up until kind of February and March was like a headwind.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Trevor, Jeff. I would say that the competitive environment really hasn't changed in issuer. It's always been very competitive. I think the one thing that has changed and we've seen this more recently, is our ability to really lead with technology, particularly in the partnership with AWS, which is really unique to us. So, I don't think a bit of landscape is any different now than it was certainly when we did the merger two or three years ago, to be honest. And that's kind of what we're seeing. But I do think we have unusual things to bring to the table, particularly as it relates to our service, the quality of our technology, our unit collaboration with AWS. If you go back to what I think we said in February, we think we believe that one of the reasons that CaixaBank selected us and they went through a full RFPs is because they looked at our technology, they looked at where we were in the public cloud, they looked at AWS, and they came to the point of view that, this is an important strategic decision for them. And I think that's as good a touchstone as any. I think the 56 million accounts on file as a record implementation pipeline really is another. So, I think if you look at kind of what our guide has been in that business, Paul described progressively increasing throughout the quarter, if you look at where I think we'll be over the next 12 to 24 months in that business, which I think is a pretty good trajectory, I think that kind of tells you what you need to know about the pricing environment as well as the mode of competition, which I think has really shifted toward end-to-end technology leadership. So if anything is new, Trevor, it's being, first and foremost, with technology. And I think what we have is really unmatched at scale in our industry.
