Cameron Bready: Yes, Ramsey, it's Cameron. Good morning and thanks for your comments. I'll kick it off, and I'll ask Josh to add any color that he would like to. So if you look across the portfolio today, I would characterize the business mix we have, it's pretty well diversified across discretionary and non-discretionary verticals. Without putting a specific point estimate on each, it's roughly split evenly between discretionary and non-discretionary. I think today, we're probably exposed to over 70 different vertical markets, and we have good diversification again across the overall merchant business domestically here in the U.S. and in our international markets as well. I think if you look at the overall economy today, we are seeing better trends in the non-discretionary categories. I would say, however, we are seeing vertical markets like restaurants continue to hold up well. And certainly, it's an experience-driven economy as we sit here today. So certainly, areas that are more focused on providing experience to the consumer are trending better than what you see across broad-based retail. But by and large, I'd say, as we said in our prepared remarks, the overall level of consumer spending, I think, remains pretty resilient across the board.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think my perspective on that, Ramsey, is any time the cost of acceptance goes down for our customers, it's a good thing for our business. So certainly, lowering the cost of interchange for our merchant customers is a positive for the business. Generally, much of our portfolio is passed through pricing, so interchange plus pricing, where those benefits would immediately get passed on to merchant customers. And what we've generally seen over time is where it's not, the market will sort of compete away that benefit over a period of time. So there may be a short-term sort of blip around it. But generally, what we see is that benefit to interchange would ultimately get competed away in the market over some period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Darrin, good questions both. So I would say the drivers continue to be what we've talked about throughout the course of the year. Our technology-enabled businesses continue to perform really well. They are the tip of the spear for growth in the business. I'll highlight our POS, which obviously, we spent a lot of our time in our prepared remarks talking about today. We continue to see very good momentum, 20% plus growth in that channel again this quarter. And again, we're very enthusiastic about the future of that, particularly as we begin to roll out B2 of our restaurant and retail platform through the Heartland channel as we get into 2024. So we're very bullish on the outlook for that business over a longer period of time. Integrated continues to be a very strong performer as well. Consistent growth this quarter as to what we saw in the Q2 time frame. And again, our vertical market businesses continue to grow in the low double-digit pace as we continue to see good strong demand for our software solutions and continue to monetize payment flows around that pretty effectively. So I think if you step back and look at the business, the themes are very consistent kind of Q2 to Q3, and we expect that to be the same as we get into Q4. I think as it relates to the second part of your question, and I think much of what you're seeing kind of flowing through right now is really the impact of EVO to some degree, because they really just sold payments, so their revenue is more directly tied, obviously, to just the level of payment volumes in the business. As we bring more value-added services to the business, as we sell more software on our own Global Payments channels, obviously, we think there's opportunities for more elevated growth in revenue relative to the growth of volume that we see through the business over time. So I think that long-term macro trend remains in effect. But certainly, there are investments that we're going to need to make in the business to be able to deploy a lot of the value-added services, software capabilities we have through the EVO channels, which will be a tailwind to kind of driving that revenue growth. It may be decoupling slightly from the overall level of volume growth that we see in the business but I've said many times, I want those two trends to obviously correlate very highly. I think they should correlate highly. Our goal with software is to monetize payments. So as we're doing that, we should see uplift in payment volume even as we're selling more software in the business. So I wouldn't expect radical departures but obviously, to your point, there is opportunity, I think, to continue to drive more non-volume-based revenue growth in the business, and you should see that play out over a period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I think -- look, I think in the issuer business, it really boils down to the feature-rich capabilities that we bring to bear on that market. That really are distinctive relative to what other competitors can provide. And it also aligns with our strategy of picking market winners and trying to grow with market winners. There's a lot of business we can do in the issuer space. I would say historically, we've really tried to focus our efforts and lean into those relationships with partners that have good strategies in the market where they're growing and winning. So obviously, as they succeed with their own business strategies, we obviously benefit from that as we look to grow and scale our issuer business as well. So I think it's just a combination of having fantastic capabilities, feature-rich functionality, and a good strategy of aligning ourselves with market winners that we see continue to play out in that business.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin, it's Cameron. The comment I would make is, as we've seen in the U.S. over the course of time, the mode of competition around restaurant and retail for payments is really driven by the point-of-sale technology. And those trends are beginning to play out, they're certainly in an earlier stage in markets outside of the U.S., but they're clearly starting to play out outside of the U.S. as well. So as mentioned in my prepared remarks, a big part of our POS strategy is leveraging the capabilities that we have here in the U.S. market and being able to extend those into markets outside of the U.S. We talked about bringing the GP POS Solution to Canada. We brought it to the UK, Spain, Central Europe. We're going to bring it to Poland, Ireland and Greece over the next 12 to 24 months. Obviously, EVO markets as well. We're going to bring it into Mexico through our, obviously, recent acquisition of EVO's business in Mexico. We think there's great opportunities to grow and scale our POS business there as well. So as we see the strategy for the business, obviously, there's fantastic opportunities here in the U.S. to continue to grow, but there's even better, more active opportunities kind of outside the U.S. where the competitive landscape is different. And obviously, we think we're well positioned through a combination of great distribution, local presence and support to be able to grow POS businesses at a pretty healthy pace for a long period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Ashwin it's Cameron. I'll start and I'll ask Josh to chime in with his perspective as well. So obviously, no one is more frustrated with the multiple than I am. I think the dislocation we've seen, particularly around payment stocks, is rather unwarranted notwithstanding the uncertainty that exists in the overall macroeconomic environment. That being said, I think your point is exactly right. We're very value oriented. And as we think about getting back to kind of more normal capital allocation heading into 2024, given our leverage ratio is going to be at our target by the end of the year, obviously, we're very focused on driving value for our shareholders. And obviously, at this multiple, like M&A, it's going to have to be pretty compelling from a return perspective to be able to compete with the risk-adjusted returns of buying back our stock at these multiples. So obviously, there's still a good amount of time between now and as we get into 2024. And we hope certainly the multiple landscape changes for the better over that period of time.  But as I said at the outset, we're going to be very focused on driving returns for our shareholders. And I think we've done a good job of that over the course of time, with a balanced capital allocation strategy. And I would like to continue to have that going forward, but that presupposes we can find M&A opportunities that really fit our criteria strategically, fit culturally, and obviously drive the kind of returns that we think our shareholders expect. And certainly, those are competitive with buying back stock. So Josh, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Cameron Bready: Yes, good morning Jason. Both great questions. So the organic "volume growth" same as last quarter, that's high single digit, 9% kind of number, again, aligning with the overall rate of revenue growth we saw in the Global Payments business, ex EVO, ex dispositions. And I would tell you, when we talk about consistency of execution, I can't give you probably any better example between what we've seen in Q2, Q3 and what our expectations are for Q4. So we had 9% growth kind of ex-EVO, ex-dispositions in Q2, same thing in Q3, that is our forecast for Q4. The difference is, obviously, between Q3 and Q4 are really the fact that we saw more FX tailwinds. Even though it was less than we anticipated back in August, we did have FX tailwinds in the quarter. And obviously, seasonally, EVO contributes a little bit more revenue in Q3, just tracking with the overall seasonal profile of their business, which is consistent about Global Payments merchant business as well. So in Q4, we're expecting a little bit less FX tailwind. It's a slight tailwind, very slight based on current expectations. And EVO obviously contributes a little bit less in Q3, just given the seasonal trends of the business. But when I talk about consistency of execution, that's exactly what I'm driving at, which is that sort of consistency we've seen from Q2, Q3, and what our expectations are now for Q4 as well.
Cameron Bready: It's a good account. It's not certainly a top five in the U.S., but it is a good account. I can't give you more specifics at this point around number of accounts on file, etcetera. But it's an attractive win for us because I think it does demonstrate the strength of having issuer and acquiring capabilities under one roof. Obviously, we've seen many instances where we've been able to leverage issuer customers into, obviously, the Global Payments relationship. Virgin Money is a good example of that. We've seen good instances where we've been able to leverage Global Payments relationships internationally into issuer customers. [Indiscernible] is a good example of that. It's nice now to have an example here domestically when we've been able to leverage a Global Payments relationship on the FI side into a new issuer opportunity as well. So it is -- needle mover may be a bit strong, but it is a nice win. It's one we're really proud of. It's a great customer and a great partner, and obviously continues to add to that pipeline of new opportunities to support growth in the issuer business over a longer period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Look, I think as we talked about for a long period of time, I think we built a model that is fairly durable and resilient and able to grow throughout different macroeconomic environments. So obviously, I think as we think about the future and what the macro may hold, I think we have a lot of confidence that there are growth drivers in this business that can sustain attractive levels of growth even if the underlying GDP growth and consumer spending levels are lower than kind of what we've seen over the course of 2023. Unless we find ourselves in a pandemic like situation we saw in 2020 or a severe recession/depression, I think through most normal macroeconomic environment, this model is built to grow, the rates of growth may evolve over those different cycles. But by and large, between share gains, software, new product capability that we're able to bring to market, secular growth trends we see in markets not tied to GDP growth, but tied to digital payment adoptions, continue to be tailwinds for the business overall. So I think with that backdrop, we're pretty confident that, obviously, we've got a model that will grow at attractive rates, notwithstanding what the macro may be. But that's obviously something we work very hard to make sure we've got a resilient business model that can ride through different cycles over a longer period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it's a good question, Trevor. I think, obviously, as a sensitivity matter, the issuer business is less macro sensitive than the merchant business kind of by definition given the revenue construct of that business and how we go to market from a commercial standpoint. So I do think there's arguably greater durability. Obviously, less upside, of course, as we've seen through different cycles with the issuer business but more downside protection, more durability through softer macro environments in the issuer business. I would say, look, we target that mid-single-digit growth level in that business given where we are currently. I think we feel good about the prospects of continuing to deliver on that level of growth in the business over the short to medium term. Naturally, the investments we're making in that business are designed to drive higher levels of growth in the business over a longer period of time. So as we continue to execute on our modernization program, we continue to nativize existing core feature functionality and capability in the AWS cloud environment, and we continue to obviously sell that and bring more customers into our issuer environment. Our hope is that we can obviously improve the outlook from a growth perspective in that business over a long period of time. But sitting here today, I think the execution that we've seen, the pipeline that we have, the underlying trends we're seeing in the business gives us confidence around the ability to kind of sustain that mid-single-digit growth level heading into the next couple of years.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Bryan, it's Cameron. I'll kind of kick it off. I would say maybe just to your latter point first, I do generally think about bookings as a little bit separate from the overall macro environment. Largely because we're not focused on that small end of the market that's going to be more impacted, I would say, by the overall macro as it relates to small business creation in new business development. We're more focused on, I would say, the upper S in the mid-market opportunities, where those businesses, by and large, are going to be less impacted by the macro environment, so to speak, as -- from a formation standpoint. So I think as it relates to the overall booking trends we're seeing kind of across the business, we remain very pleased with the level of performance. We called out a couple of highlights on the call this morning around the Zego booking trends that we've seen. Obviously, our POS bookings remain very strong as well. So overall, across the Merchant business, bookings are in the double digits, which gives us good visibility around new business that's going to be coming into, obviously, our environments over the course of the coming months as we install those merchants or install those software customers into the business. So I think the outlook, as it relates to, obviously, new business remains very strong as we sit here today. And retention levels remain very consistent. We've seen very stable trends around retention kind of through the course of 2023. Even as I think businesses have become more attuned to the cost side of their business with inflationary pressures and whatnot, we've been able to sustain consistent levels of retention in the business, which obviously sets up for why we've been able to see such a consistent level of revenue performance over the course of the year as well.
Cameron Bready: And just to put a little finer point on that. It's $475 million for Q2 through Q4. Obviously, we had $15 million we called out in Q1 that we had from revenue from EVO from closing just slightly before the quarter end and Q1 of this year. So for Q2 to Q4 it's still $475 million. We've been able to offset some of the FX headwinds, obviously, in EVO's business with a little bit better business performance. So we're still forecasting overall contribution this year of $490 million.
Cameron Bready: Yes, Will, it's Cameron. It's a very good question. And I think much of this sort of reflects back on the comments that I made in our Q2 call as to what attracts ISVs to this particular model. And as I described at that time, it's all the benefits really a payment facilitation without level the pain, I would say, being a payments company. And I think the types of ISVs and partners that we see attracted to this particular model, and this is spanning a number of different vertical markets, most ISVs today have monetized payments in some form or fashion, some better than others, of course. But I think it's, again, typically ISVs that have some specific boarding requirements and need more control over the boarding experience itself, and have some specific funding requirements as well to kind of support the customer base that they target in the marketplace. And so these are ISVs that otherwise might be good candidates for payment facilitation, but in many cases kind of lack the scale, lack the payments expertise to be able to become a true registered payment facilitation entity. So as we talked about at the time, we think this Profac model kind of hits a sweet spot in the market around, obviously, demand for payment facilitation capabilities and tools. But obviously, there's only a subset of ISVs that I think really have the scale and capability to become registered payment facilitation entities over a period of time and to do that very successfully and monetize payments at a very high level. So as we called out on the prepared remarks, obviously, six wins in the quarter for that new solution. We've got over 20 in the pipeline now that are very attractive opportunities for us, ISVs of all different sizes, all different vertical markets. The commonality is really around that boarding experience that they're looking for as well as specific funding requirements they may have, and in understanding that it's difficult for software companies to become payments companies. And obviously, the Profac model tries to solve for that. And I think it does it very well.
Cameron Bready: Yes. It's a good question, Will. We tried to call out over a long period of time, there's never going to be sort of exact correlation between any particular acquirer, sort of mix of business and what the networks represent. The networks represent the market more broadly as it relates to the brands that they serve in the marketplace. So there's always going to be differences between their fundamental performance and what we're seeing in our business. I think as it relates to our volume, we've seen consistent trends kind of Q3 through October as we called out in our prepared remarks today, there's reasons that the networks may be saying something different in their business. They've got travel comps than we may have in our business. And generally, they may have more fuel exposure in their business than we have in our business. So I think that's one thing that they called out as a reason for volume slightly ticking down in October relative to Q3 performance in their underlying businesses. So there's always going to be some degree of difference between what we're seeing in underlying trends and what the networks may be seeing as well.
Cameron Bready: Yes, really good question, Tien-Tsin. So as we called out in our prepared remarks earlier, in the U.S. market we go to market through a dealer channel, which is about 300 dealers that cover most of the major markets across the U.S. and Canada as well. And then we have somewhere in the neighborhood of, call it, 1,700 sales professionals who either can sell POS directly or refer POS sales into a specialist who can sell that. So we've tried different combinations as go-to-market from a sales and distribution matter around selling more software. We typically have gone to what I would call somewhat a hybrid model, where we do certify certain RMs to be able to sell POS capabilities. They have to be certified to sell those into the marketplace. But we allow all of our sales professionals, and we compensate them, of course, as well to refer business into those specialists as well. So that relationship, I think whether it's payroll or whether it's point of sale, I think that distribution model has served us well. And I think, generally, it's a good model for us to continue to leverage as we move forward, which means we have lots of distribution, obviously, to be able to push product through in North America. In markets outside of the U.S., I would say the point-of-sale system that we talked about, GP POS, is a little simpler solution. It's easier to sell. It's less complex. So generally, we can push that through the various distribution channels that we have as well as through FI partner distribution as well in international markets in which we operate. So there's really good distribution, I think, capability for us being able to sell our point-of-sale capabilities over time. Obviously, a more sophisticated sale is going to require a more specific specialist who focuses exclusively on POS sales. We're at the smaller end of the market. Most of our sales professionals are going to be able to sell our GP POS solution. 
Cameron Bready: Thanks Tien-Tsin. And that concludes our call for this morning. I want to take a moment just to thank you for your interest in Global Payments, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone has a happy Halloween. Take care.
Josh Whipple: Yes. So Ashwin, great question. I think as you think about the balance of the year here, we're focused on paying down debt. That's as Cameron mentioned, I think as we go into 2024, we'll get back on a normal capital allocation strategy where we'll focus on balancing reinvestment in the business and returning capital to shareholders. What I would say is that from an overall M&A perspective, I would say, our pipeline is very, very full. We're continuing to go ahead and build that pipeline. But there is a balance as it relates to returns, a balance between M&A and buying back our own stock. So that's something that we'll closely monitoring. And at these levels, it's something that we'll focus on.
Josh Whipple: No, I would just reiterate that what we're seeing in October is very similar to what we saw in Q3 and Q2. So we feel pretty good about what we're seeing currently. But as Cameron highlighted, there are risks out there, the geopolitical stress. The consumer repayment, that's obviously impacting things. And then there's inflation and tighter credit policy as well. So again, it's our tempered outlook, I think, is appropriate just given some of the macro backdrop that we're currently faced with.
Josh Whipple: And the only other thing I would add is that from a macro perspective, if you think about our business, it's incredibly versatile. As Cameron mentioned earlier, we do business across 70 different verticals. We have a physical presence in 41 countries around the globe and do business in 170 different markets. So I think the diversification of our business really creates that durability and stability that we're seeing currently.
Josh Whipple: Yes, let me start with Merchants. So if you go back in Q2, Merchant margins were down about 170 basis points. And then we saw some -- we saw improvement, obviously, going into Q3 was down 90 basis points as we go ahead and continue to ramp in synergies. And for Q4, we expect it to be roughly flat margins for Merchant. And as we said before, we expect a modest decline for the full year in Merchant. Issuer, year-to-date, we've seen margins expand 170 basis points, really a great trajectory. If you go back to Q1, 80 basis points of expansion, 300 basis points of expansion in Q2 and then 110 basis points of expansion in Q3. And if you recall on the Q2 call, I said that issuer margins would be in the high 46% range, and we delivered margins of 47.5% in the issuer business. And we expect those to be similar in Q4, and so I would say issuer margins will be more than 60 basis points for the overall full year. So that's kind of where we're thinking about the overall margin profile of the business. And as we -- as I said in my prepared remarks, we reiterated total company margins of up to 120 basis points for the full year.
Josh Whipple: Yeah, so Bryan for the quarter, EVO was approximately $165 million. There's obviously -- seasonally, that's a higher quarter for EVO and we're still trending right around that $490 million of adjusted net revenue for the Merchant business that we talked about on the prior call.
