Brendan Tansill: Yes. So good question, George. The intent with Mexico for the time being is to enable that platform in the same way that we've been able to the Poland platform as our back office and technology hub for the European markets. So that system is already obviously in Spanish language. That's applicable to nearly all of Central and South America, ex Brazil. And it has a lot of the capabilities that would be required to quickly stand up a system in Chile. So at one point, we had talked about the possibility of moving the Mexico platform onto the U.S. platform. But when this Chile opportunity came along, the Mexico platform could be enabled for processing in Chile far faster than our U.S. platform. And we pivoted to Chile given the revenue opportunity that we see there.
Brendan Tansill: Yes, good question. So yes, we've made - we bought a business, Sterling, in January of '17, principally for the ISV business. And what that business really got us into was the reseller channel, which is probably the most pervasive way software companies go-to-market here in the U.S. But as part of that Sterling acquisition, we bought a business segment based in Cincinnati, Ohio that focused specifically on B2B accounts. And they did so in a very direct manner. So they would set up leads through an inside call center, and then they would follow-up that lead with either an inside sales closer or an outside sales rep that would go visit the merchant location and sign the merchant. And the premise there was around savings. That through Level 2, Level 3 transaction data we have the ability to lower the cost of acceptance, reduce interchange and then the premium that one would pay for card acceptance versus ACH is moderated in some way. And then in addition to the business model that I just described, one of the things that the business also had done historically is offer integrations to smaller boutique ERP operations. And we saw the growth of that business over the ensuing 12 to 18 months and got incredibly excited. And so what we've done subsequent to the acquisition of Sterling is now bought 2 additional tech tuck-ins along the lines that Jim mentioned, based on Tien-Tsin's question. And those tech tuck-ins were first, Notice Technologies out in Anaheim, California. Notice focuses on Microsoft ERP solutions. And then subsequent to Notice, we bought a business most recently - very recently in the third quarter of last year, up in Kitchener, Ontario. And that business, Delego, focuses on SAP. And then subsequent to the acquisition of Notice, we took the technology there, the gateway that they have called PayFabric, and we integrated PayFabric into Oracle, and that now is integrated to both the on-prem and cloud-based Oracle ERP stacks. So if you kind of bundle all that together - and we've now done some work in the background to integrate the technology stacks of Delego and Notice, we now have integrations to the 3 largest ERP players out there: Microsoft, Oracle and SAP. And I guess, the big one that we'd obviously be missing is NetSuite. NetSuite, owned by Oracle, but a very different technology solution. And why our ERP solution is exciting to us, 2 reasons. The first is no different than through the integrated payments channel. When we integrate our payment acceptance solutions into ERP solutions, EVO becomes much more difficult to fire. We become - we develop a much stickier customer relationship. We see our attrition go down considerably. But then the second benefit is we can go to these ERP resellers and they become an extension of our distribution. So scale is difficult when we're calling merchants one by one over the phone and saying, "Can I come see you next Tuesday." But if I have a team of folks that are installing Microsoft, Oracle and SAP and as part of that install they're mentioning that they have a relationship with a company that offers an integrated payment acceptance solution to that ERP, it will shorten the working capital cycles. It will lower their loss rates for failure to collect and all that kind of good stuff. And we bundle all that with Level 2, Level 3 transaction data, so the cost of acceptance is moderated in some way. Now all of a sudden, the premium to accept card becomes even more tolerable. And then on top of all that, the channel gives us access to a customer size that we would otherwise - that would otherwise be inaccessible to EVO. So we have merchants there that are 10 or 15 or 20x the size of what we would board in the direct or ISV channel because these merchants are large B2B merchants, and we also are able to support our merchants that are referred to us by Deutsche Bank through that channel as well because they're all roughly the same size and the customer needs are roughly equivalent. And then the final piece to that is the B2B opportunity is - I know you directed the question at me here in the U.S. but Delego's merchants, as an example, are absolutely global in nature. So they have almost as many accounts in Europe as they would have here in the U.S., and we see the opportunity to be global because clearly, Oracle, SAP and Microsoft are targeting a very global audience as well.
Brendan Tansill: No, the opposite. No, it's mostly payments with some software. The software is the wedge that we lead with, but then we sell the acquiring right on top of it. And we're - in the past, these software companies that we've acquired, they've been Switzerland. They've been - they've made their software solutions available to other acquirers in the market. What we're finding great success in doing is bundling the sale, and we can give you the software a little bit cheaper if you accept acquiring from EVO, and we're seeing a huge closure rate with EVO as the acquirer behind the software solution integrating payment acceptance into the ERP.
Brendan Tansill: Yes. We haven't seen, I mean, the weakness that you're referencing in our Mexico business. That business is well positioned now. Last quarter, we made one of the technology tuck-in investments that Jim referenced earlier, SF Systems, which has, I think, differentiated our ISV offering. And then I know in the third quarter, we were quite excited and spoke to you guys a little bit about our new partnership with TouchBistro. So we've kind of shifted the business. I think one of the things that we talk about when we do these bank deals, Jim's mandate, is you buy a business that's entirely predicated on bank referrals. And then over 3, 4 years, you get it from 100% bank to something more like 50% bank. And so we've aggressively moved our direct sales strategies into the market with telesales. We've enhanced our direct sales effort in the market by enhancing the field sales group and then SF Systems enhancing our ISV strategy. And then finally, the introduction of EVO's European gateway, IPG or Snap*, that is now enabled for the Mexico market. And so you add all that together, and the answer is that our Mexico business continues to perform at rates that we consider to be quite attractive. And I'm not seeing same-store sales growth declines or volume declines in any meaningful way.
Thomas Panther: George, thank you. It's good to be here. And to answer your question, yes, I think you would see network fees and gross revenues move in generally parallel paths. So the guidance that we were giving on a post-606 basis, you can think about as being pretty consistent on a pre-606 basis. But as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to move to talking about revenue growth and overall business trends on a post-606 basis. So certainly, encourage you to move to that to stay and sync with how we'll be referring to the business on a go-forward basis.
Thomas Panther: Ashwin, it's Tom Panther. Yes, so you'll continue to see the mix of our business and the type of volume that we process shift. And so what you have...
Thomas Panther: Yes. So you'll continue to see some of the mix of our business shift, where you'll see larger merchants pushing high-volume type transactions. That's particularly true on the European side. In some cases, you see some pricing compression, where the revenue per transaction has come down, and that's what's driving the revenue.
Thomas Panther: And Ashwin, I think also in your question was around 606. For EVO, that's just a geography matter. Just a matter in terms of classification of those network fees. So no profitability impact or timing of revenue recognition with respect to our business.
Thomas Panther: Yes. For start off, our 2019 point, we were at about $35 million. That's down 25% compared to the prior year. I think where you'd kind of look at 2020 is kind of flattish from there, kind of plus/minus small amounts. I think we'll continue to be opportunistic with respect to investment. We want to do the right thing with respect to taking advantage of investment opportunities and capital allocation. But I think, looking forward, we'd be kind of flattish off of our 2019 run rate now that we've kind of reset the bar after some increases the last couple of years.
James Kelly: This is Jim. As it relates to EuroBic, we signed it well over a year ago, I think it was October a year ago. I think as some of you may have followed in the press, the bank has gone through a transformation. And this has been sold to a Spanish bank. There was some entry around one of the owners. It was a privately held bank up until, I guess, this transaction. And so in terms of our transaction, I think it is, at this stage, a wait and see. We had - in terms of the original agreement with that agreement had expired. We had been extending it month by month. We didn't want to extend it long-term because we didn't know what was going to happen with the bank. So we will engage with the new owner, and we'll get back to you as to what the future is as to whether we and the new potential owner will continue to move forward with the deal that we had struck with the - with EuroBic. In terms of Chile, we would be the first acquirer in the market. So we continue to work with the bank and the regulator to clear that process. There is progress. It is slower than probably what we would have expected in the beginning. But again, being the first in a market where the regulator has not seen a joint venture structure with an independent acquirer, having a majority interest, this is something new for the market. But otherwise, the relationship is progressing well. We - as Brendan was mentioning relative to the processing component of the relationship, we're continuing to build out capabilities. We're also looking for Visa, Mastercard also entering the market to be enabled during the spring/summertime period. So we're optimistic that we'll have some news to report as an update on the second quarter call.
James Kelly: Okay. So I'll take first the traditional. So EVO, if you went back to when it was formed in '89 through when I joined in, I guess, 2011, '12 time period, before international became part of our vernacular, that was just a traditional sales organization. It was not a processor, used to use Global Payments primarily as its core processing relationship. And it was feet on the street. It was telesales. It was kind of all that everybody else in the market did for 20 years domestically. That business that we define now as traditional and we discussed on the IPO, that business reflects largely individuals, agents or ISOs that have exited the business or have exited the relationship with EVO. It's not a core focus of the company as it relates to that group. So that is a runoff. There's not a prospect of that returning to a growth status because those people, in some instances, have retired. Now the flip side is it's a very profitable piece of business. So it's painful for us to watch it atrophy. But over the last 7 years, we've taken the profits of that business and invested in Mexico or Poland, Ireland, et cetera. And that has been - the strategy is that bleeds off, we've been moving into higher growth markets. B2B is another example that you mentioned, ISVs, where we're seeing very strong organic growth. So that one is going to continue to move in the direction that it has been moving, which is essentially attrition in the U.S. market. In terms of e-commerce, we've discussed on previous calls. Our e-commerce business was not based around a gateway. We were the acquirer for other gateways. Authorize.Net is one example of that. And there's been a maturing as well, at least as it relates to that type of a relationship. And we've taken steps to try and develop our own capabilities domestically, but it is still a relatively sizable piece of business in the U.S. We see it as a drag on our overall U.S. growth. But it is not a business like traditional that we're not putting an effort to see a reversal of the trend. But at this point, we anticipate at least for 2020 it will be a continued drag against the other two primary businesses in the U.S.
James Kelly: Yes, I think a lot of - Tien-Tsin, I think a lot of it is - well, it is around operating leverage of the business. It's trying to maintain the cost structure. As you know, we're essentially all in-sourced processing. So whether it's Europe, Mexico or the U.S., we focus very heavily on processing off our own systems, which is largely a fixed cost. And then just managing the rest of the cost, whether it's corporate or sales expenses, I think that's the biggest driver. Now at the same time, we've seen the benefit of incentives from schemes, where they ask us to support a new brand or initiative, and we've had conversion benefits as well that benefit the margin line. As we'd said on the initial IPO, 50 to 75 basis points, I think we've been in that range or above that range since we went public. It continues to be a focus of the company to be as efficient as possible without starving out investments or continuing to grow. As you know, we've also, last year, made 5 acquisitions, inclusive of the relationship with Bci. In terms of Bci, there's not any significant cost in the P&L for Bci. One of the reasons, as Brendan described, that we're leveraging the Mexico infrastructure. So I guess, there's some. We took an extra floor in the building in Mexico to be able to set up the infrastructure to support customer service out of that office, at least initially. Longer term, we'll have customer service in the market. But there was not a back book on Bci to buy. So similar to Ireland, it will be a straight start-up with extremely high-growth for many years, but we'll absorb some losses, and we'll come back to you and describe what those are once we got clearance to go from the brand's connectivity as well as the regulator. And I think that's going to be a very good story for us, accelerating growth in the Americas, plus it will be the first time into South America. There's other opportunities in adjacent markets that we're also excited about.
James Kelly: I think on the positives, one of the things we've tried to do here is build a business that year-in and year-out is a consistent grower, placing our investments. If you take aside the previous question of traditional and the current e-commerce situation, e-commerce is a very strong business for us in Mexico and across Europe. The ISV business has been very good for us here domestically. And we've seen great progress now in Ireland, in Spain, in Mexico as well. We've mentioned several times TouchBistro. We just signed a very large customer in the country because of that platform. So I think you're going to continue to see these smallish appearing tech-enabled type of platform. So it's not software. It's enabling people who are in the software business, but that is going to continue to accelerate growth. And you can see the growth outside those 2 markets that were just described, e-commerce and traditional. The growth is very healthy across the company. And so I don't know that it's materially different this year versus '19. I think in all instances we're going to continue to invest in stuff that will continue to accelerate growth. I would say on the M&A front - I mean, this is a very a common response. I mean, we feel very good about the prospects. We've bought a lot of companies since I've been here. I would say, as a public company, it is a positive because people know more about us. We are excited. I'm excited about the pipeline of opportunities. And for us, those opportunities are centralized around financial institutions and more of these tuck-in type tech opportunities. So yes, I would be disappointed if we don't come back to you this year with some more bank deals.
James Kelly: Ashwin, specific to North America, we were fortunate to pick up - I think we had the credit side. I know we had the credit, and we moved to the debit. We picked up the debit side of an existing customer in Mexico. This is a huge customer. It's probably in the top 5 in the country. We picked up all their debit volume. And that just kind of came flooding in, in the third or fourth - end of the third, beginning of the fourth quarter. So that's one of the reasons you see the kind of disconnect together with what Tom was saying. So when you push the U.S. and Mexico together, it shows a little bit of an anomaly because the U.S. is growing at a much slower rate, but we have a very high transaction growth rate and it's profitable, but very high transaction growth rate this year until that merchant lapse, which won't be until the third quarter this year in Mexico.
James Kelly: I think it's a little of both. My - doing this now, 20 years, I think the key to our success or one of the keys is building great distribution, similar to what Brendan was describing on B2B with ERP relationships. You can employ a lot of people to knock on doors. I mean, that's - definitely passes, I think, for many, many, many years. But I think we're very good at forming relationships with leading financial institutions and each of the deals that we've put together, and we have something like 14 or 15 financial institution relationships to-date. All of them are doing extremely well. Even with Santander, we continue to move forward constructively. So it's a model that's worked. It's worked very well for us. It's worked well for many of our competitors. It is our - one of our core focuses together with finding opportunities on the tech-enabled side because one of the things that brings a financial institution to a company like ours is the product set and capabilities that we offer them. So I think it will be a combination of the 2 as opposed to driving into point-of-sale software. That's not a core focus of ours at this time.
James Kelly: I just would add to that - I'd add to that, Bryan. Because we're anchored in the ISV business through the Sterling acquisition and then before that when we acquired Snap*, one of the things we did maybe three years ago, four years ago is get the GMs from each of the markets together here in the U.S., actually in our Tampa office, where Sterling was located or is located to explain what ISV looks like. Because if you come from markets where ISV are still relatively small, it's not something that a financial institution or people coming from financial institutions would otherwise really pay that close attention because most of their distribution comes through branches. And really, to the credit of Darren and Brendan and the GMs in each of these international markets, they've done an outstanding job finding opportunities with ISVs and finding things like Way2Pay and ClearONE, SFS in Mexico and more to come to be able to make this a bigger component of our business. And I think as everybody knows, first-mover advantage creates a level of stickiness. So while these are fast-growing international markets anyway because of the shift from paper to plastic, we're also going to get the benefit of the mix shift from traditional point-of-sale with the terminal to an integrated solution. So we expect that will be a bigger part of the company, and therefore, a faster-growing business over time.
James Kelly: The other thing I'd mention is the brands as it relates to Mexico have really seen almost exclusively international transactions. So Mexico is still a relatively closed market as it relates to a Mexican issued card to somebody who's from Mexico. That card doesn't go out to Visa, Mastercard currently. Now that, I think, will change over time. So I think if they were talking about slower transactions, I didn't see that news, but it would be predominantly travel into the country from people outside the country.
James Kelly: We're not taking on. We actually got a bunch of ex-SunTrust people here these days. So we're favorable to SunTrust.
James Kelly: Anyway, as it relates to Santander, as I said earlier, it's not the ideal relationship because it wasn't formed on the basis of them taking us. They bought a bank that we were affiliated with. And I think both parties have tried their best to coexist in a structure that neither of them were originally planning on putting together. We saw stronger sales referrals last week. One week doesn't make a year, but I know the team in Spain, our group continues to do a really good job working with them. We've aggressively moved our merchants out of the market. We're almost essentially done. We've got a couple of big merchants that have lots of locations, and they have special needs in terms of processing requirements, but we hope by the first half of this year that we've moved all that stuff off of the centralized system. And if you recall, as we called it out last year, the consolidation that the bank went through at the branch level is - should lap by the first half of this year. So we would - I don't know that I can say the worst is behind us, but their consolidation efforts are done. It's more about investment and growth. So that aligns with what our interest in. As we've said several times, we have a growing ISV business there. So that's becoming a bigger piece, bigger share of our new business. So that helps propel growth. And we have a bank relationship with another regional bank in the market that's done extremely well. So Santander was definitely a headwind in '19, and it's not completely behind us, but we are feeling better. And the second one was in Poland. Poland is - there's several competitors that you would know well upon is in the market has been for a long time. And First Data was in the market first back when they did Polcard. I think it was like 2006 or 2007. So it's a competitive market. There's a smaller player that has been very aggressive, as you've seen - as we've talked about. Our transaction growth and our revenue growth has not matched because our transactions are in the teens, and our revenues are in the high single to low double digit. And that has been price compression from competitors in the marketplace. But other than maybe city in Mexico, this is one of our biggest relationships with the bank, which owns 1/3 of the business. It's a great relationship all the way to the top of the house there. And I think we'll weather any competitive threats in the marketplace. I think we're extremely well positioned as it relates to product, and it is our core processing, as Darren mentioned, is in Poland. So we're quick to react to market needs. We are the leader in the market on the cashless side against our competitors. So we'll see some periodic impact from competitive aggressiveness, but we think we're okay.
James Kelly: Okay. I mean, if I understand the first question on geographic. So South America is a core focus. And we obviously want to get Chile up and going as fast as possible and as I said working it through with the regulators. I would say also on the geographic side is building out existing markets. It's much easier for us to form relationships in Europe, let's say, because we have big infrastructure in Europe. We're one of the leaders in Europe. We have all the processing in place, products in place, people in place. So I think you'll continue to see us build out in existing markets where there are other bank opportunities without crowding out the existing bank relationship as well as going to new countries. There's lots of opportunities across Central and Eastern Europe and even on the Western Europe side. I think the other piece would be Asia Pacific, putting aside the current prices around the coronavirus, Asia Pacific to us is an opportunity, but we would not go to that market or that region without finding a strong bank partner to be associated with. On the technology side, I would say, e-commerce is a very big focus in all our markets, including the U.S. We saw - see strong growth across Europe and in Mexico, and we have those capabilities in-house. We acquired a platform about 3 years ago and the team that's running that continues to do very well in bringing the capabilities market by market. In terms of competition, there's - our competitors have recently consolidated. I don't know that anything has materially changed domestically and internationally. We're up against whomever also offers payment services, but I don't hear a lot of tripping from our sales or GM group about anyone in particular.
James Kelly: And just to add to this. When we formed this relationship in 2013, it's our longest for me on record as well, a 20-year joint venture. And I've seen some articles about them buying other banks in the marketplace, but that would - our expectation is that would just roll into our existing joint venture. As I said, it's a great relationship. We speak to them daily locally, and I do as well with the senior group. And I think it would be great if they bought another bank. That would just be an opportunity for us to have greater distribution and potentially more share.
Darren Wilson: Ashwin, it's Darren Wilson here. Just to add to Tom and Jim's comments. For Europe, we've seen some large corporate evolution in pricing and volume in terms of continuing to sign large customers. But really, the trends through Europe are driven by two major drivers. One is a continued evolution to contactless. And contactless payments, the tap and go, is obviously lower transaction values. And then secondly, the Cashless initiative - the Cashless Foundation initiative in Poland continues to grow, which is micro merchants, again, seeing lower value transactions. So those are the principal drivers for Europe.
Darren Wilson: Thanks, Kartik. Just thoughts again. So there are mixed trends that you're seeing that are coming from the schemes or just kind of industry reports in terms of the potential Brexit shock. I think there is uncertainty, and we've seen that for a few quarters now where the Visa reports have shown quarter-on-quarter on the fundamentals kind of stabilizing or a slight debt, nothing significant. Overall, I think it's a watch and see. I think now that there is certainty in terms of the date and kind of processes in terms of the trade deals to be struck, I think there's still a watching brief on that in July - end of July will be a key milestone as to what the trade deals finally look like. I think the reality is Europe needs the U.K. and vice versa for trade. So we'll watch this space, but I think it's just - it is a watching brief.
Darren Wilson: Bryan, I think you just answered my question there. That's exactly where we're seeing significant growth in multiple markets. As I said, we're seeing U.K., Ireland, Spain, Poland, key markets, where, I think, as Brendan has said, in terms of the stickiness and the margin opportunities is where the success is coming. So I think you answered the question.
Darren Wilson: Sure. Thanks, Jim. I think there's always rumors in the market about activity. Poland's a hotbed of activity. Suffice to say, as Jim said, we've got a very strong relationship with PKO, very active in the cashless activities with us, a great distribution team, channel, also supporting our tech-enabled solutions, our omnichannel e-commerce strategy as well. So the relationship could not be stronger. But sure, on the back of, as Jim said, Raiffeisen changes, there continues to be noise in the market as it does in every market about potential consolidations. But we're very pleased and very active still with PKO.
