Jim Kelly: Okay. Good morning. I think the four years was in Ireland we reached 25% market share over a 4-year time period. Here as we mentioned in the comments, as Brendan mentioned, we're going to leverage our Mexican infrastructure. So we have a group of over 400 in Mexico. And similar as we do in Europe where we have -- Poland is kind of the back office for Europe it's kind of a hub-and-spoke structure, we intend to do the same for South America. So Bci initially will just be sales some product and account support. Overtime, we'll likely put some first-line customer service into the market. So there clearly will be some cost. I think most of the cost will really be around sales expense standing it up in advance of the revenue coming in. But as Brendan went through the statistics in the market, organic growth in that market just because of it's so under-penetrated for card issuing and merchant acceptance is over 20%. So our expectation is that we should see pretty rapid growth. If you want me to estimate, I would say, two years. But we'll likely see some losses and we'll call those out during these calls. And we would have been happy to buy a back book. Unfortunately there wasn't one available because it's owned by the central processor. But we're very, very excited about this opportunity; wanted to get into South America which we've talked about on numerous occasions. But we also think there's lots of growth in the market. We think we have an excellent partner who's very focused on technology. As Brendan mentioned they have a product already in market similar to like the Venmo on P2P which does some payments online as mentioned with Amazon and e-commerce businesses. They'd like to see that in the face-to-face world as well plus all the capabilities that we can bring and our Mexico team in particular that's had great success into that marketplace.
Jim Kelly: Yes. I think that's a really good question. For us because as we described our M&A strategy our objective is to form a long-term relationship with financial institution and benefit from their distribution and they benefit from our monoline capabilities. So it's not as easy as going to a private equity firm and buying a business. You have to cultivate a relationship. Typically these financial institutions, if not typically all the time run a process. So you have to wade through the process the contracts all that stuff. So yes it -- Bci took over one year from start to finish. But our expectation are a number of the Spanish-speaking countries in particular in South America, I think will look at Chile and also Brazil, but look at Chile and how it's opening up; obviously the same in Argentina. So my expectation is that, you'll see us in other countries in other countries in the not distant future, but we don't have anything that's actionable immediately.
Jim Kelly: And we'll continue to trend down. The tuck-in acquisitions that we've been doing are relatively small. I think just because they're small in size -- as Brendan mentioned, we would picked up TouchBistro in Mexico; it's a big win and we'll continue to do those type of transactions in markets. So yes, big transactions, small transactions; I don't think it's necessarily the size. It's really just fitting the strategy.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So on the excuse me on the first point relative to the U.S. nothing significant has changed relative to what we've said on prior calls. We're looking to round out the team. As we've mentioned, we've brought some of our capabilities that, originated internationally, mainly our gateway into the U.S. to be able to offer that as a solution for as opposed to using, third-party gateways. I would say, beyond the U.S. I think we called out in Mexico, as well as Europe, that we use a common gateway. So this is the one that we acquired around the same time we acquired Snap. It was not necessarily one that was well-known in terms of the Stripe's, Adyen's, Worldpays. But in terms of capabilities as you know, less capabilities. And our differentiation is the same differentiation, that a Bci gives us or any of the other 16 international banks, that we do business with and Deutsche Bank here domestically is their distribution. So, to the extent, that they have merchants that need e-commerce, which they do, we're the chosen, exclusive provider. So those businesses will come to us directly. I think so in particular, in e-commerce, where it's been around for quite some time. Many of these larger companies already have integrations to third parties. And to the extent they do, we'll still be the acquirer. But we may have a competitor platform in between. And to some extent, we would prefer it to be ours. But it's not necessarily a game changer. Our strategy is about building distribution, not necessarily building e-commerce distribution versus face-to-face versus ISV. But to build distribution through the financial institution networks that we currently have. And we will continue to expand. And then, take all our capabilities. And make those available to the customers.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. It is today internationally accelerate -- it is a big part of the growth or component of growth, in the international markets. Domestically, though I would say, we'll need another year to shift what was, a business dependent on third parties referring business, to us to a business that's more organically generated. So, I'm not expecting any change for this year and likely not for next year either, in the U.S. piece.
Jim Kelly: I wouldn't have it off the top of my head, as to total number of merchants that are on there. But yes, we could call that out on another call. Or we can do that at a later point in time. We were just highlighting our Way2Pay. And one of the questions we had earlier in terms of these smaller tuck-in-type acquisitions. Way2Pay's been very successful, in Ireland. It's now moving over to the U.K. And it's kind of for us a bit of a hybrid between software and e-commerce capabilities. So we were just referencing the fact that, this before we acquired it, was just simply a gateway and now we're picking up substantial part of the schools or sports organizations that are utilizing the service we are also the acquirer same for ClearONE. And you'll see the same for SF Systems. That is strategy I think we developed with Snap. And expanded to Sterling and are continuing to locate these types of assets. Internationally, they're relatively small. And they are oriented to clicks, as opposed to the acquiring fee. And that's as Brendan was describing Chile, that's the business that, we're in. We're maybe the last of the mono line acquirers that are public companies. And our focus is to get as close to the merchant as possible and to try to eliminate as many intermediaries between us in the merchant as possible.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. It would be entirely a guess. As we were putting the script together that was one of the questions actually I asked of Kevin to try to -- and that's why we put it in the script. So we were at 13% for Mexico. And that's a market that we probably saw it more notably. But it was probably 1% to 2% to the extent we can guess how many people spent the month before or the month after relative to Easter. And that would align with what our expectations were for Mexico. Likewise for Poland, there's some other noise in the Polish numbers, as Kevin mentioned, but you're probably 1% or 2%. If you went back to the scripts last quarter, we were down I think at 8% or 9% for Mexico as a corollary.
Jim Kelly: Well, I've only been to Chile a couple of times, so I can't speak to the tourists. But last time I was down there was around Christmas time. And there was a lot of Americans heading down there to get on a boat and go to South America. So apparently that's the thing to do at Christmas in Chile. Not South America. Excuse me. To Antarctica. I would say that every market has the opportunity for DCC and we would make that available as a product. I think we've also seen because of all the heightened attention on DCC in Europe last year that there was probably some level of pullback by consumers potentially because we saw some level of slowing as Kevin has said on a couple of calls. I don't know that there's more penetration opportunity in the existing books. The Polish business was already very well advanced with DCC. It's an in-house capability. We don't use a third-party. We set rates and can change rates during the day. And we've been effective in rolling that out into the Spanish market for instance and into Ireland. We do have a new book in Europe, Liberbank. So there is activity in increasing DCC capabilities, because the legacy national processor called SECA there just has less capabilities on the DCC side. So it is part of the playbook wherever we go, but I don't know that it's something that would be overly material in the near term.
Jim Kelly: Yeah. Ashwin really has been a very big focus this year going into this year about getting CapEx down and being more aggressive maybe than we had in the past. I think last year we just convergence of the cashless program as Kevin said and some office refurbishments expansions. And as we do make acquisitions, there's going to be maybe not as much CapEx, but there's going to be more cash spending. So our focus this year is to improve cash flow. And I don't know that we expected it to be as strong as what we've seen thus far this year. But we've taken a very good look at the balance of the year. We think this will continue into the fourth quarter.
Jim Kelly: I would say by me – by management on being more careful on when we time purchases. As a privately held company, we would sometimes buy up on a better price and I think some of that spilled into last year. But there's no shift in terms of strategy. In TouchBistro as an example it is not necessarily going to change. In terms of size, it's not going to change the spend -- for terminals in Mexico. This will go up. I mean it's not going to be overly material. But it'll go up as we go into Chile because I think Chile's got a similar model as most of these markets do where the bank was historically or in this case Transbank was providing terminals.
Jim Kelly: So personally, no. I mean know that they all just closed or are about to close. I think Global's still not closed. Global TSYS is not closed yet. Anytime you have a transaction the magnitude of these which were quite surprising I think to everybody at least to me they were and particular the speed at which they occurred -- plus when we make these type of transactions, we're announcing the synergies and synergies translate to people. So I think on the positive we see people who are open to leaving. There are really good -- there's talent in every one of these companies. So for us I think there are opportunities on the talent side. From the customer network we're very oriented domestically and these are mainly domestic transactions. We're very oriented to the dealer network for ISV sales. So I've heard anecdotal stories from those conferences about disruption within organizations as to who's going to be in charge and what does that mean downstream? So I think anytime you put change nobody likes change anytime there's change in the marketplace I think that provides opportunities for people that are not experiencing that change. But I haven't seen aggressive pricing or different type of proposals at this stage. That hasn't occurred.
Jim Kelly: I think we'll have more color as we get to closing. We're still having to stand up a technical infrastructure in the market. So I think we're probably a call away from being able to give you that insight.
Jim Kelly: Really we're not anticipating -- I'll give you a parallel I guess to some extent Ireland. Maybe we lost €2 million or €3 million total over the two or three years that it took to get to breakeven. So it's not a large number. Remember too thought, here we're only at half of the business. So half of the losses will be covered by Bci. And we're half of the profit as well.
Jim Kelly: Yes. So good morning, Kartik. Santander acquired Popular. Popular was the relationship we have or had previous to that acquisition. The relationship extends to 2030. It's exclusive them to us. They've announced that they accelerated their consolidation as I mentioned on consolidations. They've set a pretty large target for cost reduction and they've closed a number of branches. So unfortunately, that's out of our control. We have a strategy to do I think exactly what you are alluding to which is expand around that relationship. So Liberbank was one example; that acquisition was last year. And Portugal which is not closed obviously not Spain. But it would be the same management team that would look after it. Again, that one has been announced; it's not yet closed. And we continue to be active in the market. But Santander, it's a great team there. It's a very good relationship. It's the biggest bank in Spain. So we're unfortunately going to have to weather the storm I guess so-to-speak through their migration or consolidation and we will remain active looking for other relationships in the market.
Jim Kelly: Okay. So I think Kevin has covered on Spain or specifically the Popular Santander situation. In terms of EuroBic, there's no headwind on EuroBic. That's all going to be tailwind. So it's a back book. We're going to buy half of the back book so there'll be immediate revenue coming in once that transaction closes. We are I guess aggressively pressing both the regulator to the extent we can do that but more the bank to finish off what's necessary. It took us almost a year to close Popular years ago when we first bought that business. So it's not unprecedented that they take this long. It's longer than I had originally expected; and that's why we updated the expectations. So that's a positive. And from a revenue standpoint, Bci as well is going to be very favorable. I think the component is how much cost do we have to spend to attain that revenue? The referrals are going to come in from the financial institution. The only cost will really be the sales piece because the back office is really just going to be spread over the Mexican business. In our company there'll be some charges but that's not something that you would otherwise see. But as I said earlier standing up a sales force hiring a sales force they'll get paid ahead of the revenue. Our revenue comes in transaction-by-transaction so it builds over time. So I would expect over a two-year time period we should see a breakeven. And as the business gets bigger and is more profitable, then we'll likely move some of the front-line customer service to Chile, even though culturally language wise it's a very good match. Still people like to talk at least if they have a customer service question to somebody in the country. But that's probably two to three years out and we wouldn't do that until the business was more than breakeven.
Jim Kelly: Okay. I'm not sure that they really changed from last year when we went public. We've been laser-focused on margins and I think we've exceeded our expectations of how much we could move margins up in a relatively short period of time from pre-IPO to where we are today. To some extent size matters, I think that's a place that size matters because more revenue spread over a fixed cost base or largely fixed cost base is going to drive margins up. So we are hyper focused on expansion .As I said earlier in markets that we're currently in South America as an example into new markets. Asia Pacific remains an area of interest. Many of us coming from Global were there when we set up the HSBC in 11 markets so we're very familiar with that region as well. So, as we get bigger not just through organic efforts but through acquisitions and not the acquisitions that you've really seen to-date, but more sizable acquisitions. I think you'll see the margin tick up more than the 50 to 75 basis points that we've historically been talking about. In terms of leverage, our interest is to continue to pay down the debt. We had said somewhere between two to three times that that would take time to get there. We're moving largely in that direction. But again, as we see opportunities, we're not going to forego the ability to move into a new market or expand into an existing market with a great bank partner or great opportunity. We'll just take a look at the capital structure at that time.
Kevin Hodges: Yeah. No. As we said on the call, we've introduced some cost efficiencies in the market already just the actions we've taken in last year. So yes, we're sort of seeing that steady as she goes as the EBITDA margin for the back half of the year.
Kevin Hodges: Yeah. So the 10% to 12% would be constant currency. The acquisitions kind of this year are impacting the overall growth by a few percentage points, but those will annualize in the second half of the year. We're not anticipating in the guidance kind of the acquisitions that have not closed. So, Chile is not in there. Portugal's not in there. And I think to your first question about why not raise in guidance I think it's for the reasons we called out. It's really Spain. We wanted to make sure that we were giving you all some color around some of the headwinds that we're seeing in Spain with the bank's consolidation efforts. As we called out the 75 basis points to 100 basis points that we see in the back half of the year really related to just lower merchant referrals coming from the bank and higher attrition. The other markets are doing well.
Kevin Hodges: No. We, obviously, talked about what we've been seeing in Spain that most significantly impacts the revenue but drops into the EBITDA and the EPS as well. We sort of called out the color on revenue because we do have -- we're trying to make up the difference on the EBITDA side. And so we've got the teams kind of putting in place some initiatives there. And then just on the EPS side, we do have the impact of the April follow-on offering, increase in number of shares. You would have seen not going from Q1 to Q2. That, obviously, continues for the rest of the year. And then we do get some benefit from the lower depreciation just as a result of the lower CapEx that we've been seeing, the first half of the year.
Kevin Hodges: Yes. So as far as, yes, it's sustainable. So what we've seen this year is lower CapEx compared to 2018 largely around point-of-sale terminals. We spent a lot of money last year in CapEx $50 million nearly, $50 million CapEx really around some key initiatives to develop the cashless initiative in Poland. Now that it's annualized, it's more regular. We don't have to make as large of an investment this year, just in terminal purchases. And then we've also just seen lower terminal requirements needed in some of our other international markets. Outside of CapEx or outside of point-of-sale terminals, we've also annualized some of the IT investments that we made last year particularly in the second quarter of last year in North America. We haven't needed to repeat those in 2019. So we've been tracking more a new run rate of CapEx. I think our Q2 CapEx was pretty close to what we spent in Q1 and we're sort of anticipating that for the remainder of the year as well.
Brendan Tansill: Yeah. Thanks. Good question. And this is Brendan Tansill here. So as it relates to Chile, what we saw out of Bci is relatively typical for a bank that's evaluating -- establishing a partnership from an international acquirer like an EVO. So they engaged a third-party consultancy and ran an RFP. It was sent out for bid. And for bid there was no consideration paid because there was no back book of merchants as Jim mentioned. But it was bid to the extent that we had to go down there present our capabilities. We had to spend a considerable amount of time with the senior management of the bank to ensure social and cultural and strategic alignment. There was some reverse due diligence of our facilities here in the U.S. So we hosted them at, at least two of our facilities here to get them comfortable with how we operate our business here domestically. And then after a number of discussions with them around how we would envision the joint venture operating and how we would envision the governance working, they ultimately selected us as their partner. And the only real work to do after that is to execute a contract that we call Marketing Alliance Agreement, which is the document, by which our two organizations align themselves. And then I guess the Shareholders Agreement as well. As we've been clear we own 50.1% and they own 49.9%. So that was the selection process. As it relates to ramping, there's still regulatory approval to be achieved. So we would expect that to come sometime here in the fall. That's about as specific as they've been with us, so it's as specific as we can be with you. And then I think in my comments, in the earlier portion of the call, I made reference to our experience in Ireland. And I think it's highly germane here because the two efforts are remarkably similar. While we're entering a new market where we don't have capabilities prior to our partnership, in Ireland it took us -- we experienced very rapid growth and four years in we're at 25% market share. And that's a market, which is really a duopoly from a banking perspective with Allied Irish Bank and Bank of Ireland being the two large financial institutions each with roughly 40% share. So our 25% share I think still has room to go in Ireland. And I would expect that our acquiring share in Chile would similarly coalesce around the banking share of the bank if not surpass it. So the bank I believe is a 17% market share player and we would expect to get there in a relatively compressed timeframe. And then we would expect further that the market would continue to experience significant growth. As Jim mentioned transactions have grown each year for the last five years at roughly a 20% CAGR. So we think that the market has a long runway where if we can position the business appropriately, align our product and technology capabilities with the bank's distribution, but there's no reason why we can't be enormously successful. And then I guess the final question, I heard you ask was our entrance into the market vis-à-vis other parties. Again in the case of our competitors that have entered the market that's more of a processing relationship. So they're receiving a fee per transaction to process transactions. But they're not so much in the acquiring business where they're participating in the discount rate that is charged to merchants to provide the acquiring services. And we are more in the latter camp where we are processing. But we are processing as a means to an end. And that end is delivering a value proposition to the customer. So we ourselves are generating the customer relationship. We are maintaining that relationship and we are pricing the merchant to reflect the value that we're delivering and also the risk that that individual merchant presents to the company, to the joint venture. So while our business I think will undoubtedly result in some near-term operating losses as Jim highlighted in the answer to Tien-Tsin's question, we feel like our growth should be significant and the long-term profit opportunity is substantial.
Brendan Tansill: It's Brendan here. Thanks for the good question. So what you saw out of Mexico and North America transaction growth was we assumed the debit business for several of our largest corporate customers in the quarter. And that switch from an alternate provider to EVO's Mexico business resulted in very significant transaction growth.
Brendan Tansill: Hey. Gorge good morning. Its Brendan here and thanks for the good question. So what you saw out of Mexico and North America transaction growth was we assumed the debit business for several of our largest corporate customers, in the quarter. And that switch from an alternate provider to EVO's Mexico business, resulted in very significant transaction growth.
Brendan Tansill: And then switching to Mexico. It's Brendan again here. So the market is still largely controlled by banks. BBVA remains our number one competitor. And BBVA has been very clear both specific to Mexico and then across their portfolio of markets globally that they will continue to run acquiring as an in-house service. I would say the same. Global obviously just entered the market with HSBC. But HSBC is a smaller financial institution in the market. Where we see growth in Mexico is really around e-commerce and then of course ISVs. So on the e-commerce side as I've indicated to you guys in the past e-commerce today accounts for roughly 10% of our volume, but that grows at 50% a year. So it's small today, but it's exciting in terms of growth. And we see that growth as highly sustainable which is why we've made the technical investment to export our gateway capabilities from Europe to Mexico. And then similarly around the ISV piece, it's precisely why we made the acquisition and investment in SF Systems to bring the integration capabilities in-house. And as we said in the release there, it's not just the technology. It's also the personnel and the development capabilities to support additional integrations as new ISVs come to us. And so on my last visit to Mexico, it just so happened that we happened to be hosting the TouchBistro management team at our office as I walked through the front door. And we had the opportunity to connect a little bit about why TouchBistro and EVO happened to be partnering together. And I think that the team there felt comfortable with our focus on ISVs, the investment that we had made to acquire SF Systems. We've got a ring-fence sales force in Mexico, dedicated solely to the pursuit of new ISV relationships. So we feel like through -- focus through technical investment and capabilities that we can continue to take share in ISVs in the e-commerce piece and that the share shift that you see here in the U.S. from traditional direct acquiring with a terminal next to a cash register to a integrated solution and an online solution for omni-channel merchants that's where we can really see accelerated growth and take market share in the market.
