Paul Garcia: Happy New Year everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. For our fiscal 2010 second quarter we delivered solid financial performance with revenue growth of 12% to $409 million and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $.71 or 25% growth compared to last year. These results exclude our Money Transfer segment which we have classified as a discontinued operation. David will provide more detail on this in just a moment. We did get a lift from currency translation in the quarter; therefore from a constant currency perspective, second quarter revenue and EPS growth would be 11% and 20% respectively. Our North American Merchant Services revenue grew 10% for the quarter driven by a strong performance from our ISO channel as evidenced by U.S. transaction growth of 19%. Average ticket amounts were flat sequentially and down 9% from last year. This is actually encouraging, but it’s too early to determine whether this portends for a positive trend. Our Canadian business continues to be affected by overall macro economic conditions driving large national merchants to heavily discount merchandise and thus taking larger proportional share of transactions away from the small and mid size merchants that provide higher revenue and margins to us. This overall mix shift was partially offset in the quarter by a favorable Canadian currency exchange rate. International Merchant Services delivered revenue growth of 15% driven in part by excellent performance by United Card Services in Russia. Our U.K. business continues to execute well despite a macro environment and an unfavorable currency exchange rate compared to last year. Our Asia Pacific business grew 7% for the quarter and continues to take market share and gain scale. Though still experiencing softness due to the macro economic environment, we continue to anticipate full year revenue growth in the mid teens from that region. Finally, I am pleased to report that we are making solid progress towards closing the divestiture of our Money Transfer business and we hope the deal can be finalized in the March/April time frame. Now, here’s David to discuss the financial details.
Paul Garcia: Thanks David. Based on our current outlook for continuing operations, we expect 2010 annual revenue of $1,580 million to $1,615 million or 8% to 10% growth over fiscal 2009. Also, we are increasing our fiscal 2010 diluted EPS expectations to $2.35 to $2.46 reflecting 12% to 17% growth over fiscal 2009. Before we go to questions, I’d like to address the 8-K filed earlier this week that updated my employment agreement. This agreement commits me to a minimum of three and a half additional years and reflects the Board’s appreciation for our performance. I look forward to executing upon the many opportunities we have at Global Payments to expand our global presence and market reach, and I feel confident that we will deliver on these opportunities. I am excited about the future. Operator, we will now go to questions.
Paul Garcia: We’re primarily focused on merchant acquisition opportunities both domestically and internationally. We think that the international opportunities are more attractive just because of the growth dynamic, but there’s a number of attractive opportunities is the U.S. too that we’re pursuing. So the pipeline is pretty robust. It doesn’t mean that we wouldn’t be interested in a product or two that could complement that merchant acquisition strategy. And you’re right, we’re going to deploy that capital towards making some of these acquisitions and hopefully we’re very visibly working on them and hopefully we’ll have some things to discuss.
Paul Garcia: I can see your confusion because you’ve been conditioned to think about the U.S. presence is heavily driven by mid sized merchants and then of course our ISO strategy. We have a handful of big merchants, but we do have some. Canada is a portfolio that is much more balanced. We have mid sized, small, but we also have a large number of very big merchants. In fact, we had a successful quarter in signing lots of big merchants in Canada; eight fairly good sized merchants we signed last quarter. So we continue to add on to that portfolio. So when David is talking about these numbers, this isn’t the industry in total or Canada in total, these are our customers that we’re personally observing this.
Paul Garcia: We had some fairly atypical things happen that actually depressed our growth. We had a pretty good December, and we’re committed to double digit growth in that market. I think as we’ve discussed, personally on these calls, it isn’t so much about did we sign some more hotels or is there a drop off in tourism, that is part of the story for this. But this is still a fairly small business. The big emphasis is can we really grow this, and we’re convinced that we can and we will and the growth opportunities particularly for China and India are mind boggling. And so I would say stay tuned on Asia and hopefully we’ll be talking about some real meaningful numbers in the years to come from that region.
Paul Garcia: We’re hopeful, but actually I would phrase it a different way. To stay away from talking about specific quarters next year, we’re hoping to have a turn back toward growth in ’11, but let’s see how the rest of this shakes. Remember, what we’re going to have is renewals this year that will carry over into 2011, so when we get around to talking about ’11 on a full year basis, we’ll have a better picture as to whether or not we can overcome that with volume growth and/or new sales.
Paul Garcia: There weren’t any to speak of to the extent they were large. We probably would have put out an announcement but the base of ISO’s has been relatively stable for upward of four or five years. We’ll add from quarter to quarter, we’ll add a few ISO’s but they tend to be on the smaller side so they wouldn’t have that much impact either on the top or bottom line.
Paul Garcia: I think the story, if you went back five years on the ISO’s it’s been pretty similar. It’s a competitive market. There are a number of providers who provide services to this group like we do and I don’t see it changing. I haven’t seen it change dramatically. It’s competitive. It’s been competitive and I’m not expecting it to change.
Paul Garcia: We’d love to say yes but firstly a lot of the dance partners are taken. There are opportunities to get somebody to dump their current dance partner and we’re working very hard on that. I’m not going to give too much more color other than that is a great channel and we’re working very hard on looking for opportunities, and quite frankly we think we have a compelling story and maybe self servingly, but we think a better story than anybody for a bank partner.
Paul Garcia: That’s a tough one. I think the best predictor of future behavior is past. So our comfort level is typically in the small to medium size and I think there’s a large body of evidence that would suggest that the companies that do that typically have a better execution record. However, there are some wonderful opportunities out there and if they fit the criteria you set and we’re reasonably near term accretive, and fit what we wanted to do, then I think that we would stretch and get some things done. We have access to the capital markets. We have reasonably available lines and these things are self financing in many regards if they’re everything you just said and I just said. So I would say that I would guide you towards we’re looking at deals that are probably medium to small, but if an opportunity presents itself, we would absolutely go after it.
Paul Garcia: No, we really can’t. We don’t break that out. We try not to drill down too much in any one market. In this case, as you look at the face of the segment income statement and the segment revenues that we do by country, it’s obviously going to stand out and it’s worth making sure we talk about it, but I don’t know that we’re going to drill all the way down there. Certainly we call these national accounts are big enough so that if the volume shifts towards them with their lower spreads, they can move the meter a little bit on growth rates.
Paul Garcia: I’ll do that and I’ll let David answer the last part of the question about pricing initiatives as well. The Interac is, we are ready to roll with the Visa and MasterCard products; Interac of course being the competition and Interac driving 65% of our transactions are debit oriented in Canada today, and they’re all on Interac. So the question is does the Interac model change and what impact does Visa and MasterCard products have. All we can do is prepare our platforms to provide those services and we are at that place, and now we are waiting to see like the rest of the world. I would tell you that we really don’t have a clue what that’s going to mean. I think it will have an impact. I think it will be slower to build and I think it will be a bit of a tail wind going into the future, but it’s going to take a little while for us to really give you guys some clear guidance on that.
Paul Garcia: Yes. We do in a couple of different scenarios. We process in Beijing for Visa, MasterCard transactions. We have an idea what CUP transactions are. And your question was relative to both of them?Moshe Katri – Cowan & Co: Yes.
Paul Garcia: We’re not really going to give a forecast on CUP at this time, but when we get a little closer to having the ability to do just that, we will be sharing some data with you.  In terms of Visa and MasterCard, we know precisely by city. We have offices in 10 of them and we just don’t break it down to that kind of level as you understand.
Paul Garcia: We were talking about portfolios. We’re talking about bank portfolios. We’re talking about stand alone companies and we’re talking about companies that are in market niches that provide merchant acquisitions, so all of those categories.
Paul Garcia: I think you are seeing an up tick in available portfolios and I’m not exactly sure why that is. We are seeing it. I think your suggestion is as good as any. I think the economy has something to do with it, but we are indeed seeing more opportunities than we’ve seen in the last couple of years.
Paul Garcia: That’s absolutely correct. In fact last year we didn’t have a margin in Asia so we’re actually going to earn money there. So it’s increased by thousands of percent. We think overall that the margin in Asia will be accretive to our margin in the U.S. 
Paul Garcia: I think it implies it can get to them. Whether it exceeds them, let’s see how things shake. That really depends a lot on how fast we see the growth in early stage markets in Asia. It’s based on the size and we need to complete the conversions but I don’t think there’s any reason why it can’t continue to press forward.
Paul Garcia: I would say that there’s lots of rumors including some newspaper articles that I would say are inaccurate. They haven’t reached a conclusion to sell that to any one person at this point that I’m aware of, and we’re really not in a position to comment any further on it. I tell you I wish them a lot of luck with their transaction. But if it does change hands and it goes to someone who competes with us, I think we’re very well positioned in all the markets that we’re in to compete aggressively with them. One of the reasons they want to sell the asset is they’re looking at a huge investment of hundreds of millions of pounds to bring up their infrastructure. So they’ve got some work to do.
Paul Garcia: I’ll add something too. Although we really do like our position and we think that we are better situated than anybody in that market and we think we’re adding market share faster than anybody in that market. It isn’t like RBS and Barclay’s are laying down either. So we still have to win business every day.
Paul Garcia: Thank you and thank all of you for joining us on today’s call. Happy New Year and we appreciate your support of Global Payments.
David Mangum: Thanks Paul. I’ll review currency trends, operating margins, balance sheet, cash flow and financial statement presentations. During the second quarter the dollar weakened against the Canadian dollar but actually strengthened against the British Pound and although our revenue and earnings expectations allow for some additional weakening at the margin, it would not surprise us to see the U.S. dollar strengthen a bit from current levels. We believe our expectations accommodate this possible range of outcomes, but any fluctuations in currency rates, of course may cause variances to our outlook. From a constant currency perspective, the overall weakened U.S. dollar added about $4.5 million of revenue or 1% of growth and $0.03 per share or 5% of growth to our second quarter results. Total company operating margins from continuing operations for the second quarter were about what we expected at 21.7%, up from 21.3% last year. On a year over year basis, North America margins were affected by the difficult Canadian revenue mix Paul discussed earlier, partially offset by currency exchange rate benefits. International Merchant Services margins benefited from continued solid performance in the United Kingdom and Asia Pacific. In Asia, we expect revenue growth to return to the mid teens in the third quarter.  We continue to see the opportunity for modestly expanding total company margins for the full year, but the revenue mix situation in Canada may make this more challenging to achieve.  We reported an effective tax rate for the quarter of 29% due to some international tax initiatives that bore fruit during the quarter. We now expect our full year fiscal 2010 effective tax rate to fall between 31% and 32%. Our share count for the second quarter was up to 82.2 million due to recent performance in our share price. For modeling purposes, we suggest you assume about 83 million shares for each of the third and fourth quarters for full year average share count of about 82.5 million. This will likely have a negative effect on 2010 earnings per share of about $0.01 compared to previous assumptions. Similar to last quarter, we have total cash and cash equivalents of about $1 billion due to the quarter ending on a Monday. In fact, our total available cash at the end of the quarter was a little over $200 million. Now relative to cash earnings, amortization expense for continued operations after non controlling interest for the second quarter totaled $7.2 million and we expect about $29 million in total for the full year. Please note that amortization will fluctuate over the course of the year due to currency translation. In the discontinued operations presentation, you will see some one time charges and tax benefits associated with the divestiture and we expect to record some modest additional charges when we close the transaction. This quarter, we recorded non cash pre tax divestiture related charges of $15.9 million offset by tax benefits of $18.8 million. The combination actually increased our diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations by over $0.03 this quarter. Please note that these divestiture charges were not included in our earning expectation for Money Transfer for fiscal 2010. Our full year outlook for diluted earnings per share from discontinued operations for Money Transfer included about $0.12 from Money Transfer. For the second quarter, excluding these divestiture related items, diluted earnings per share from Money Transfer would have been about $0.025. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Paul
David Mangum: That’s a great question. I think if you look at international margins, as we go through the rest of the year, they can actually continue to tick up. They’ll obviously be down in Q4, just based on the way we’ve described seasonality and if you kind of compare even just the consensus, Q3 is the piece of the year when the consensus model is probably going to be the biggest change to match what we’re talking about. So you might have the margins international dip down in Q3 and then come back again in Q4, so they’ll match the pattern of the business, but they will actually continue to expand longer term and they’re doing what we hoped they will do over the course of the full year.
David Mangum: Fair question. If you pull apart the pieces and the way we’ve thought about North America this year is, we’re hoping for a year of sort of stabilization in the margin and the margin decline as you’ve seen historically. So while we expect North America margins on a full year basis to drop maybe a couple of points from last year, that implies that we actually are growing EBIT in both markets; U.S. and Canada for total EBIT growth overall. It also implies that despite seeing problems in gaming in terms of volume etc., we are doing a better job of matching investment levels and expense levels overall to revenue growth. The piece we can’t control as you properly pointed out is the mix of ISO business. It’s clearly the fastest growing, but I would not discount the growth and the positive sales success we’re seeing in the more profitable direct business, while not huge, it is a nicely profitable business and is growing nicely with a fairly solid sales track record as we exited ’09 into 10. And then all in, Canada is still quite profitable. We’re just not seeing what we hoped for there in terms of a real up tick in margin. The real thing we think we’ll see in Canada quite honestly, comes in Q3 and Q4. This sort of recent trend of the large retailers we have in Canada apparently taking more share in terms of the total percentage of proportion of transactions, really is just kind of coming into the fore as we exit Q2 and head into Q3 and Q4.
David Mangum: So when we say within just our customers, you’re talking about within that base, a couple of our larger big box retailers, the proportion of transactions we have attributed to that sub set of customers is higher now than it was two months ago, three months ago, four months ago. So that’s really the delta. The overall transaction growth frankly for Canada is about flat for the quarter on a year over year basis, so thus you sort of have this situation where that trend can exacerbate the fact that we’re roughly flat in terms of transactions, hence a more material impact than if we were growing X percent or Y percent.
David Mangum: Exactly right. The larger customers by definition come in at a lower spread hence you end up at the lower margin overall, which is the impact that you’re seeing from Canada.
David Mangum: It’s a great question. It’s tough to see what the trend is per se. I would say December was a lot like November so hopefully we did find bottom and we’ll have to watch January and February to really see if that bears out.
David Mangum: I think if you’re going to think about transaction growth going forward, mid to high teens is a safe place to think about it. 20% I think of as an anomaly. 19% is a nice strong quarter. Hopefully that’s on the way to a trend, but at the end of the day mid to high teens and let’s see how it goes. The toughest thing about all of this is everyone of these conversations tonight is sort of the elephant in the room; what does the macro to for this or to this, and that’s a tough one to pin down. If you think about the pieces of the 19% transaction becoming 15% revenue growth, and to your point, last quarter’s differential was about 11 points, we did see average ticket stabilize a bit this quarter as compared to last quarter. So on a sequential basis, which obviously helps, we have a little bit of revenue coming in from Auction Pay.  As I mentioned on an earlier question, our indirect business, small as it is, is actually performing well and helping sort of offset that. We didn’t see the exact same quarterly performance last quarter from the indirect business. And then a little help with the margin from some of the October pricing changes from the Association, probably all in, that explains the pieces. It probably shouldn’t surprise you to see that range between four or eight or nine points in any given quarter.
David Mangum: As you know there are a couple of different ways to look at our tax rates, so I’m speaking to the effective rate you quoted at 27% which is probably the P&L rate. Either way, the dynamic in the delta is roughly the same. So on an effective rate basis, we posted at about 31.5% in Q1, turned around and posted 29% in Q2. The bulk of that difference is really due to we actually had a reserve for a certain statute in one geography, and that statute expired so we could actually just bring the reserve back into our books. So that created kind of a one time benefit this quarter. As we look out for the rest of the year, we’re probably looking at 32.5% or thereabouts for Q3 and Q4 on the way to a full year rate that I talked about earlier on the call of between 31% and 32%. If you’re looking at the face of the P&L, use those same sort of trends I described to build your model for what Q3 and Q4 would be. In other words, you quoted 17% which is a point or two lower than our effective rate. Apply the same logic to 32.5% I quoted for Q3 and Q4. One last follow-up to your earlier question I think relative to a note in the market about us losing an ISO, there hasn’t been any large ISO losses. We do lose small ones from time to time. There was probably a mid sized one that we had a piece of the business. I can think of two instances where we had a piece of the business, somebody else had a piece of the business, and they tend to when they do leave, oftentimes in the case of this one ISO, they sold their business off to another ISO and we may not see as much of the new business but we keep the base. It’s not in all cases, but it one I can think of and obviously in the note I saw wasn’t referencing them specifically, but there hasn’t been a dramatic impact to the base.
David Mangum: The planned specifics as you guys will recall are for the U.S. migration to be effective the summer, perhaps early fall of 2010 so first quarter thereabout of fiscal 2011 for us with Canada and the U.K. to follow. More color on that in the next couple of quarters of calls just in terms of the roll out particularly in terms of the subsequent markets and the timing specifically for the subsequent markets. Now in terms of the actual financial implications, I don’t think we’re going to put a lot of final point on what we expect right now. We’ll clearly as we head deeper into the U.S. migration, be in a position to provide more color on our Q3 call and obviously more color and more meat on the bone in Q4 and we head into ’11 when we expect to see actual financial implications for the migration. In terms of what we reinvest, I think we’ll take that one on when we get more specific about the numbers. All in that will be facts and circumstances and a decision we make at that time, but we’ll reserve a little bit of judgment for that time. But a lot more to come as you know and we’re just happy to be executing as well as we are on the schedule right now.
David Mangum: Maybe to add a little more color to the capital structure portion of the question, we sit right now at about one turn or so of EBITDA and we de-lever pretty quickly. We generate a fair amount of cash flow, something that we talked about before. We’d love to talk a little more with you guys about as we get a little deeper into how we go through free cash flow and EBITDA but at the end of the day, we could certainly be comfortable with two to three times EBITDA, two to three turns for the right character deals as Paul was just describing.
David Mangum: At the end of the day not only is it going to flow back out, it flew back out. All joking aside, the available cash we have is a little over $200 million. That the check we could write tomorrow if Paul found a $200 million dollar deal he was describing earlier. There’s a little bit more of our earned cash that we put towards working capital, the management reserves and some of the merchant relationships. So probably the right way to look at that number is to take $.5 billion or even as much as $600 million out of that number. If you look back at previous quarter ends when we didn’t end on a Monday, and there you get more of a normalized view of where cash ought to be. But the $1 billion is absolutely illusory.
David Mangum: I’m glad you asked that question, so if I gave you that impression I apologize. When I was talking about Russia, actually let’s go back for a second. Russia continues to execute very well and is outperforming our expectations for this year. So it’s a great part of the story right now, and obviously as you know, we bought Russia for what it can help us deliver over the next two, three, four, five years more than Q2 or Q3 of this year. As we go into Q3, what we’re leaning as we operate the business and learn more about the market, is Q3 is a seasonally light year in Russia. So it’s not that it’s going to be weak. It’s actually just going to be seasonally light the same way that we expect that from the U.S. and we’ve learned the U.K. last year as well. It’s sort of making Q3 all in, a sequentially seasonally challenging quarter for us. But Russia is performing very well. You just go to the calendar. What goes on in Russia, they have a happy January and a lot less transactions over the course of what is our Q3, that December through February period.
David Mangum: I personally think Asia can exceed. I think it’s a dynamic market. It’s a faster growing market. But you know, I’m not going to give you time frames on that. That could be years and years.
David Mangum: No, I did not. Once we started fiscal ’10 with a full year under our belts, I did not. I stopped calling it out. I can tell you as we look at the full year, you think of how we talked about the models for ’10 we are looking to see mid single digit growth overall from the U.K. You’ll recall last year it was doing on the order of $50 million to $55 million U.S. a quarter.
David Mangum: A lot of it is price as you might expect. This is a market that’s going to be a low single digit, may mid single digit in healthy economic circumstance. So it’s a combination of a little bit of volume, a fair amount of price, but also I think of these as separate, you may not, it’s sales success bringing in new volume. So rather than call it same store sales volume growth, it’s a matter of we really think we’re executing well in that market. To Jim and Paul’s point a moment ago on a completely different topic, we’re executing well. The sales force as we’ve discussed before is in place and doing a pretty solid job bringing in new volume as well to help us grow a shade above what that market can grow on a normalized basis in better macro environment.
David Mangum: That’s really the key. You’ll recall the first year was a really heavy hiring and training year and it’s as we get to the middle of this year, we’re hoping to see productive new sales people and then we can be more targeted in the addition that Jim’s talking about.
David Mangum: I’ll try the first part and pass it over to Jim for the second part. Without commenting specifically on your quantification which I really don’t think we’ll address, there’s enough national account volume to move the meter in Canada such that you can see the growth trend turns. In other words, we started out this year talking as you were doing your model for 2010 thinking about mid single digit revenue growth in Canada. Now what we’re seeing is probably low single digits for the full year including help from FX. So that probably gives you enough of a sense to know that this sort of mix shift can be decent size and will given the relative contribution of our Canadian operation, have an impact on the earnings line, again, not commenting specifically on the number you quantified. And it will have more of an effect in the February quarter. So at 50,000 feet the way you’re thinking about it makes sense and your assumptions make sense, again without necessarily commenting on the number itself you quoted.
Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I wanted to ask a little bit more about Canada. Is the situation that you’re seeing within your portfolio mix was big box retail that you service or is it, I’m just trying to understand what’s going on exactly with the mix and how that influences your business, and maybe if you could give us the volume or the transaction growth in the quarter that would be helpful.
Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan: So where you’ve seen December, maybe a little bit of January, can you give us some idea of what point did it bottom out in terms of the mix change? Is it getting worse? Is it stabilizing? Just so we can model it through.
Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan: In Asia Pac, what’s sort of driving your confidence there that growth rate will accelerate back into the mid teens.
James Kelly: I’ll start with the commentary color on the progress of the rollout and David can cover the second part of your question. Just to refresh everybody’s understanding, we’ve converted both to our front end and to our back end the G2 is the front end and our system is our back end. All of our Asia businesses that been converted which is seven, and that was completed over the summer. So the savings associated with those are already reflected in the financials and will be in the guidance that Paul and David provide. At the same time as we’ve worked on the Asia market, we have been actively working on the U.S. and we are almost through our beta here in the U.S. We have a number of merchants up and on the system to validate we are where we are expecting to be and I would tell you that we feel very confident that the plan is meeting its objective and we anticipate more color on that coming by the end of this year.
James Kelly: I’d also point out that relative to the U.S. where Paul mentioned earlier, we’re more a mid market focus. While we do have a number of billion dollar plus accounts here, that’s not enough to distort the overall U.S. mix. But in Canada, from the time we made the acquisition in ’01 and forward, it has always had a pretty good concentration of larger retailers, the largest supermarket chain being one example. Not that that’s a big box, but it’s a large piece of our business and to the extent that gets a bigger part of the share, the margins on those businesses are substantially different than a small or mid size store.[James Casine – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch]: I know it’s not that big but you mentioned that Russia was weak. I know it’s a recent acquisition, so maybe an update there.
James Kelly: I would add that we have a really solid team that has executed. We’ve owned the business well over a year now and we’re well down the path of a conversion, moving that onto our system. So I think we’ll be well positioned regardless of who is the ultimate owner.
James Kelly: If you think of the English economy, I don’t know how anyone could assume anything different. I agree with you. But remember as well, we’re only 17% to 18% of the market. We have the opportunity to gain market share even in a flat market.
James Kelly: I think as long as have referrals to the sales group, we’ll continue to invest in sales in any market. So I don’t see the U.K. ending in terms of adding resources. It may not grow at the rate that we did in the first year, but we will definitely fill in as opportunities present themselves.
James Kelly: In terms of the roll out, the host was done the last year, the host being the processing/authorization system, and what we’ve been working toward is enabling our terminals that we own and rent to our customers. So these are the small to mid sized customers that have now been enabled to accept the cards, and the pricing has already been developed and rolled out to our customers as well.
