Paul Todd: Yes. So Bryan, this is Paul. As it relates to the margin, I’d say a couple of things. One, obviously, we’re very pleased to have the margin expansion at the 300 basis point level that we had in Q1. So that kind of gives you a run rate of where we were at from a total quarter standpoint. The second thing I’d point to is these additional cost takeouts. And if you kind of look at that on a year-over-year basis, you could see that that’s roughly about 6.5% or so if you took that 100 million per quarter and clip those in the quarters, that would kind of give you the first addition there that you would make on what we would do on the margin side. And then last, as you just kind of make your assumptions as it relates to what volume would do from a revenue side and kind of the incremental kind of cost there, you could just try to take those margins and kind of play through the various businesses. And that would give you kind of the margin picture you were looking for. You are right in the sense that 2Q, particularly in light of the recovery in volumes that we’re seeing, would be the trough from a margin standpoint. But we certainly are moving into this quarter here in a very strong position with the cost initiatives that we already have in place.
Paul Todd: Yes. The only thing I would add, David, is the Truist win, obviously, is huge. We talked for several quarters now around the robust pipeline in issuing. And this is just another market test around the superiority of our platform and the success that we’ve had in winning those kind of pipeline opportunities. And so I think that’s point one. The second point on capital allocation. The only thing I would just add is none of the priorities on capital allocation has changed. And so obviously, what we’re doing from a dividend standpoint, we are – we have built up a little bit more cash. As I commented in my prepared remarks, but no change on the capital priority standpoint.
Paul Todd: Yes. And the only thing I would add on to that is, if you look at it from a margin standpoint, the cost actions that we took, we were on the front foot of this to move quickly as it relates to the cost actions. And if you even look at first quarter, the majority of the margin expansion came from our Issuer Solutions business, which also has a defensive aspect to it from a revenue standpoint. So as we go throughout the quarters, throughout the rest of this year, you’ll see margin expansion in issuer, you’ll see margin expansion in business and consumer. And we’re going to continue to kind of manage the margin, as Jeff said earlier around the dynamics of the recovery, but we’ve already laid out a very aggressive and implemented plan around margin expansion that positions us well for this environment.
Jeff Sloan: And I’d say, on your second question, Bryan, about the $400 million and the – how it looks going forward, I would say probably about half that, call it, about $200 million, I would say our permanent ongoing reductions. The other $200 million are really things that we’ve done like salary reductions and everything else in light of the virus. Having said that, though, if we were to face a situation where things didn’t continue to improve, obviously, we would do other things to get back to the $400 million in the first place. So I believe at the end of the day, it’s going to depend on what we see. As Paul mentioned, we continue to see stabilization and improvement in the volumes. But if we don’t continue to see that, then I’m confident that we’ll take other actions to return to the $400 million in the first place.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. I’ll start then I’ll ask Cameron to join in, of course, as well. So I would say that we’ve already seen stabilization in April. As we mentioned in the press release and Paul commented on and we’ve seen kind of continuing improvement by week really throughout April into early May. So I think the answer is, we like the trends that we’re seeing in terms of improvement. It’s kind of too early to say really what the permanent impact is going to be. But we have seen through the end of April and early May continuing improvement, and that’s obviously very good to see. As we also said in our prepared comments, Bryan, in those markets that were a bit ahead of the United States like in Continental Europe, for example, that have reopened earlier than some of the states in the United States, we’ve seen pretty significant improvement in those markets as well. So while I’d say it’s too early to tell what the long-term impact really is, we do like the sequential improvement that we’ve been experiencing.
Jeff Sloan: I want to add to what Paul said, David, because it’s important, it was in our prepared remarks, I want to point it out. So we also think our agreement with Scotiabank was really important, one of the last remaining banks in Canada that was on an in-sourced model basis. We did have other business with Scotiabank in markets like Latin America, but we did not. They did it around – in Canada. I want to point out how important that is and what a great win that was, back to Paul’s point, about backlog in issuing for our teams.
Jeff Sloan: And I think Cameron is exactly right, Andrew. This is an area, as referred to our remarks, where I really think we’re going to pick up incremental share. I think our products are fantastic. As I said last quarter, we invested $50 million, 5-0 million, of capital in Xenial to bring it into production and commercialization. It’s there today. We expect to have thousands of locations up and running. We have many day that by the end of this quarter, we really couldn’t be more pleased. And I do think if you look at some of the fintechs or small private companies that raised a lot of capital over the last couple of years in that space, they have already announced massive layoffs and weren’t profitable in the first place in a good economic environment, that’s kind of what we were referring to in our prepared remarks when we talked about gaining share coming through the crisis.
Jeff Sloan: Well, listen, I think at the end of the day, I think Truist said this at the time of their merger, the scale required for technology investing, whether you’re a financial services company or a fintech start or whatever it is, that bar is only going up. So I think the idea of trying to find the best in-market provider for all these things, which we believe and hope and this also validates that we are, I don’t think the idea is going away. I think the idea is really gaining steam on the technology side. So I think this is a continuation of the trend. Go back to what I said to David in a minute ago, look at Scotiabank. So Scotiabank in Canada, as I mentioned, had insourced their business for many years on the consumer and commercial side that was a very significant win for a business. And here is somebody who insource Truist that is already outsourced. But here’s somebody who insource who decided to go outsource is probably one of the last remaining large Canadian financial institutions to do that. As Paul said, our pipeline is very full, and it’s full in the mix of things kind of globally. So I do think you’ll see ongoing outsourcing as the scale and technology required to compete effectively when that business goes up. We’ll be making more announcements probably in our second quarter call in July and August about the investments we’re making in cloud-based technology on – in our issuer business and I think that will just give you a taste as to what the complexity is and what the value is for providing market-leading solutions to the most complicated customers.
Jeff Sloan: I’ll add to what Cameron said before I go into the time line special, Ramsey, that just in our general payments business, only 3% to 5% of revenue in a given year is what is sold in that year and recognized in that year. So I think you have to keep it in perspective, most of what we’re selling has relatively little economic impact in that year and instead it carries over, obviously, into the following year. As it relates to extended time lines, it just depends on the business. Clearly, the Truist decision, the Scotiabank decision and issuer, those I don’t expect to be impacted. Truist has goals coming out of its merger. And this time line is that competitive takeaway started well before the virus. That time line has not changed in terms of what their goals are. I’d say the same thing on Scotiabank. There are businesses though, of course, as Cameron mentioned, like enterprise QSR, certainly our plans heading into this year, we probably would have sold a lot more hardware, software and equipment this year. And my guess is a lot of the 26,000 franchisees of our restaurant brands international, just to pick one, my guess is some of those will be deferred as people are just uncertain about the economic environment. And that goes a little bit that obviously dovetails with what Cameron just said about what the new sales impact is. You kind of sold it, but they’re going to wait a little bit on CapEx spending just to make sure that the environment is stable. Conversely, though, you have businesses like our omni product in Xenial and our Xenial point-of-sale product where the demand is high enough for online ordering where that’s zooming ahead, which is why Cameron said, well in excess of what we assume. So undoubtedly, there’ll be some impact, but it’s really a tale of the vertical market and the geography that you’re talking about.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Darrin, I’ll start. I may have said this when we were together last time in terms of what a normal environment would look like. Obviously, we’re not in a normal environment today. So let’s just start with our software businesses. And by that, I really want to start with issuer first. So our issuer business, I think what we said and Paul can obviously provide additional color here, but if you go back to the last recession and if you – in 2008 and 2009, and if you exclude those financial institutions that went out of business, so they don’t – didn’t exist thereafter, our issuer business grew through the last recessionary environment. So if our long-term target is mid-single digits, let’s just call it 5%, to pick a round number, I would say 2% to 3% growth. So kind of call it 2.5% is what I would expect from issuer growth in a normal recessionary environment, which is what Paul saw, I believe, in 2008 and 2009. Business and Consumer, we really haven’t had either company, TSYS or Global, going back to the recession. I do understand that Netspend did grow substantially through the last recession. But as you know, that market and that environment, obviously, today has changed. And in fact, as we said in our prepared comments, that business is doing very well in April, as you would imagine, with $1.2 billion of stimulus funds being used on groceries and pharmacies and essentials being used in April. That is going – that produced a very big number for that business label, right? So obviously, it’s not a normal environment is the plan we’re trying to make for that business. So it’s kind of harder to say on Netspend. So between issuer and Netspend, you’re talking about 35% of the revenue of the company. Now let’s pivot to merchant, which is two-thirds of the revenue of the business. Let’s start with our own software businesses, call it, by and large, about $800 million, $900 million of revenue or kind of thereabouts or about 10% of the company. I would say in a normal environment, those are pretty resilient. We have differences today. What are the differences? The difference today is that K-12 schools, a fantastic business for us. Software and payments, obviously, K-12 schools have been closed. So we haven’t had K-12 schools open for quite some time. Two-thirds of our revenue in our education, that K-12 is payment-based, the other third is pure software sales in that business. So obviously, this is a different ball of wax, to your point, than we’re used to. But in a normal recessionary environment, if that’s a term you want to use, that business is pretty well inflated. And of course, we all expect our kids to be back at school in August and for that to recover. Obviously, Cameron commented in our AMD business, very healthy today. I think he gave you numbers on that. Our university business, online or off-line, very healthy today. So I’d say in a normal recessionary environment, the $800 million to $900 million of own software revenue is very resilient. We already gave you commentary on – enterprise QSR is actually already hitting its sales today, right? And those are hardware and software sales. And then in our integrated business, it just depends on the vertical market. That’s the other piece of the business, call that 20%, plus or minus, 15%, 20% of revenue of the company. In an ordinary recession, going back to your question, people go to the dentist. They go to the chiropractor, they go to their health professional. They go to nail salons. They go to self-storage. So in a normal recessionary environment, that’s pretty protected as well. So when you bring that all together, I think what I said in our and at your conference is our normal model, call it, ballpark 10% organic constant currency revenue growth, plus or minus, because we say 9%, 11%, that probably adds up to call it 5% or whatever the math is in a normal recessionary environment. Obviously, that’s not the environment we’re in with K-12 schools closed and everything else that we’ve been describing on the call. But I would say ordinarily, we’re well into the mid-single digits in revenue, even in normal recessionary environment with the pieces I just gave you and well into the teams, if you compare it to our kind of typical 16% to 18% guide and earnings ex mergers, obviously, we’re doing better than that. As Paul articulated, we just produced 19% constant currency, obviously, with the virus for the first quarter. But in a normal environment, you’re well into teens on earnings as well. And that’s kind of what a normal recession looks like. And I think it’s similar to what I said in your conference last month.
Jeff Sloan: Yes. Tim, it’s Jeff. I’ll take a crack at that. So first of all, we’re delighted with our relationship with Citi. The U.S. and UK bins are live, those transactions are being piloted now and we’re very pleased with where we are. But if you take a step back for a second, we tried saying this in our prepared remarks, we’ve had a really good run in the first quarter and into April on e-comm omni. So the first thing I think I said in the prepared remarks is that was one of our best-performing business and up absolutely, I think, mid-single digits for the first quarter globally of 2020. That trend has continued into April. So worldwide ex T&E, and as Cameron said, only 2%, 3% of our company revenue-wise worldwide anywhere is in T&E. So we’re not really exposed there. But ex T&E, our e-comm omni business in April were up double digits, right around 10% for the month of April. So I think – and we gave a list in our prepared remarks, Cameron and I both did, of the wins that we’ve had in that business. So we’re really fortunate to be in the position we’re in. I think it’s showing in the first quarter, it’s showing in April. But importantly, I think as Visa and Mastercard called out and we did as well, I just think the virus and everything else is going to continue to shift toward further digitization of payments, further migration online. We gave a bunch of examples, Cameron and I did, in our prepared remarks about what’s going on with online ordering, digital wallets the rest. And while we’re not in the delivery business, we are integrated to all the delivery services. So I think you’re asking the right question. Those businesses have performed best for us in the first quarter and continue to perform that way worldwide into April.
Jeff Sloan: Well, on behalf of Global Payments, thank you very much for joining us this morning. Stay healthy and safe and have a great day.
Cameron Bready: Yes. Bryan, it’s Cameron. The only thing I would add to that is although our business skews towards SMB sort of globally, it’s not really micro merchant. So our average merchant processing volume is pretty healthy. As we’ve talked about historically, somewhere in that $0.5 billion a year – or excuse me, $0.5 million a year range or above. So if you look at the overall health of the portfolio, I think we’ll be generally in a pretty good place overall given the nature of the businesses that we typically serve around the globe size-wise.
Cameron Bready: Yes. I’d be happy to. I think we’re seeing the same level of success, Bryan, as you go into the mid-market and to the small end of the restaurant space as well, largely because, again, we compete on the basis of technology, not really competing on the basis of price. And to Jeff’s point, our ability to enable our restaurant customers, particularly the mid-market customers and former customers, to move to online order acceptance for delivery and take out quickly on the heels of the pandemic starting to spread here in the U.S. market, I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had 1,800 new restaurant customers on our online ordering platform, which in the Heartland channel has the same integrations that Jeff described with the major five delivery services in the U.S. market. So we’re actually seeing relatively good performance in our restaurant business overall, particularly if you compare it to the overall trends in the restaurant business in the market. I’ve seen market data around restaurants, in aggregate, including QSR mid-market and small kind of being down in the 50%, 60% range from a volume standpoint. We’re not seeing anything near that as it relates to the health of our restaurant business from a revenue matter. So I think we feel very good about how we’re positioned in that space. To Jeff’s point, the competitive landscape is shifting throughout this pandemic environment. And I think when we get to the other side of that, you’re going to continue to see us grow our position and grow market share with a very healthy restaurant business. Again, that’s leading with technology. And I think that’s the important differentiator for our business versus a number of the other competitors we face.
Cameron Bready: Hey, Ramsey, good morning. It’s Cameron. I’ll start maybe on the first side, and I’ll talk a little bit specifically about merchant. As you know, the sales cycle there is a little bit shorter than obviously in the issuing business. So it’s probably the one that’s most relevant to the question you’re asking. I would say, naturally, as you would expect, with our sales professionals working from home, with a lot of businesses closed or at least operating in a reduced environment during the pandemic, certainly, sales productivity has been impacted. What I would tell you is, overall, we’ve really been very pleased. And I would say even somewhat surprised with the level of productivity we’ve been able to achieve notwithstanding the pandemic. In our integrated business, I would say, new sales are running at about 80% of plan. In the last half of March and for the month of April in our relationship-led business, we’re somewhere in the 60% to 70% range of plan. So obviously, a little bit of an impact relative to what our budget expectations would have been. But I would say, quite frankly, very strong performance in the overall sales channels in all of our business throughout the pandemic. It’s amazing how resilient and adaptable our team members are who are on the frontline of sales every single day. They’re finding new ways to sell. We’re obviously emphasizing products that are most in-demand in the market that we’re in today, including, of course, in AdvancedMD telemedicine where our bookings were up 35% year-over-year in the first quarter. They were up 64% in April. So we are finding ways to win. We are finding ways to sell. We are keeping the business momentum going as best we can through this challenging environment. And I’d say we’ve been delighted with the success we’ve been able to have. I would say new sales across-the-board is one of the highlights that I would certainly want to focus on for our first quarter performance notwithstanding, obviously, the pandemic impacts. And I think that trend has continued in April, obviously, relative to what reasonable expectations would be in this environment.
Cameron Bready: No. Ramsey, it’s Cameron. I’ll touch on that. I’ll ask Paul to jump in if he adds anything to add as well. I would say, by and large, the revenue synergy expectations we had in the 2020 budget weren’t that significant to begin with. I would say the tactical synergies that we are working to execute against in the near term, things like selling Vital through the Heartland channel, cross-selling payroll into the legacy TSYS business, cross-selling our analytics and customer engagement platform into the legacy TSYS business, all of those initiatives remain very much on track. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we did roll out Vital into the Heartland channel in the first quarter, just as we said we would do. We’re bringing it to Canada on an earlier timeframe than we had originally anticipated. Now the second quarter versus the third quarter, a lot of the investments we continue to make in the business, notwithstanding the pandemic environment are really geared towards ensuring that we can cross-sell and deliver products across the distribution channels we operate, both in the U.S. market as well as internationally as well, which will yield future revenue synergies that are part of the plan. And then I would say the discussions that really, we believe, will be important to achieving the longer-term expectations, $125 million over the three-year time frame, all of those continue. The transaction optimization initiatives that we have and are pursuing with a number of our large partners outside of the U.S., those continue to progress notwithstanding the environment we’re operating in. Opportunities to cross-sell our issuing platform into our existing acquiring customer and partner base outside of the U.S. and vice versa, those conversations continue to persist as well. So I think sitting here today, the conclusion is we remain highly confident in our ability to achieve at least $125 million of revenue synergies within the three-year time frame we set out when we announced the merger last year. And I would say, importantly, we gain confidence every single day in – as it relates to the momentum we can build by collaborating and leveraging the broad base of products and capabilities that we have by virtue of the merger. I think the OpenEdge– excuse me, Global Payment Integrated example we gave in the prepared remarks as it relates to our ability to combine Cayan with the OpenEdge platform and Netspend to win a significantly large international, multinational software partner in that channel, that just gives you a flavor for the types of capabilities that we have today that really have come out of the merger.
