Cameron Bready: Yes James, this is Cameron. Good morning. I would say a couple things, and I think some of this was covered in Josh’s prepared remarks. First and foremost, July trends are tracking very consistent with what we’re seeing in--or what we saw, excuse me, in Q2, so I think our outlook for the balance of the year reflects a relatively stable macro environment - that’s our base case sitting here today.  I think the point we’re trying to emphasize, and some of this, quite frankly, is based on commentary we heard on the heels of Q1, is the range of outcomes that we’re reflecting in our guide will accommodate at the lower end some softening of the macro environment and some softening of consumer spend, should we see that. That’s not our base case today, but if things do soften in the back half of the year relative to where we are today, I think the guidance range that we propose today, even with the increase at the low end on both revenue and EPS, would still accommodate some modest slowdown in economic activity in the back half of the year, but that’s not our base case.  We’re expecting, and I think you’ve heard similar themes from others who have reported already, a relatively stable macro backdrop in the back half of the year, consistent with what we saw in Q2 and what we obviously saw in July as well.
Cameron Bready: Yes James, it’s Cameron. I think my perspective on that is really we’ve tried to be consistent over a relatively long period of time in pricing our solutions and services in a way that we think reflects the value that we’re delivering to our customers. Our philosophy around pricing, I think has been by and large more consistent over a longer period of time, perhaps, than relative to some of our peers. I think what we are seeing certainly in the market environment over the last certainly six to 12 months is some of our competitors obviously being a little more aggressive on taking price. With the inflationary environment we’re operating in, and obviously I think more pressure on revenue and producing profitability for some of the smaller fintech players, we have seen more pricing action, by and large, I think across the industry, which to me just creates, I think, a more constructive competitive environment in which we’re operating, and it’s probably more constructive than it has been in a few years. That gives me, I think, a lot of optimism and confidence about where we’re going as a business, and I think the pricing philosophies we’ve continued to utilize over a long period of time have served us well in terms of ensuring that we’re getting paid fairly for what we’re delivering to our clients, and we expect to continue to proceed with that as we move forward in time. Wouldn’t expect any material deviation from that, but obviously if the macro softens, we probably do have levers in our--more arrows in our quiver as it relates to continuing to optimize price in a way that would provide a little bit of tailwind for the business as well.
Cameron Bready: Ramsey, I’m sorry but we can’t hear you. I suggest that you maybe hop out of the queue and hop back in, because unfortunately we can’t really pick up anything that you’re saying. 
Cameron Bready: Yes Jason, good morning, it’s Cameron. Organic volume growth in the second quarter was roughly 9%, so EVO contributed roughly 11%, they contribute roughly 10-ish, 10.5% on top line revenue, and they contributed roughly 11% on volume, just in aggregate to the metrics for the quarter, so organic was around 9%. That includes a little bit of a headwind from fuel - I think you’ve heard other people talk about that, but in our portfolio, it’s a portion of our volume. It’s not a dramatic portion of the volume, but we did see a little bit of a headwind from that. So again, consistent with what I generally like to see, which is volume--organic volume growth and organic revenue growth generally tracking at a similar pace, which is obviously something we’re striving for in the business.  I would say the outlook in the back half around merchant organic will remain in that 9% to 10% range. We are not changing our outlook, and I have a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver on that 9% to 10%. We were north of 9% this quarter - to be very specific, we were around 9.25%. I think we have a few initiatives, kind of in the back half of the year, that give me confidence that certainly 9% is the low end of what our expectation would be around the merchant business, and there may be some potential for it to drift up closer to the 10%, but we’re sticking with the 9% to 10% for the time being.
Cameron Bready: Yes, thanks Jason. I would say absolutely B2B is in the mix as it relates to how we think about M&A in the future. Generally, just philosophically, obviously I want to use M&A as a lever to support all the pillars of our strategy. I think our primary focus is finding opportunities that we think really augment what it is we’re trying to accomplish across the different pillars of the strategy, and of course B2B is an important element of that. I do feel like sitting here today, we’re getting ourselves in a position where we have a more refined, more clear cut approach to how we want to pursue the B2B opportunities. I provided some commentary today in my prepared remarks about how we segment the B2B market, where we expect to play in B2B, and where we want to focus our efforts and attention in what is a large, diverse and, quite frankly, B2B means different things to different people, so. I thought it’s important to segment the market to provide clarity as to where we’re going to place our bets from a B2B perspective, and certainly I think M&A can help build out our tool kit to make us successful and position us for success, to be able to win across those three segments of what we think of as a broader B2B opportunity. But also, obviously I think M&A is a lever that we can utilize as we continue to pursue our software strategy in our merchant business, continue to find exposure to faster growth markets which creates, as I mentioned in my comments, some good secular tailwinds for the business, and obviously it’s a scale business, so continuing to look at opportunities to help augment scale and what it is we’re trying to accomplish is compelling as well.  As we get to the back half of the year and we get leverage back to our targeted ratio, certainly M&A comes back into focus for us, and it’s something that we expect to pursue in a disciplined fashion going forward. But I’ll just comment to close to say obviously that’s all got to be weighed against what the alternative uses of our capital is, and we need to make sure that the investments we’re making from an M&A standpoint are attractive from a return perspective relative to what else we could do with that capital.
Cameron Bready: Yes Darrin, it’s Cameron. I’ll go ahead and start. Look, I think the biggest strength we have in our portfolio is diversity of vertical market exposure. I think that has benefited us pretty meaningfully as we think about how we’re positioned from a volume perspective and why we’ve seen the strength in performance that we’ve seen for the business overall. That’s the first one I would make. The second point is we did decel a little bit relative to Q1, not dramatic and probably not as much as we saw with the networks and others, and I think part of the reason for that is we’re not that exposed to travel. I think the travel comps are difficult comps, and I think having to grow over those for others has been a bit of a headwind, and since we didn’t really benefit on the upside, which quite frankly we were asked why we weren’t quite growing at the same rate as Visa and MasterCard in these periods, now we’re not having that same headwind, although travel remains strong. The comps are tough, and obviously I think that’s putting a little bit of pressure on growth rates as well for those guys. I think it’s a little bit of mix, it’s diversity of distribution, and I think it’s ongoing consistent execution in our portfolios. Again, that gives me confidence that not only--you know, obviously that we produced strong results for the quarter, I think we’re well poised to continue to deliver on the expectations we have for the business for the balance of the year.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I really think it depends on the vertical, Darrin, to be honest. I’m somewhat ambivalent, quite frankly, as to whether we partner or whether we own. I think it largely boils down to the fundamentals of the vertical markets that we’re trying to target and which model do we think best positions us for success and growth and expansion in that market, and what are the opportunities available to us to either own or partner. It really is something that needs to be focused vertical by vertical and opportunity by opportunity. But as an overall strategic matter, I am somewhat ambivalent. We like owning software in certain vertical markets, but obviously the partner model has been a fantastic growth engine for this business and, I think, continues to have a lot of runway. You’re right - my focus on integrated today was very intentional, because I think it’s important to recognize why we’re different than other players in the market, why we’ve seen sustainable high rates of growth in that business and why we’re confident we’re going to continue to see sustainable high rates of growth in that business over a long period of time, and to try to draw a clear line of distinction between how we go about running our integrated business and how others in the market may be choosing to operate theirs. I’m very bullish long term on the partner model. As I said at the outset, I’m somewhat ambivalent as to whether we partner or own in a vertical market - again, it’s largely going to boil down to what opportunities are available and what do we think gives us the best path to growth and success in the verticals that we’re targeting.
Cameron Bready: Yes, I think it’s a fair question. I do think there will be some slight decoupling over time, but remember we’re not selling software just for the sake of selling software. We’re selling software in payments and monetizing payment flows as we’re selling software. That’s why I think, notwithstanding the heavy emphasis on software, which is the right strategy for our business, there is obviously an element of that that’s going to drive volume growth as we execute on the software strategy. Software takes three flavors, as I mentioned before, but it’s rare that we’re selling software into an environment now where we’re not selling and monetizing the payment flows around that. From my vantage point, yes, you can see some decoupling as we continue to add more value-added services to the portfolio, other things that aren’t directly linked to volume, but by and large as we’re selling software, it’s going to be linked to volume, and you should see relatively consistent trends as it relates to volume growth and software and, obviously, revenue growth in the business over a long period of time. But I do think it gives us, to your point, better visibility, better predictability around the business, and certainly it gives me a lot of confidence in the sustainability of the performance that we can achieve over a long period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, sure. It’s a good question, and it’s a model that we’re really proud of and we’re seeing a lot of traction on in the market. Not to be too cute, think about profac as all the gain and none of the pain for the ISV partner. They get all the benefits that they’re looking for as it relates to a payment facilitation model, as it relates to the boarding experience, the control that they have, the funding options on the back end, some of the spend back capabilities and virtual accounts that kind of come with a payment facilitation model, but they have none of the pain of everything that comes along with being a payment company, so think about that in the context of risk management and software to support risk management activities. It’s compliance and software to support AML, PCI, audits, those types of activities in the business. We’re doing the underwriting and on-boarding teams, and we’re utilizing our software to provide that for these customers, then they don’t have to manage their own charge-back and cash accounts to support charge-backs and liabilities, etc. Then of course reporting, they don’t have to invest in that capability. They’re buying that essentially from us, leveraging our capabilities. Think of it, as I said, quite simply as all the gain that ISVs perceive come from being payment facilitation businesses, without the pain of actually being a payments company, and that model, as I said, is really resonating because it’s really the best of both worlds. Mot payment facilitators don’t set out to become payment companies because they really desire to build all the infrastructure required to be a payments company. They want more control, they want a different on-boarding experience, and they want different back end capabilities from a settlement capability, etc., so I think it’s our model that really allows them to achieve that on economic terms that are advantageous for us and also beneficial for them, so it’s something that we think is really going to continue to grow in popularity in the market.
Cameron Bready: Yes, both good questions, Tien-tsin. On the vertical side, I would say it’s kind of across the board. I think we’re seeing good strength probably skewed right now towards non-discretionary spend verticals versus discretionary spend, but we’re seeing just great engagement with our partners, we’re seeing great lead flow into the business, and we’re seeing very strong conversion rates of lead flow to new merchant and new mid accounts for us, and I think I commented that mid account conversion was something up 33% year-over-year in the second quarter, so very strong just overall performance, I would say slightly skewed and much of our integrated business is skewed towards consumer non-discretionary, so I think that’s where we’re seeing obviously the strength in the overall portfolio as well.  As it relates to the different partner models that we operate, again we’re probably somewhat ambivalent. We’re really more focused on what’s the right model to meet the demands and requirements of the ISV partner, and there are plenty of situations where the right model for the ISV partner in terms of how they want to go to market and what it is they’re trying to accomplish is payment facilitation. There’s plenty of times when the right model for a partner really is direct integration, depending on, again, what it is they’re trying to accomplish, their objectives, their go-to-market strategies, etc. As I mentioned before, we think the profac model we rolled out this past quarter blends that in a way that works for some merchants but not all, so I think we’ve tried to structure each of those models where we’re somewhat economically neutral in terms of the overall net result for us, given the level of work that we’re doing to support a partner across those three models.  Obviously in a payment facilitation model, we’re not doing nearly as much work, so obviously we don’t have as much cost supporting that part of the business, and certainly in a direct integration model we’re doing a lot more work for the partner, and the economics need to reflect that so we can maintain, obviously, the margins in the business that we’re trying to achieve. As long as it’s structured the right way with the right partner, as I said before, we’re somewhat ambivalent. We want to make sure that the model itself is appropriate to accomplish the objectives for the ISV partner.
Cameron Bready: Yes, it’s a good question. I would say in our portfolio, we’ve seen generally consistent growth across direct integrated and payfac over the last couple of years, say. I, for one, don’t necessarily subscribe to the theory that, long term, all ISVs are going to become payfacs. Quite frankly, we have a number of ISVs in our portfolio that went the payfac route, determined it’s incredibly difficult to build the infrastructure to support a payments business, and have now come back towards either our profac model or even in some cases back to a just direct integrated model, abandoning the payfac approach entirely. My view long term is we’ll have a relatively balanced portfolio across those three channels. As I said in response to Tien-tsin’s question, there’s plenty of times when payment facilitation is the right model - I’m not trying to suggest it’s not a good model and not an appropriate solution for some ISVs, but it’s not the silver bullet that’s going to work for every ISV, so I expect to continue to see good growth across the three different operating models that we have within our integrated channel. I think the profac model, as I mentioned before, has a lot of merit and is resonating very nicely in the market, because as I said before, it delivers the best of both worlds, and I think the economics around that are going to be somewhat in between and also the costs that we have to support the model is somewhat in between what we have for a direct integrated partner and what we have for payfac partner. From my vantage point, again I’m somewhat ambivalent across where the growth is coming from in those channels. I think we’ve been able to execute on payfac relationships at margins that are still attractive for our business, so I have no qualms in continuing to grow the payfac side of the business. But I think you’ll see good growth across profac and direct integration as well over a longer period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, well let me start by saying we are a vertical specific ISV in our POS business, so we have a retail platform and we have a restaurant platform that we go to market with, with vertical fluency, with all the software you need to run a restaurant or run a retail environment at the point of sale, so that is our moat of competition in that space. We’re not a horizontal solution provider competing against vertically specific ISVs, we are a vertically specific ISV that owns our own software that we deliver through the point of sale system across restaurant and retail. I think that’s really why we’re seeing the growth that we’re seeing in that business. We have cloud-based software that is vertically fluent. I think our platforms are modern, they’re sleek, they’re well designed, we bring all the feature functionality that restaurants and smaller retail environments need to run their operations, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re rolling out our next generation version of that later this year, that we think is going to be an incremental catalyst to continue to grow and scale our point of sale business as we move forward in time. The nice thing about our point of sale business is we have multiple distribution channels now selling our point of sale platforms. We’re seeing good growth - you know, 20% plus, and that number has been pretty consistent over probably the last eight quarters. As it relates to the growth we’re able to achieve in that business, I’ll readily admit it’s off a relatively small base - that business today is a couple hundred million dollar revenue business, but we do think it continues to be, or will continue to be a catalyst for growth in the overall merchant business over a longer period of time.
Cameron Bready: Yes, maybe I’ll start, Bryan, and I’ll ask Josh to chime in with his perspectives as well. I am more excited about the opportunity, largely because as we’ve been able to spend more time with the individual businesses and we’ve been able to spend more time in the markets where EVO operates in, where we’re not overlapping at the time of the transaction, I think I’m just much more bullish the opportunity to be able to bring Global Payments’ capabilities to those markets to drive incremental growth in those businesses, to leverage some of the things that EVO has done well in those markets, but really amplify that and accelerate what they’re doing with better product, better capability, and better solutions. A few examples of that are really ecomm - I think by and large, EVO’s ecomm capabilities were not market leading by any stretch of the imagination. I think bringing our ecomm solutions into these markets, particularly markets like Poland and Greece, is going to be a very strong catalyst for growth in those individual markets. Point of sale opportunities are immense within their portfolio. EVO really provided by and large just payment solutions to merchants, they didn’t have a lot of other product and capabilities that they could bring to bear on the markets, so bringing more point of sale software into these markets is an attractive opportunity for growth, bringing some of our data and analytic capabilities and some of our other loyalty platforms into these markets, I think are excellent opportunities to augment growth. I think by and large, the opportunity to bring Global Payments product and capability to EVO markets is greater than I envisioned at the time that we announced the transaction, going on a year ago today.  I would say secondly, the embedded opportunity around some of the multinational customers that EVO has been able to win in discrete markets and the ability to expand relationships them in other markets, I think is a nice tailwind for growth for us as well, and I’m particularly excited about the ability to tap into some of those opportunities, again leveraging our UCP platform to deliver ubiquitous processing and acquiring capabilities to some of these larger customers in more markets, obviously, than EVO has been able to do historically. Then lastly, I think as we dug in further into the B2B opportunities and the software that EVO brings to bear, the relationships they’ve had, I think again we’re more bullish the opportunity to grow and scale the B2B side of the EVO business, more on the acceptance and AR solutions side of the B2B offering by, again, aligning that with capabilities that we have inside of Global Payments. I think streamlining the go-to-market around B2B, leading with those software solutions and obviously monetizing payments as a part of that sale, I think again end of day, there’s probably greater opportunities to grow and scale the B2B side of the business than I anticipated when we announced the transaction. That’s really on the revenue side. Maybe I’ll let Josh chime in and just give his perspectives on the expense side as well.
Cameron Bready: Yes, and I would just conclude, Bryan, by saying it’s still early in the transaction. We’re really only a quarter in, but we’ve got a pretty good track record of exceeding expectations that we set around synergies for these transactions, and sitting here today, I don’t have any reason to believe this won’t be another opportunity for us to do that. Obviously we’re sticking with our results--our expectations for now, but I’ve got a lot of confidence in our team and our ability to outperform over a longer period.
Cameron Bready: Yes, look - I’m certain other people are going to look to provide a similar type of model in the future. I do think one of the distinct sort of advantages we have is scale. I mean, there’s not many players out there that have over a billion dollars of revenue through a partner integrated hand hold. There’s not that many players that have the scale that we can bring to bear across the operating and compliance and regulatory management and software side of integrations, that I think we can bring to that equation. I think certainly the scale that we bring and the capability we bring is clearly one differentiating factor. I think the second differentiating factor is the number and the breadth of commerce enablement and other solutions that we can bring to bear on those relationships. I think that allows us to really think about revenue share and revenue splits differently. I think it allows us to drive better economic outcomes working with partners, and I think it allows our partners to have more attractive offerings for them to compete in the markets that they’re trying to serve as well. Then lastly, I would say support - the white glove support we offer, obviously the ISV support as well as the merchant support capabilities we can bring to bear on that channel are clearly differentiators for us relative to other integrated competitors, and again I think all of those are reasons we’ve been able to sustain growth rates in that business while certainly others in the marketplace have not been able to achieve quite those same levels over a longer period of time.
Cameron Bready: Thanks Bryan. With that, that concludes our Q2 earnings call this morning. I want to take a moment to thank all of you for joining us. We appreciate your interest in Global Payments, and we look forward to following up with you after the call. Have a great day, everyone. 
Josh Whipple: I would just add to that, James, I think if you think back to our quarterly color that we gave you on our February earnings call, I’d say that we’re still on track, as Cameron mentioned, and we’re still trending from a cadence perspective to go ahead and deliver those second half estimates in Q3 and Q4, which if you remember, it was revenue growth in the 8% to 9% range, margin expansion 100 basis points, and EPS growth of 9% to 10%, which gets you to kind of the full year guide of revenue growth of 7% to 8% and then margin expansion of up to 120 basis points and EPS growth of 11% to 12%. 
Josh Whipple: Yes, look - Ramsey, if you think back in Q1 and Q2, we saw really great margin expansion in the business, our issuer business. We saw 300 basis points of margin expansion here in Q2, and that’s really driven from our shift to more technology-enablement and really strong expense management. I think for the rest of the year, we would expect the growth to moderate as we expect margins to be in the high 46% range that we reported in Q2 as the comparison gets tougher and we lap the strong expansion that we realized in the second half of 2022. 
Josh Whipple: Yes, thanks Cameron. Look - what I would say is after the first 100 days, and I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re trending very, very well as it relates to synergies. We expect to go ahead and realize about $35 million in cost synergies in 2023, and I would say that we have very defined executable plans in place to go ahead and achieve the $125 million that said at the outset of the transaction, and I would say by the end of 2023, we’ll probably have 50% to two-thirds of those synergies executed on an annualized basis.  I couldn’t be more delighted just with regard to the overall integration and what we’ve achieved in the first 100 days. It speaks volumes to the team that we have here at Global Payments, so trending right in line with where we would expect it to be at this point in time. 
