David Mangum: Thank you, Paul. I plan to briefly review 2011 results, and then detail our fiscal 2012 expectations. During the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, currency changes benefited revenue and normalized earnings by $12 million and $0.04 per share, respectively. North America Merchant Services revenue grew 14% for the quarter, with U.S. revenue growth of 16% and U.S. transaction growth of 17%. Canada delivered local currency revenue growth of 2% for the quarter, with transaction growth of 1%. North America normalized operating income or EBIT dollars were up 7% for the quarter over prior year.  International revenue increased 49% for the quarter compared to last year, and operating margin increased to 27.6% compared to 25%. The elevated revenue growth was fueled by our Spain acquisition, while margin improvement reflects the successful U.K. migration and continued growth in Asia and Russia. For fiscal 2011, we reported $3.08 of cash earnings per share compared to $2.80 for a growth of 10% over prior year. Cash earnings exclude the impact of acquisition-related amortization, special and non-recurring charges, and their related tax effects.  We reported total cash and cash equivalents of about $1.4 billion at May 31. This balance is not representative of our actual cash available, as it results from our quarter ending after holiday weekend. Our total available cash at the end of the quarter was over $240 million. Finally, for fiscal 2011, we generated free cash flow of $303 million, representing 19% growth over last year. We defined free cash flow as net operating cash flows, excluding the impact of settlements, assets and obligations, less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests. During the year, we spent $99 million on capital expenditures and we anticipate our full year fiscal 2012 capital expenditures to be about $85 million to $90 million.  Turning now to our current expectations for FY 2012. For fiscal 2012, we plan to report our financial results on a GAAP basis and on a cash basis. Please refer to Schedule 10 in our earnings release for reconciliation of our GAAP and cash outlook for 2012. From a currency perspective, our outlook for fiscal 2012 assumes that over the course of the year, the U.S. dollar remains about constant against the Canadian dollar, and remains constant or slightly strengthens against the British pound, the euro, the Czech koruna and the Russian ruble. We believe the aggregate effect will likely be about neutral to slightly positive to our earnings per share in 2012 compared to 2011. Fluctuations and exchange rates of course may cause variances to our outlook.  For the U.S., we anticipate overall revenue growth to be in the low double-digit range for fiscal 2012. We expect strong performance from the ISO channel but perhaps a slightly slower overall growth rate given the sheer size of the channel, and solid growth from the rest of the U.S. In Canada, we expect local currency revenue to be about flat or grow in the low single-digit range.  In total, we expect cash operating margins to be down slightly in North America, driven by ISO growth. However, we again anticipate North America EBIT dollars to grow. In Europe, we expect revenue growth of over 25%, driven by the addition of Spain, solid U.K. growth, and growth fueled by continued card adoption in Russia. We anticipate our Asia Pacific business will grow in the low to midteens as we annualize the robust performance the business posted in fiscal 2011.  We expect overall International revenue growth in U.S. dollars to approach 25%. We expect International cash margins to expand considerably in 2012, due to ongoing scale benefits across the region. We expect corporate expenses to grow as we now operate a fully functional service center in the Philippines and increased investments in our technology infrastructure. We expect our Global Service Center to be about breakeven in 2012 and provide savings thereafter.  In terms of the sequence of 2012 quarterly earnings per share, we expect first quarter cash earnings per share to grow over Q1 of 2011, but to be down a bit sequentially compared to Q4 of fiscal 2011. As the strong singular performance we post in Q4 settles down and our tax rate increases a little. We expect strong cash earnings performance in both Q2 and Q4, with less earnings in Q3. Based on our present outlook and with our current assumptions, we expect total company cash operating margins to be flat to up as much as 30 basis points compared with our fiscal 2011 cash operating margin of 20.9%. All of our financial expectations exclude the impact of potential Durbin-related activities, but include the impact of our increasing investments in Brazil. For fiscal 2012, we expect both GAAP and cash effective tax rates to be about 30%. We expect our diluted share count to approach 82 million shares. And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul.
David Mangum: Darrin, I'll walk you through the pieces because the geography to which you pointed is actually one where everything moved forward in Q4 on a sequential basis, particularly on the revenue line. Not all of it translated necessarily into earnings. So you put your finger on the first side, in which is the full quarter of Spain, and you've already modeled a view of that as we said before sort of modestly cash accretive. And then on a normalized, the GAAP side, not so much. You also have a strong fourth quarter sequentially in Central Europe, couple of nice one-time service and software implementations there, strong quarter in Russia and a very strong international acquiring quarter in our U.K. business. And remember, international acquiring is that piece of the business that operates at a lower margin. And then you lay the impact of the back-end migration and some of the recast of the pricing on top of that. So the pieces that contributed really were not -- the majority of this is not the price at all. In fact it's a minority item on the list. So it's a nice piece that aids in sequential increase in earnings per share, when you watch things tick up over the quarter. But it's just 1 piece of a puzzle that when you take the total company earnings, progress in Canada, progress in the U.S., progress in Europe, et cetera, those pieces all come together. So I think, obviously, it's an excellent question and that you think you'd see a little bit more drop. When you break it down to the product lines and geographies themselves, the pieces don't come together in quite that way.
David Mangum: I think on a GAAP basis, Jason, you're going to find them ticking up a little bit as well, not wildly different from the type of numbers we're talking about for cash. So on the order of that 30 bps, could be a little bit less. Some of that's going to depend on the purchase accounting and amortization and what FX does there, and that creates a delta as you know. But generally, they track each other fairly well, kind of in all levels as we look at the rates, so the comparative rates, obviously the growth rate is higher in GAAP, given as we head into 2012, we no longer have the various carve outs we were dealing with in 2012.
David Mangum: I do. Jason, as I commented earlier, it is nascent. So I think we're waiting to see just as you are. I suspect though that we haven't heard the last from the card issuing community, including how many signature debit cards continue to be issued, and continued to be used by consumers. We don't know that. That's another piece of the equation. So I think there's a lot to be developed. I think there's some opportunities for the issuers here, you pointed to one of them. I think there's a requirement, that's the latter part of your statement that they're going to have to have dual bugs available. Therein lies, somewhat of an opportunity of course for the merchant acquirers. We have some opportunities to do something with that, not that I can comment a lot on that. But I think you follow that drift. So I think it's going to be a very interesting kind of year. And by the way, this isn't the last thing we're going to see here. I mean Durbin, I don't think hopefully, we'll see much more federal activity I mean at the federal level. But I think we'll see some non-legislative movements in all of these fees. I think that's a continuing trend. And that's, once again, a nice tail wind for all of us.
David Mangum: Julio, this is David, I think we're going to focus on fiscal '12 for this call and we'll come back to fiscal '13 and beyond. But do know that our comments earlier were directed -- we are trying to run the business for the long-term, as well as showing you how the assets of the business come together in the shorter term. But we're going to stick to 2012 on this call.
David Mangum: I will. That's exactly right, just maybe a little more color, Jim. You will see us routinely buying back stock, you'll see us balancing that based on the priorities Paul described. The first is, being able to expand our markets on a worldwide basis by deploying the capital for growth. In the absence of that, as we build cash balances and you'll recall, I think Jim that the majority of our cash balances are still abroad. So we won't be repatriating cash in order to initiate a buyback, we balance the growth opportunities against the building balances and frankly, eyeball to stock price and think about returns, then we will come back to you on that. But for the moment, our capital is set to be deployed for further growth opportunities. We think that's the right priority for the company as it stands right now, but we will be routinely back in the market as time goes on.
David Mangum: And Dave, it's David. If you build on that the reality of the market is such that with that level of competition and a little bit of introduction if Isis at the margin that we've discussed previously, sort of by definition, the very high contribution margins we see there, which as you know are before the full operational cost we service out of the U.S. for that business, will be ticking down. And what Jeff has described as the kind of execution levels we're looking for to be able to manage that tick down in the greater context to Global Payments, and we think we're in that situation right now.
David Mangum: Dave, I would say more of the latter than the former. It's a little -- it's different, it's quite different from what we saw in Canada. So the answer to the question to be clear is this was more an adjustment, not a pricing increase. We were guessing on interchange levels, we were estimating payments, I mean estimating charges. This is a sophisticated system that in many cases, actually does produce a lower charge for a merchant on a certain transaction. We think these are very sticky, we of course, watch that very carefully. Now, is the business competitive, highly, right? It's a highly competitive market. But I would say just as action itself, with Canada, we were a little more aggressive, and that did have an impact on how long one can enjoy that, that's not the case. This -- it was commented on earlier, you see U.K. kind of carrying through, it does. And U.K. benefit will continue to enjoy that, we believe for fiscal '12.
David Mangum: Tim, this is David. Right now, the investment is on sort of a run rate basis aren't materially different from what we described to you. They are incrementing up because we are working on multiple themes they want, in other words, we're bringing platforms forward, product forward as well, but they're not materially different from the trajectory. What we're talking about is annualizing the building run rate we've had over the course of fiscal 2011, and that's turning into the negative effect I described in Jim Kissane's question earlier. That's all pointing toward being in market and successfully matching the delivery of the platform to having some referral partners and some sponsors in the market to help us be able to execute in the market. To the extent we see initial success, we absolutely will move on that and essentially, accelerate investment. But that would be matched to beginnings of revenue delivery and real transactions and real volume. But again, gated by the idea that you said in your question, I'm just going to take it for the broader audience, it is greenfield. We're starting with transaction number 1, when that transaction comes through. So we've watched it very closely. We measure it very closely, and to be perfectly honest, we can throttle it, and that's really how we'll manage it as we go forward.
David Mangum: And financially, Tom, the costs are already baked into this I mentioned earlier, an answer to 1 of the questions it might have been Tien-Tsin's early, that we have technology investments in network infrastructure and data centers and compliance, this is a piece of that compliance. So there are more costs to come. As Jeff said, we're feeling very good about where we are, we're ready, we've got more costs, we're coding things, testing things et cetera. But we are ready but the costs are fully baked in.
David Mangum: Our core metrics have remained stable for a while. We haven't seen a bend in the trend. But the developing surrounding metrics of the industry at large, I would concur with your opinion and your question as well. So hence our sort of view that things are rolling along, and staying in a fairly stable place, maybe with the opportunity to improve over some period of time.
Paul Garcia: Thank you, David. Based on our current outlook, we are providing full-year fiscal 2012 annual revenue expectations of $2.1 billion to $2.150 billion or 13% to 16% growth over fiscal 2011. We are also providing annual fiscal 2012 cash EPS expectations of $3.35 to $3.43, reflecting 9% to 11% growth over fiscal 2011. We plan to expand cash operating margins by as much as 30 basis points for the total company for fiscal 2012. All expectations, of course, exclude the impact of the Durbin amendment. Finally, I am delighted with our company's financial and strategic performance and our global market position. I'm confident that we will continue to successfully execute our strategies for growth in an ever-changing payments environment.  I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Paul Garcia: Tien-Tsin, this is Paul Garcia. I think it's safe to say that it is positive. It's going to be a net positive for the company. Now as you said, we appreciate that, we have not included it. The truth of the matter is, Durbin, the whole situation is nascent. I mean it hasn't developed yet. And although we clearly have our own internal strategy, until all the pieces play out with all the players, we can't fully comment. But even then, Tien-Tsin, to be honest, it's October 1 that's affected. Even then, I don't think it's going to be in anyone's best interest for us to kind of parse all the components. But I will tell you, we will provide some appropriate color as the year progresses, and once again, it's absolutely a net positive for us.
Paul Garcia: Darrin, that's a great question. And I'll tell you that, that is part of David's answer for why aren't we maximizing margin in fiscal '12. What you heard him say is that if we didn't make the investments we're making, if we didn't invest in infrastructure, if we didn't invest in Spain, if we didn't invest in Brazil, if we didn't do the things that -- by the way, we're not breaking out. We are just sucking that up as part of our guidance, that if we -- and of course, have the reality of the ISO growth, but if we didn't do all those things, I think you would see much more aggressive margin growth. But those are investments that will allow us to continue to expand margins in the future. Also, we do have plans, they are proceeding to leverage our infrastructure systemically, our entire system's infrastructure, as well as the entire Global service center in Manila. Now this year, we're going to exit that without being a headwind. It becomes quite, a reasonable tailwind. So I think this is pretty well set up. Now once again the only thing I would disagree with, it doesn't include Durbin. Durbin falls to the bottom line kind of thing. And that's kind of to be determined what happens with that.
Paul Garcia: Yes, Julio, this is a bit of a slippery slope. So here's the bottom line. The Durbin amendment effective October 1, will, as the Fed defined it, even with the adjustments, will yield a pretty significant reduction, particularly in SIG debit, with a higher average ticket. And just to weight the nature of how this is basis points and cents per transaction, so it's pretty big reduction. Now with the great majority of our merchants, clearly our large merchants, in terms of volume, we have what's called interchange and assessment. So that's a passthrough. They get the full benefit of it. But the smaller merchants, you have discretion whether you give that all to them or not. The competitive nature of this business is such, and we've had 1 competitor that was very public about giving every bit of it away to every single merchant regardless of size. So you consider the reality of the competitive environment and you make decisions. But every basis point you keep is a basis point of profit. And you, of course, temper that with you don't want to lose that merchant. You want to offer a fair competitive deal. So that's the strategy we have in place. It's not a strategy, Julio, that we'd be well served discussing in a public environment or any environment except internal. And -- but just be assured that there will be opportunities for us to keep some of that appropriately. I mean the thought that a very large merchant and a very small merchant are treated exactly the same is not how it works in a free enterprise system. So we recognize that but it also does not mean that if you treat anybody inappropriately or unfairly, they'd vote with their feet. And our attrition numbers are something we're proud of, meaning it's very low. So very windy answer, is that Durbin is going to be beneficial for us for some pricing opportunities. It's also beneficial for us even if we gave 100% of it back, and that it takes a little pressure off of pricing renegotiations. You're having a very happy discussion at any level, whether you give some of it back or all of it back, you're having a very happy discussion with somebody and guess what, your rate is going down, in some cases, materially. So you're a merchant of any size, you're going to feel pretty good about that and you're going to feel good about us about that. So that's pretty much the sum.
Paul Garcia: Julio, I will add one thing, we clearly understand it's our job to drive margin expansion. We get that. So and part of the beauty of the business is, it does have leverage opportunities.
Paul Garcia: I would say, Glenn, that we'd love to give you a list of those. Actually we had some pretty significant wins, but David is correct, it's not material, especially when we are talking about the numbers we're now producing. But we had a number of nice new signings literally in every geography, on major hotel groups throughout Asia and Europe. So a pretty nice merchant here in the U.S. Canada we did very nicely, we have a number of things we could talk about, but we could fill up a call with those, and I think I'm happy to say now, we're at size. But directionally, I understand the spirit of your question, and the question is, are we winning? We're winning deals and we're winning in every geography, and we're very pleased with that.
Paul Garcia: Sure, Jim, I'll add a little more color to each of those 2. You're thinking about the Global Service Center investment and exactly the right way. Where we are about as we enter the year is, it's not at full capacity, but it's fully operational. So as we add more resources to that center over the rest of the year, we'll exit 2012 -- we think fully productive and beginning to deliver savings for the company as we head into 2013. What that means in sort of financial terms is that for 2012, there is a piece of what I would call and hope this term resonates, an allocated overhead ,that's left over for the additional capacity. Additional seats and cubes and things like that, awaiting the next addition of employees over there. So that's a few pennies for this year. And frankly, the Brazil investment is right alongside it. A few pennies incremental for this year and those 2 create a little bit of headwind. But to your point, we're not carving out ,it's baked into the numbers on both sides in terms of earnings, as well as whatever it's doing to margins. But hopefully that helps size it a bit for modeling.
Paul Garcia: I think Tim, the long or short is the answer is yes. And I think in the barest cases, well it becomes more commoditized, I think exactly the opposite. I think precisely what you just said. I think that our job is deliver whatever the consumer wants to our millions of merchants worldwide. And those relationships with the merchants are key, our ability to provide those services are key and there's real value in bringing all of these parties together. These evolving parties, from PayPal to mobile payments to Isis, to all the things you mentioned and all the things we haven't seen with mobile payments around the world. That is our value proposition, and I am encouraged by the future opportunity to bring real value and make real money.
Paul Garcia: Well, thank you, all, for joining us on today's call. We appreciate your support as ever of Global Payments.
Jeffrey Sloan: Sanjay, it's Jeff Sloan, I'll say a few things about your question on HSBC. First, they're a terrific partner of ours not just here in the United States but really around the world, so really is very much a multinational relationship. Not dependent on any 1 geography and were very pleased with our partnership. The second, as you know, and I think David and Paul just touched on this, we're really diversified by channel, by distribution channel here in the United States. We spent a lot of time just a second ago talking about the ISO channel, but we're not overly dependent in the 1 channel here in the U.S. and that includes our variety of bank partners. So as we sit here today, we're not troubled by anything that's been out in the press about anyone else's strategy, as far as we can tell sitting here. And obviously, that's something that needs to be played out over time. But we're very pleased on how they're doing and we'll leave it at that.
Jeffrey Sloan: Sure, Glenn, it's Jeff. I'll answer your question. We are primarily organized by vertical here in the United States. I view our partnerships with our ISOs as a key vertical for us. But we think about go to market in terms of what verticals are we in and what verticals do we want to get bigger in. We're very proud of our gaming vertical, which David and Paul talked about in the press release. We're very proud of our Greater Giving vertical which we view as partly VAR in terms of what they do. So I would look for additional expansion in those markets in particular, Glenn, on an organic basis, with more investment in the Gaming business, more investment in things like Greater Giving. We've got a differentiated VAR proposition in that business, for example. We have some other large verticals that we currently have at the university level. Like here in the United States, at the community bank level, and I would look for us to grow bigger in all those areas. And we primarily manage it by those verticals, and that's how we measure quota and that's how we measure productivity. So I think it's less about verticals that we're not in. And finding new ones, and more about getting much bigger in the verticals that we're already in that we're pleased with.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, I think we're very flexible. So typically Glenn, the way we do it is, we're very open with folks about how they want to partner with us. One is why Comerica, which is really a formal JV. We also have deals where they're just referrals and we have deals where they're really just revenue shares. But we continue to expand our community banking base of businesses, we used to use that as an example. And we are much higher today in that business in terms of number of referring branches than we were just a year ago. And I think our hallmark there is flexibility, I think that's something we're pretty good at.
Jeffrey Sloan: And Jim, it's Jeff. Just on the overall pipeline I would say that today in 2011, we've been very pleased with the amount of deal inflow that we've been seeing. So it's been a fair amount of volume that we've reviewed. I would say in comparison to prior periods, that's been quite equally distributed around the world, including here in the United States and including elsewhere. And I believe that we continue to be in a very good position to execute that strategy as I think I said probably a couple of quarters ago, I do believe that we're the partner of choice, and have been looking at a number of deals in the less number of months, I think continue to believe that
Jeffrey Sloan: David, It's Jeff. I'll start with the market dynamic in the revenue, and David, I think we'll comment on the margin characteristics in Canada. So I think we ended up the fourth quarter exactly where we want it to be and what we said previously and David addressed that in his comments with a stable Canada and a Canada going in the right direction, not just in the fourth quarter but also for fiscal '12 in terms of expectations, which David laid out. I would say it's a very intensely competitive market. That has not changed most recently. But I do think our ability to be very competitive and productive in that market that adds to revenue, is something that we're very pleased with. And it's very consistent with what our expectations are heading into the fourth quarter, but also into fiscal '12. So I'd say from our perspective is we already want to be in terms of the goals that we laid out in the fourth quarter knows, probably in Canada, we moderate very closely in the event if anything changes, but we're pleased to be where we are from a revenue and a pricing point of view there.
Jeffrey Sloan: And I think as David described in his prepared remarks, we've been able to add EBIT dollars on a consolidated North America basis, notwithstanding the factors that David just alluded to. So I think we're very happy with where we are ending Fiscal '11 relative to where we earlier in the year.
Jeffrey Sloan: Yes, around the world, Brett as Paul said, we actually have quite a few C&P, large C&P-related customers. Many in the retail and hotel areas as Paul mentioned. I would say here in the United States, Greater Giving, for example, through its ePhilanthropy. Some of our large retailers where we do multichannel distribution, both the physical stores, as well as on the Internet. Our good examples of folks we have relationships with in the C&P world. But Paul is right. One of my mandates and responsibilities here is to increase that for the sheer reason that, that's growing faster than the general market. So it's something we do now we feel like we're good at doing it. But we need to get bigger in it. And that's one of our imperatives as Paul described.
