Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Thanks, Cameron. We have a consistent track record of strong execution and exceeding our own expectations, and the second quarter was no exception. The pending acquisition we announced today represents another investment to expand our software prowess in a key vertical market. AdvancedMD will accelerate the evolution of our business mix and further positions Global Payments as the leader in technology-enabled software-driven payments globally. This investment will provide additional catalysts for continued market share gains in the months and years to come. I'll now turn the call back to Winnie.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Hey, Glenn, it's Jeff. I'll start and I'll ask Cameron to add some more of the financial and data related details. So, I would say it's really just a continuation of the trend. We've made, as you know, over the last number of years, very significant investments in our technology footprint globally, that for these purposes and your question, particularly into Europe, one of the things that we called out was our integrated and vertical markets business in Europe as well as ecomm and omni solutions business. The primary market for which for us for these purposes is really Europe, particularly in the European Union post SEPA and PSD2 and the like. So very attractive target market for us. We kind of called out a couple of significant wins in the quarter. We don't want to spend too much time on that, because we intend to spend a lot of time in the third quarter call going through an update, as we do annually on our ecomm and omni business and I would say a continuation of the trend, Glenn, which is to say why we invested so significantly over the years in ecomm and omni, in all businesses, but especially here in Europe, why did we enter faster growth markets? Because we think that those are attractive, but we also think we can layer on top of those our leading-edge technology, in fact, we call that ecomm and omni products in the case of Erste Bank in Continental Europe. So, I would say, Glenn, I view the quarter very much as a confirmation, probably over the last number of quarters of trending and probably mostly being in the United Kingdom as Cameron mentioned in his comments, but notwithstanding macro headwinds which is the FX, same-store sales, retail, GDP growth. Notwithstanding that we still saw very consistent volume and transaction growth trends in the second quarter that we saw in the first. Again, I think that's a tribute to our teams there, but particularly a further validation of investment in new technology and then targeting in those markets. I think Cameron called this out, but a lot of it, undoubtedly, given the macro backdrop is pure and simple market share gains. And I think we've been saying that for the last number of quarters.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Hey, David, it's Jeff, I'll start. So what I would say is the fastest growing piece of our UK business really is debit, and particularly contactless debit. So we certainly have seen a very meaningful acceleration in the use of that, particularly in places like in transit, so for a lower ticket item, the ability for consumers to use different forms of payment. There, as you know David, it's a little bit less about using your phone and a little bit more for consumers about just taking out their wallets and putting it on top of the NFC receptor. So contactless is something that on Visa and Mastercard, the networks talk a lot about here in the United States. But that time has already come, David, in Europe, in the United Kingdom and to a certain extent in Asia. That's really not a new trend. I'd say that the last number of quarters we've seen very substantial acceleration of our debit businesses in the UK. And I think the clearest example of that is consumer usage in places like the Tube. I know that the networks are hopeful that could be extrapolated to other markets like the United States, but the UK's probably the market leader in that technology.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Yeah, I'd add to that, Darrin, to what David said, that we've also been successful in rolling out our university product, TouchNet to markets outside the United States, it's obviously a software-based solution in currently ecomm and omni businesses for selling a lot of technology, which we called out, I know we'll spend more time on in the third quarter. And then lastly, I don't want to overlook Australia, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, New Zealand and Asia-Pacific with our Ezidebit, our integrated and vertical markets in Australia, New Zealand and our eWay ecommerce products. Those continue at very healthy rates of (41:00) after we consummate this partnership. So, I would say that David's right. But just specifically on iPOS (41:10) but I think more generally outside the United States, our ability to take the integrated and vertical markets, technology-enabled software assets into a multinational environment, you're seeing the fruits of that in those results today.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Yeah, I'd add to what David said, Darrin, on your second question that the UK has been historically (43:15), and I expect it to be an, going forward, an intensely competitive market. You've had a number of not just existing competitive market entrants, new market entrants in fact over the last number of years. (43:32) of people who have entered the UK markets. So, the first thing I'd say is it's always been competitive. Our markets are generally competitive. But for these purposes, the UK's been intensely competitive, and I expect it to remain that way. And of course, there's legacy competitors there too (43:48) prospective pro forma for the AMD announcement this morning, the UK's roughly 8% of our revenue, but nonetheless, it's an intensely competitive market and I don't expect that to change. The second thing I'd say is, for years, we've been Interchange Plus pricing in the UK, which means changes in interchange get passed through, that's what Interchange Plus means, to all sizes of merchants, small, medium, and large. Third, I think you touched on this. We're highly transparent in our pricing and billing. I think as you know, in some markets like in Canada, we're actually a bank and regulated. And as such, obviously, the context of what we do is highly regulated by folks like the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom and, of course, Visa, Mastercard generally in most markets have their own set of rules about transparency in pricing. Given our bank background in markets like the UK, given the fact that we are a bank in certain markets like Canada and (45:09) using Mastercard in nearly all of our markets, particularly in the United Kingdom for these purposes, we're very transparent, and the market is highly competitive. Lastly, I'd say, there's a lot of switching in places of merchants, in places like the UK, and that market you tend to see 15% to 25% term rates, the vast majority of those is people choosing different providers. The attractiveness from new people like Square (45:14) come into that market. So I would say sitting here today and given how we operate, we really don't expect it to have any kind of material impact to our business. I think we just answered someone else's question this morning about the products and services we brought into that marketplace. I think David's philosophy that he just expressed on how we add value to transactions here in the United States applies to the UK and our other markets, which is to say that we try to charge fairly for the products and services that we are (45:45) investment along those lines. So we feel good about where we are, and I don't see that really changing anything for us.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: So, Andrew, it's a great question. I think if you go back a little bit to what we described in the March Investor Day where we had a bunch of slides on what we thought, how the market was stratified and how we'd compete, I would say if you look at that, we really compete two ways in our ecomm and omni business. The first thing is our core, as it always is, is SMB. So adding in, for example, talked about this in their perspectives, that the top 10 customers I think are a third of the business, and those are all ecomm owned. If you think about us by way of – based on what they said. But think about the way we go to market, SMB is our core. Those are generally omni, meaning virtual. They're both ecomm as well as physical acceptance. And in particular in Europe, as I described in response to David Togut's question, across a number of geographies across the European Union. So when you think first, Andrew, about SMB, ecomm as well as omni in the European region, there are a lot of folks who fit the bill in all those touch points that I just highlighted. And I think by far that's the predominant means of kind of what we do, kind of point number one. Point number two, the cross-border, which we referenced in our prepared comments, too. There I think our global footprint, where we're physically in 30 countries but doing business cross-border, especially ecomm, in more than 50 with over 140 currencies, there I do think there is a lot of value to first having a single provider in all those markets. So while we certainly overlap with a number of the folks competitively in any one geography, increasingly we see a trend toward smart multinational corporates picking one provider that solves all their payment needs. I believe that's some of the markets that we're in, Taiwan would be an example, Singapore, Malaysia, New Zealand, go down the list, Hong Kong. There aren't a lot of providers cross-border in those markets plus Europe across most of EU who can really provide the most sophisticated multinationals, now I'm on that point (55:59), not SMBs, with all the payment solutions they need with one technology environment. You put those two together, which is SMB, kind of our core online, as well as physical store combined with complicated multinational for a single provider in all the markets they can possibly be in, (56:10) in some cases you're going to do some of these RFPs. You might be one or two providing that, because those needs are really hard to solve. So that really is the genesis of our mode of competition, and how we go to market ecomm and omni. And I think we've laid out this most recent quarter but certainly over the last number of years what that's meant in terms of our growth because again this quarter coming in the third quarter, we'll talk more about how that business is performing and what we continue to expect. But we're well on our way as we described in the Investor Day to (56:44) 20% of our revenue in 2020 to be coming from our ecomm and omni solution business.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: Hey, Paul. It's Jeff. I would just say our pipeline remains full. I think you're right in what we said, we don't view 3.3 times today, 3.8 times lever pro forma as being anywhere but right in our sweet spot in terms of what our goals are and we've articulated before. Our pipeline is full, I hope it doesn't take another year for other deals to come to pass in the technology-enablement world (59:32) but at the end of the day the most important thing for us is the strategic fit, the (59:36) fit and the financial returns that we can generate as we advance our strategy. So time will really tell as it relates to what we're looking at. But I would say in general, we couldn't be more pleased with AdvancedMD where our strategy is, where we are along the path, well down the path of over 60% that we articulated, obviously inorganic growth, mathematically, is a part of that. We love that AdvancedMD beyond how good the business is, is the fact that it exposes us more directly to the healthcare vertical market which is a big chunk of the U.S. economy. There are other vertical markets in the U.S. that we don't have significant exposure to that we also look at. So stay turned, but we're very pleased with where we're now and pleased with where we're heading in terms of our strategy.
Jeffrey Steven Sloan: On behalf of Global Payments, thank you for joining us this morning and thank you for your interest in us.
Cameron M. Bready: Hey, George, it's Cameron. Good morning. So a couple of comments, I would guess, as it relates to the second quarter performance versus the first quarter performance. We did see some acceleration in our U.S. direct businesses and we are obviously delighted with that. Probably upwards of about 1 point I think between Q1 and Q2, largely driven by our integrated vertical markets business. So our direct distribution relationship-led channel was pretty consistent Q1 to Q2 in that high single-digit range, it was really our integrated vertical markets business that accelerated slightly from Q1 to Q2 that drove, again, the overall accelerations in the U.S. direct business. As we look to the back half the year, as we talked to you guys before, we manage that business to high-single to low-double-digit rates of organic growth. I think our guide would suggest that we expect to be in that range as we get into the back half of the year. You'll recall, or you are recalling, I think, directly Q3 last year because that would've bene a hurricane impact in the business. I don't know if that's dramatic enough to call out as making it a significantly easier comp, quite frankly, but I think, as we look towards the back half of the year, again, we feel very confident in the ability to continue to grow that channel in the high single-digit to low double-digit pace we have been now for the last probably six to eight quarters.
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, George. Again, I think Jeff talked about the growth rate of the business. We do view this as a low double-digit growing business, very consistent with the rest of our integrated and vertical market businesses. And that would be our expectation for it going forward. So at that level we would view it as accretive to the overall rate of growth of Global Payments which is going to be important as well. For 2018, we were expected to do probably around $125-ish million of revenue, again, growing in low double-digits into 2019. So that would be our expectation as we go through the business for 2019. From an EBITDA margin standpoint, this is a business that is still scaling, I think, as Jeff kind of characterized and made commentary. I think as we look at the business, obviously, coming into Global Payments as we get into 2019, we'll give you more color as we head into the year as to what we think the implications will be. It is a business that we think will be accretive to margins as we get out a little bit further in time for Global Payments as it relates to 2019. And they moderate our margin expansion a little bit as we further scale the business, leverage distribution to drive faster rates of growth in the business. But overall, a very attractive financial profile, and one that we think, obviously, is going to be accretive to growth, accretive to margins for Global Payments over time.
Cameron M. Bready: Yeah, Glenn, it's Cameron, a couple of comments. If you look at Q1 and Q2, little bit of the acceleration as we talked about before was in ecomm and omni business and (29:14). Those are the two things that stand out to me. On the ecomm and omni, I think Jeff described how we're positioned strategically very well and obviously we're seeing that manifest itself in nice rates of organic growth in that channel over the course of the first half of really 2018, but even more so in the second quarter. Erste JV, I think is really a function of you're seeing now the value of having them migrated onto our platforms, our ability now to sell products and solutions into those markets that are very distinctive, relative to what traditional buyers in the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia are able to deliver, is very powerful and obviously that's driving very attractive rates over organic growth in that business. So we're delighted with that performance and it really speaks to I think in a microcosm the value of managing our business a single common platform globally, our ability to distribute products and solutions ubiquitously across the markets that are very differentiated.
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, Ashwin, that's a probably good jumping off point for the outlook around margins which is a really good question. So, what I would say is first of all, we're delighted obviously with the margin performance we've seen kind of year to date of 150 basis points year-over-year for the first half relative to last year's performance. If you looked at the back half of the year, there's a couple things I would call out, first is (36:53). FX is obviously, based on our outlook for currency as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we see FX being a headwind in the back half of the year, so it's going to be a headwind to revenue, headwind to EPS but also a headwind to margin. So, as I look at the margin guide today, there's probably at least 20 bps of FX headwind in that margin guide relative to where we were back in May. So, I think that's probably the first important point to call out. The second is and we said this coming into the year with tax reform, we are taking that opportunity to invest in the business and some of those investments will ramp as we work through the year. So as we get into the back half, some of that opportunity to reinvest back into the business is obviously ramping up and that will I think put a little pressure on margin expansion relative to what we saw in the first half of the year, but obviously still over the year very healthy margin expansion, well above our stated sort of guide on a cycle basis for margin expansion for the business. And to me that's a really good thing, because one of the things I'm most proud about, I think we're most proud about is the ability to generate the type of consistent financial performance we have while still meaningfully investing in the businesses that we could grow. So, we're not starving the business for capital, we're not starving the business for investment, we're investing in the future while also obviously delivering on the promise we believe we have in the business today. So, I think that's a very good thing, and we're always balancing the level of investment in the business with obviously our desire to continually expand margins in the business over time.
Cameron M. Bready: And, Tim, it's Cameron. I'll add just a couple of comments. One thing we haven't really touched on as it relates to AdvancedMD is, they're really focused on ambulatory practices. So these are outpatient. And they're also focused on those specialties where there's more consumerism in health care. So as we think about the opportunity, obviously there's an existing base of payments that we can further penetrate, but longer term, we're going to be more and more in specialties where there will be an increasing amount of consumer oriented payments, relative to insurance billings and whatnot, as it relates to healthcare payments going forward. So that's part of the attractiveness of the business from our standpoint. So as we look at it from, again, a financial profile standpoint, that's why we're confident obviously with the ability to continue to drive that low double-digit rate of organic growth in the business going forward, why we see the business as being accretive from an EPS standpoint in 2019 and going forward. All of that, it creates a very nice backdrop for a financial profile for AMD that we think is highly attractive for us.
Cameron M. Bready: Yes, it's a very good question, Paul. So you're right to think about that as a highly recurring revenue stream for us. The vast majority of that is SaaS or it relates to products today that we're in the process of converting to SaaS platforms, but the vast majority of that is going to be SaaS for us today, highly recurring, highly visible, AdvancedMD is a good example of that. We look at the revenue profile of AdvancedMD, we see that as 95%-plus recurring revenue in that business and very attractive, obviously, revenue profile. And naturally given our strategy, that's a portion of the business you should expect to see continue to grow over the course of time both organically and inorganically as we drive on software driven payment strategy towards that 40% target, obviously that complements the 20% target that Jeff just highlighted for ecomm and omni bringing our total technology-enabled target to 60% by that 2020 timeframe. So again, that's a highly attractive aspect of the growth profile of the business. We see those SaaS businesses at a minimum growing in the low double-digits and we're going to be growing more quickly than that. But obviously contributing very nicely towards unit growth over the course of time. From a margin standpoint, you should assume by and large, those businesses should be at or above the corporate margin at a minimum. Some are still scaling, to be fair, so over the course of time some of them are going to scale to being at or above the corporate margins, but certainly our expectation is all those businesses over time should be obviously accretive to the overall margin profile for the company.
Cameron M. Bready: And, Paul, it's Cameron, I'll just add maybe a couple of points to that. One, as we talked about historically, our priority remains to invest in growth of the business. We talked very clearly I think at the Investor conference about the three pillars of growth, where we want to continue to invest to drive growth across those aspects of our business, so rest assured we're working very hard every day to find opportunities that fit, strategically fit, culturally fit, financially are accretive to our rate of revenue growth, accretive to our margins, accretive to earnings as AdvancedMD is, all those things are very important to us. I wouldn't necessarily want to put a target out there as it relates to, I know others in the States like to do that, but I think that implies you're going to do deals regardless of strategic fit, cultural fit, and financial fit, and we're not that sort of investor. So we're obviously, to Jeff's point, working on a very full pipeline now. I think we remain very confident in our ability to find opportunities to fit the criteria that we have for the business, and we'll be able to continue to grow towards the targets we've established through, obviously, organic and inorganic growth and I think AdvancedMD is a great example of that.
David E. Mangum: And George, it's David. Maybe a little bit more color just from a performance standpoint. We are very happy with the way the businesses have started the year. As Cameron pointed out, the vertical markets businesses are off to a very strong start. That includes, particularly, integrated payments of the OpenEdge business, our education businesses in good schools and universities at TouchNet and school solutions are really well ahead at the start the year. On the core sort of sales question, interestingly enough, we're really happy with where we are from a sales perspective across the United States, North America, actually the world and I'll come back to that in just a second, but the sales across the board are in very good shape. We're off to a good start in core sales in the direct book, which was what Cameron was describing earlier as the sort of direct non-vertical market. We had a couple of different record months over the course of the last six months; really very happy with the sales there, really happy with sales in OpenEdge in the vertical markets. Canada sales are ahead, and actually, Asia and Europe sales are ahead at the start of the year. So, as Cameron and Jeff said, in kind of the core prepared remarks, we're really happy with where we stand halfway through the year.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Glenn, it's David. I'll start and let the other guys chime in as well. What you've just described at the beginning of your question is exactly what we like about the market – highly fragmented. We remain the number one competitor in the small to medium space by a long shot, much larger than its cloud-based competitors as I just said, twice the size of the nearest (25:09). And also a market full of legacy traditional providers who are on-prem with more limited software capabilities. So, we've great opportunity with a very strong direct sales model that we have. Obviously, we look to that almost primarily a first when performing due diligence on the deal. So, we're really happy with the pieces and the opportunity of the market. Fragmented is what we like. The fact that they're the largest but small, that seems like a really good thing to me as we think about the future of the business and the low double-digit growth that Cameron and Jeff have each described. So really happy with those pieces. As a payments matter, there are kind of a couple of components to payments. Maybe two or three. Fundamentally it's the one you mentioned, which is OpenEdge. So, we got about 20% of their payments volume. That means there's 80% to address that's going to a different cloud provider for co-pay fundamentally at its simplest level. I don't know why that number isn't really, really a lot higher just inside the next year or two. We'll focus together on joint sales as one of our key revenue synergies to drive that payments penetration to OpenEdge's integrated payment to 30%, 40%, 50% over the coming years. No reason that can't happen, no reason that can't happen particularly when we're one company together. We (26:12) companies as you'll understand. There are also some payments around bill payments and electronic billing payment that happen at the back end on the acquisition, nice little payments opportunity there. It's something we're good at when you link this terrific Rhythm software platform, again, the only cloud-based single platform that's available in the market itself, to the payment process. So really good payment fundamentals, and as you well know, we want to wrap value around the payment. And the payments and the technology and the software, it's a perfect fit for technology driven – or a software-driven technology-enabled strategy.
David E. Mangum: Yeah. Sure, David. This is David. I think a couple of distinctions maybe around the answer. The Xenial we were describing today was actually a set of analytics products that we're really excited about rolling out in Canada, the UK and they already rolled out in the U.S. at the end of the year. As a restaurant matter, we are very comfortable with our restaurant positioning. And in the enterprise class, which I think is your direct question, with Xenial, with the rest of our software products, we have a combination of terrific technology, extensive and scalable software solutions for high volume customers, includes multiple stations, different payment solutions, multicurrency, flexible pricing, all the things you need to run and operate. Just as you would expect because we've been in this business for years, there are no surprises there whatsoever. We can uniquely combine that with high volume payment, supporting in analytics, so very happy with where we sit there. We're also, I would tell you, very comfortable with our price points against the competition in that sort of higher end of the market. So it's a very large target market. We and others can unseat some pretty nice traditional competitors at the high end of the market. Let me pause for a second and take you back a little bit further. We start with sales are running ahead in the United States, we actually think we're performing very well. We actually don't see Square in a lot of sales situations, quite frankly. For most of their business, they're serving a smaller customer. Our market is going to be a little bit higher than that. And again, as I said a moment ago, as you head toward the high end of the bank card volume, where you really do linking the software with Xenial, we're really, really comfortable with our solution. And fundamentally, we have a big advantage when it comes to service and relationship. Remember, I talked a lot about building local and meaningful relationships with customers. The higher you get, the more technology you enable, the more the relationships kind of matter, we believe. We sell on that, and we think the competition is more limited in that regard. And then sort of fundamentally, I'd say you haven't seen us lose business to Square. So high end of the market, very comfortable with technology, really glad you asked the question. Low end of the market, we don't play that low. We play in the middle to upper end, and we're very comfortable with our sales results to-date.
David E. Mangum: Yeah, Darrin, David here. I'll start. So, actually, very happy with the steady rollouts of iPOS (38:59), I would actually maybe broaden it a little bit to make it more of a technology answer. So integrated payments are a core part of the way we're selling now in Canada and in the UK. A combination of integrated and semi-integrated solutions is certainly helping with the developed market performance you've seen us post in Canada and the UK and across Europe for the last several quarters (39:18) commented a little while ago. When you think of iPOS (39:21) specifically, we've got a much broader Xenial rollout going on as we speak, as we talk about in other settings. We mentioned analytics today, which rolled out to Canada and the UK but beyond that, we're rolling out restaurant functionality over the course of 2018 and 2019, particularly full roll out in 2019 in Spain, later in 2018 in Canada, 2019 in the UK. All those processes are continuing at pace as is our full roll-out to QSR table service and enterprise in the United States over the course of 2018. We'll combine that with Xenial gift (39:52) analytics and other reporting products. So right now, we have the ability to sell analytics on top of what you might think of as sort of non-iPOS (39:59) payment technology in Canada, UK and Spain. We have analytics with iPOS (40:05) in U.S., Canada, and UK and rolling out more and more consistent cloud-based product over the course of 2018 and 2019 in such a way that we expect that in the middle of 2019, towards the end of 2019, have the full suite of all of our software capabilities available in all of our major western markets.
David E. Mangum: Yeah, Darrin, David again. And then, I'll let Jeff take on the UK situation. I'll talk a little bit on the United States. So, we believe we have an enormous amount of remaining economic value opportunity in the United States. It comes, really, from the service we offer, and we're still in the middle of matching the economics to deliver great values, so more on income fees (42:12) and things like that. In fact, what we are looking at is saying, we provide this world-class service on industry-leading infrastructure, high quality reporting compliance (42:21). So, let's take a look at whether or not we're pricing for that service appropriately versus (42:26) historically, priced for that service appropriately. So when we started, as you'll recall from a year or more ago by better aligning our new sales economics and tools with the level of service we provide. Now we have the ability to go back through the services we provide and can find folks who maybe aren't meeting contractual obligation, find folks who are sort of in long-term below-market condition, and kind of ratably and progressively make sure we address those things from (42:49). So again, not a broad based approach to jump these, more specifically targeting the massive economic value of what we're providing to service value. So we're rolling that through, and doing that in that measured fashion, I'd tell you we've got a long runway ahead of us in terms of being able to provide more and more economic value, more and more economic turns on top of business services we sell and the accelerated sales results (43:11).
David E. Mangum: Yeah, Tim. It's David. I'll start and let the other guys chime in, because (47:03) around the enterprise and it's actually – it's a fantastic question because we think about it in the same way. The very same back-office tools that allow us to stage data to roll out analytics products like the Xenial products we described earlier today, the ability to kind of roll out these solutions that give you daypart sales and let merchants have insight (47:27) customers and drive campaigns and manage social media. All that same data is sitting (47:31) as are the tools that phase it in. So whether that's the ability of our finance folks to help us with forecast analysis and opportunities to improving the enterprise. A little more importantly, and maybe more specifically the margin (47:45) is the ability to actually be better at the way we serve customers. We do try and differentiate, as you well know, on service and on high touch, so yes, these tools are really right in the sweet spot of our strategy going forward the next couple of years. So when you think about the combination of AI, sort of artificial intelligence from our products, we are employing that as we speak. We've got a lot of stuff in beta in specific business units and actually in our university. We actually have a robot that answers questions right now and directs calls, maybe from Spain. I can't remember his name off the top of my head, but regardless. We were using everyday AI to augment analytics and help us drive the enterprise further, and to your point, drive margin over time. So as an example, we've got prototypes out for intelligent layer on top of analytics to help us with decision-making. We are using in the call service, call centers already, natural language processing, machine learning to answer questions. Again, you may or may not want to talk to a human, but you do want quick service, and you want the answer right away. To the extent we can make that a better experience, we're going after that. The applications include voice-enabled systems, accelerated processing. We do have some testing of automated resolution of customer queries. Let me pause for one second, financial services remains the land of exception management. At the end of the day, all the cool software in the world still doesn't work perfectly all the time across communication vendors or for internet providers and things like that, so you've got to match exception. You also got to enable more self-service for chargebacks, payment matching, even batch recount, that's our reconciliation around these jargon and transactions. So using AI and analytics for that, boosting our productivity, boosting our ability to turn, so it's more value-added activities like building products and selling, instead of answering questions. So actually, we're pretty intrigued. You can probably hear it from my tone. The more of this we invest in, the more excited we get about the opportunity to scale at the backend. As you heard Cameron describe earlier, put money back into that frontend revenue-producing customer touching side of the business. So look forward to talk a little bit more about it going forward, maybe not in the next couple quarters, but as we go forward.
David E. Mangum: Yeah. So, Tim, the absolute primary piece of the payment is – think of it as the co-pay. So it's fundamental to have consumers checking out, which you'll recall is the core business we enable in OpenEdge. When you check out, we automatically update patient records and scheduling, send off the forms to claims, the Cignas of this world, et cetera. There is an element of billing and payment opportunity at the backend that's further down the road that we're pretty interested about, and given my history, I'm a little interested in that payment flow as well. But the core of this is what we know really, really well, the OpenEdge card processing payment flow.
David E. Mangum: Sure. Happy to, Andrew. It is something we want to pursue. It's actually something we've already pursued. So that exists. I don't know that I think of that as a massive trend fundamentally changing the market at all. Faster onboarding, the ability to be transacting right away are all just the kinds of services that we all need to offer. I recognize that many "traditional" competitors in the space can't offer that. But no, the idea of being able to get onboard immediately, maybe even come back and doing the underwriting a little bit later, yes, absolutely exists. It's something we enable as well market-by-market around the world. We're working hard to get better and better at that in the States. Part of our competitive differentiation – when I say high touch, high service, it means you know your customer. It doesn't mean you're not applying technology, not boarding quickly, not enabling transactions immediately, not settling batches the first night you bring reports back. It means, hey, I know my customers well, I know and I speak the restaurant language, the hospitality language, the physician language, in the case of AMD, the university language. It's being able to be more and more vertically fluent to speak the language of your customer and provide them that kind of relationship and service. It by no means is a replacement for having to be right on the cutting edge of technology as well.
