Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, David. To recap, for fiscal 2014, we intend to grow revenues in the high-single digits and cash earnings growth from at least that rate to the low-double digits. Importantly, these expectations include a significant step up in security costs of $0.15 in cash earnings per share for the year. Excluding these costs, annual cash earnings per share growth for fiscal 2014 would be 12% to 14%. We are positioning our company for sustainable, long-term growth throughout all regions and capitalizing on our scalable technological infrastructure and financial flexibility. I'll now turn the call over to Jane.
Paul R. Garcia: So Tien-Tsin, this is Paul. I would add that keep in mind that Asia is 6% of our revenue. And we are committed to grow it. But the bigger story is that Asia should be a much larger percent of our revenue. So by growing it 10%, that's not, quite frankly, satisfactory. We have a -- and to be specific, I was asked, I think a quarter ago, how long is this going to take? Now there's no -- there's no guarantee on deals in strategic alliances and all the things we're working on. But we feel we have enough irons in the fire that -- I made a pretty bold statement that we would get something done. And I'm sticking to that statement. We are going to get something done. So we're going to grow Asia organically, but we have high expectations of something more dramatic in some exciting areas. And that's -- and I understand everyone needs to wait and see that. And we plan to deliver that.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So we've been having -- we had some conversations prior to that date, but now we're very serious about it. And yes, we are very focused. So I would say that Asia is a primary candidate for us doing some new types of deals. Now there are some other opportunities around the world we're looking at as well. But Asia is a primary point of focus for us as we speak.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Roman. I can't be specific as to timing other than I think we have a long track record of saying that we have authorizations and then executing on them. And I would just ask you to rely on our past behaviors. However, our first use for our cash and our leverage is to do deals, and accretive deals in important areas. But we feel that we can carry out both of those objectives or we wouldn't have asked the board to authorize what we did.
Paul R. Garcia: Sure. So, Greg, first of all, it's going to play out over a long period of time. I think we all know this is years. But at the end of the day, and not to boil this down too simplistically, but at the end of the day, complications are not bad. Downward pressure in interchange is typically good for all acquirers, quite frankly. And I'm not saying that would give us an opportunity to raise prices or anything necessarily. It simply takes some pressure off of us because the merchants total discount rate is reduced rather dramatically, the pressure in our spread, quite frankly. Now there are some discussions about transparency. Quite frankly, our deals are incredibly transparent today. So we're not worried about any of that. So the short answer is it's a good thing for us. There's a lot more chapters to be played down on this. The only kind of fair case you could make would be would you get interchanged to a level that banks would be discouraged from issuing cards? I would just tell you from our personal experience and in some markets that we're not involved in like Australia. If you look at where interchange levels were and how many cards are in the market, and then a significant reduction in interchange and how many cards in the market, I would tell you in Spain, there's actually more cards. Our partners actually issued more cards. So there's still a case that they can make a -- they can make a quite nice living. And the last thing I would say is that it doesn't mean that the consumer doesn't pick up some piece of this, in Australia, for example. I think MasterCard is trying to hit the EU maybe a little too heavily, so says someone in the Journal today. But I kind of get where they're coming from, sentiment-wise. I mean, this is the balloon, right? You push on it one end, it's going to pop out somewhere else. So long and short of it, it's good for us.
Paul R. Garcia: I'm not going to agree with you, quite frankly. I think if we're talking about that level of reduction -- by the way, that is correct. For smaller guys, we do, indeed. So let me just say that you are accurate. For larger guys, not necessarily. In fact, I would say most usually, not at all. They have a discrete pricing. It's typically over interchange and assessments, and it's explained as basis points or euro cents per transaction or pence per transaction. Now for the smaller guys, it would be transparent. Their -- it's already highly competitive. Those rates, I think, are pretty good. But once again, the overall rate goes down. So if you're a small merchant, you know all the aspects of that. I think you're going to look at the end result of a much lower rate, and I think that's good. I really do. But I think we check back with each other in 2 years and we'll see, maybe 3.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. So let me talk about China, Craig. So the question was if China -- and we think by the way, they will. If China makes it easier for others, other players, non-Chinese players, to be involved in their markets, is that good or bad for us? I think that anything that reduces the level of regulation and opens up the gates a little more fully is good for us. Now we clearly have first mover advantage. But we are -- we do have some encumbrances. I mean, we are the only non -- to our knowledge, the only non-Chinese company that can acquire in renminbi today. But we haven't enjoyed the full measure of that, and part of it is some of the regulations that we are burdened with. Now we're also uniquely positioned with CUP. We are the member of the larger board of their international organization in North America. We're the only member, in fact. And that's a big deal. So we have unique relationships. We have first mover advantage. And clearly, others are going to get in and attempting to get in, but I think that is more good for us than bad for us than that.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay. I'll speak kind of notionally. So a JV -- typically, it's -- we have a 51, they have a 49, although we're open to different structures, us having more potentially, even a 50-50. It depends though on what we're trying to accomplish. In terms of is it expensive? I think anything that's attractive in India is going to be fully valued plus some. I think the -- I think they are very smart operators and understand the value of what they have and understand the opportunity a JV with a significant player would provide. So yes, I think you'd pay off for that. It doesn't mean it's not going to be cash accretive. I think all deals we do are cash accretive. But it's all I can say on that.
Paul R. Garcia: Thank you, operator, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your interest in Global Payments and for joining us today.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it's David. Overall for the quarter, we did see volume and transaction growth. I would say it was just a little lighter than we expected, and so Canada fell a little shy of our revenue expectations. If you go back to when we were entering the quarter, I would have said, and I'm sure I did say, it's a very important quarter for Canada, and that what we wanted to see was stability in the core metrics there. And I think the good news is we did. We saw relatively stable metrics, returned to a little bit better transaction growth of 3%. Maybe most important of all, and really importantly that was consistent with the third quarter, we saw about a 4% decline in core credit spreads. So as we discussed going into the quarter, more manageable declines, that of course, is before any impact from any reprices. So then you really hit the nail in the head with the most important part of the quarter for Canada, relatively stable metrics, nice sort of base from which then to go ahead and implement the price increases driven by the network assessment changes in the market. Those did indeed go in late in the quarter in May as planned. That performance in May sets us up for a much improved '14. I'm not really going to parse exactly what growth was in '14, but you're on the right track. Nice growth in '14, nice implementation of the price increases with reasonably solid underlying metrics. I mean, I'm far less concerned about a little bit of lightness in revenue in Q4 in Canada, and much more pleased about the outlook for Canada in '14 as I head into the year, given the implementation of the reprice.
David E. Mangum: Yes, and obviously, a fair question is that was one of the real challenges for the quarter. We do have new distribution partners who have come online. It's certainly not enough volume to offset what we saw in Q4, but it should build nicely over the course of '14. Maybe as important and more important will be new partners we bring over the course '14. And maybe when I'm finished with this part of the answer, I'll let Paul add a little more color to that piece. But really what we saw in Q4 in Asia was some sequential deceleration. Deceleration, to make sure I'm clear on that, in e-commerce, in really a year-over-year decline that was obviously, unexpected. We saw weakness in general retail as well. That was headlined by a year-over-year decline in one of our larger customers in the region, and a little bit of weakness in DCC and IPP, where we had expected some growth in the installment payment plan products. I think when I think about going into '14 then, a couple of things really go in our favor, quite honestly the most straightforward one is the comparables are much easier. We have seen relatively stable underlying metrics as we exit the year, so transaction growth, for example, across the region. Relatively stable tickets and solid growth in transactions and volume in general should set us up for the kind of growth we're talking about, and we're not expecting anything other than solid but not spectacular growth across these same product lines I was discussing earlier, retail, e-commerce, DCC, IPP. And then we'll do a little bit of targeted repricing in markets that can support that over the course of the year. So all in, I think if you look at the way we exit '14, you're right, there's not a lot of great things going on in the Q4 of '14, but as we enter -- or Q4 of '13, excuse me, as we enter '14, looking for solid but not spectacular performance, and I think we're poised to deliver that over the course of the year.
David E. Mangum: Yes, happy to share that with you, Roman. This is David. So if you take the pieces of margin in total for the company -- Let me do North America first. I'll spend a little bit of time on international. North America is the addition of APT. And as the law of large numbers hits with ISO, little less pressure on the ISOs than you may have seen, say, a year or 2 ago. And then the improved performance in Canada, as you well know, with the ongoing ISO pressure having our second largest business then creating a big margin challenge has been among the more difficult things to manage from a margin perspective for the last couple of years. So to have that asset turnaround in '14 as we expect makes all the difference, and then being able to see a flat to slightly increasing margin on a cash basis in North America. In international, you really have 2 stories not unlike the revenue story in Q4, quite frankly. The more mature markets, or the more established markets is probably a better phrase, particularly of Europe, Spain, the U.K., continue to drive operating leverage, continue to drive margins forward, continue to drive operating income growth. We also see Russia continuing to drive real substantial leverage, double-digit growth -- growth well into the double digits on the revenue side, obviously, translating into really nice income growth as well and a very solid Central Europe business. What happens though in the opposite direction is Asia. So with Asia, though we're expecting some solid revenue growth, or at least a return to growth in the mid-single digits, we really are not slowing down what I guess I might describe as investment in Asia for the long term. When you hear Paul describe the long-term opportunity of Asia, the opportunity for more partners, the opportunity to bring more partners in, what that says to us is we should keep investing, in a circumspect and appropriate manner, but keep investing in Asia, not starve it of investment, and keep an eye on the long-term growth opportunity. So we are investing in infrastructure improvements there for scalability. We are migrating India, a huge growth opportunity market for us, we think, long term, off of a legacy platform, operated by HSBC under our own front-end and back-end platforms, and we're looking to invest in other partnerships across the region. So what you end up with is then operating income and hence growing much slower than revenue. And as a result, a pretty good-sized drag on margins overall for international that then are sort of offset by Europe and then to the extent you feel a little bit of FX here and there, that would be the reconciling item probably to anything you have in your model. If you then pop that up to the total company between those 2 regions, you've got something but we're expecting margins to be slightly down including security. That again is -- the ISO, the APT, the Europe and the Asia, with security then, you can do your own math, obviously, off the prepared comments. But security, obviously, is taking that margin backward on the order of 70 basis points. So you have some slight to modest margin expansion were it not for the security in total at the total company level.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think maybe -- this is David. I'll add a little more color on that. Let us finish the previous authorization over the course of this quarter, and we'll come back based on judgment about the pipeline and timing as to what pace to embark on the next authorization. But as Paul said, quite rightly, I think we have a track record of executing them when we announce them. And we do believe we have the resources to both execute -- really to execute the entire strategy we described to you going back to January and the first priority of supporting a long-term growth and business expansion with ongoing, routine, share repurchases complementing that.
David E. Mangum: Yes, David, it's David. I'm happy to add more color. For the quarter, it's really 2 big drivers. It's Asia, which is down as you might imagine given the color a little earlier on Asia. So revenue growth, as you can see on the face of the income statement, is down. We have not arrested spending in Asia. So operating income is down. In fact, operating income would be down sort of proportionally with a greater effect then on revenue given that we're still spending on the infrastructure and on some of the migrations over there in Asia. At the same time then, we have very solid performance across the board in Europe that gets clipped by currency. So between Asia and currency, there's really your delta between what you may have expected or what we may have hoped to report for international overall versus what we did report.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I would describe that as a new run rate for a revised security posture for the company. So to be painfully clear, we don't expect another increase of $17 million in 2015. $17 million represents the new baseline added -- $17 million added to whatever other security we already had represents a new baseline that we would hope to actually scale. We've implemented a ton of tools, lots of new managed services. We've worked hard on perimeter defenses, internal monitoring, reporting all the things you can imagine, leveraging partners, increasing headcount where appropriate, all of that again is, I would say, is a new baseline from which we then hopefully scale over the course of '15 and beyond.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Jason, it's David. I think in that range, for us slight is -- I hate to parse the word slight, but it's really not 100 bps. It's less than 50 bps. It's in that kind of range.
David E. Mangum: Yes, so in '14, then again we don't parse forward-looking metric expectations, but what we are expecting is transactional growth and, what I would call, core spread declines, very similar to what you saw in the second half of this fiscal year, which we reported to you, which is -- we just did a quarter with 3% transaction growth and about 4% core credit spread decline. So that's the underlying metric for the outlook for Canada for '14.
David E. Mangum: That's correct. So I'm going to parse words, and I apologize for it in advance. That's why I call it the core credit spread. That's the underlying assumption what the base would do before you brought into that what is the pricing impact going to be.
David E. Mangum: Sure, Greg. So let me reconcile that for you. I appreciate your asking. I'll go all the way back to the beginning to be -- hopefully to be painfully clear. The original authorizations we started last fiscal year was $300 million. We did some open market repurchases of about $13 million around the second quarter. We did our accelerated share repurchase, which we announced in January and closed in the fourth quarter to the tune of $125 million. Then we did some more open market repurchases to the tune of $38 million in the fourth quarter. So as of May 31, as we exited the quarter, we had about $125 million left. And as you might imagine, we're on our way to completing that piece of the authorization over the course of the first quarter of 2014.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think Glenn, the way to think about that is all these fees -- the new fees have all annualized by the time we got to the fourth quarter. And then the biggest play in any given quarter in our revenues is what do the ISOs do with their own fees? We don't control it. Quite honestly, other than reporting revenue growth, we really don't care about it. It doesn't provide any profits, so that's always a swing. So I think Q4 was lower than you should expect in any given Q4 as a general rule with the big swing, obviously, always being those fees from the ISOs. As we look forward, what we're saying for the full year for the U.S. is mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth, which reflects the law of large numbers and the ISOs in general and then really nice growth in APT, in gaming and solid performance in our direct channels. So as we sit here at $1 billion plus of revenue in the U.S. overall, mid- to high-single-digit revenue, it's a pretty nice number. Do I expect to do better than 6? Yes, in a lot of quarters I do. And then the ISO fees at any time could swing that back towards 6 or 5, obviously, mid allows an awful lot of room in that range. But we want to make sure we talk about Q4 here. Because Q4 is usually a big seasonal revenue growth quarter for the company. I think Q4 '14, we should see decent seasonal growth again. But again those fee's swings could cause it to drop a few points at any given time.
David E. Mangum: Yes, it's a great question, and, yes, it is a part of it. It's always a mix of a number of things. But each margin conversation in a quarter, particularly in North America, starts with how much ISO pressure you're feeling. And anything that slightly reduces that makes it a little bit easier for us to operate. And then APT is more than doing the job we expected of it when we closed it in October, which is obviously, quite helpful in the underlying numbers as well.
David E. Mangum: Be happy to, Bryan. I think that for North America, to parse it into its pieces again, we will get a full-year benefit and very nice growth from APT inside the United States. We should see, again, law of large numbers, ISO revenue growth slow down a bit. So that headwind that starts every quarter for us should be a little less challenging. That's on top of a U.S. business, where EBIT grew in 2013 to begin with, because this is part 2 of the explanation. Canada by definition was going backward in 2013. It goes forward in 2014. So flipping Canada around makes as big a difference as anything in North America in 2014. And to your point, it's been some time since we've seen this. It's been some time since Canada's headed in this forward direction.
David E. Mangum: So, Bryan, and to finish the pieces, you've got the U.S., the Canada, and then remember the technology investment that increased in 2013, and that increase doesn't recur. The cost, obviously, is still inside the run rate, but that elevated level of increase doesn't recur. So all in, with North America then, those are the pieces of where we expect to see the opportunity for flat to maybe increasing margins for the first time in a while. Then the final piece of this is that the security investment is going to appear in the Corporate segment because it's an investment for the total company. So hence, those are the moving parts of North America and then the one piece that you may have been wondering about from reconciling item perspective.
David E. Mangum: Yes, that's incorporated so -- great question, Bryan. In our prepared comments, we talked about the opportunity for neutral to a slight headwind overall given FX for the full year for the company. Our outlook for that, given the very sources we try to use, is for the dollar to strengthen against the Canadian dollar a little bit and then weaken a hair against some of the European currencies, so that all in -- and then be neutral against some other European currencies, so that all in, you've got this opportunity in total for neutral to a slightly -- a slight headwind from FX. But the idea of an FX headwind in Canada is incorporated in the North America outlook.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Steven, this is David, there are. And typically, what you'd see is stronger margins really for each of the 2 segments in Q2 and Q4, with the lower margins being reported in Q1 and Q3. In Q3, in particular, our February quarter kind of crosses over the year end in a number of markets, usually being the weakest both from an EPS as well as from a margin perspective.
David E. Mangum: Yes, you're on it right, George. So we really didn't parse it out fully. It is about $0.04 for the year is the way to think about it of pure expense. What's interesting about that is as we go into '14, what we're looking to do with our partners at CaixaBank is actually amp up that investment. As you get live, you might imagine, you have expense in front of revenue. So you're hiring salespeople, you're getting product out, and then you're bringing the revenue in through the distribution channels. So what you should really expect is you'll see -- we closed it probably at the end of Q1, so maybe some business as usual kind of Q1, and then we'll be back to when we close as to whether there's any effect. But it's quite possible you'll never notice it in the face of the P&L and we really won't chat much about it other than your core second point, which is what's going to change from a geography standpoint. Well, Brazil likely, by that time, will no longer be in the North America segment. It will roll through, will deconsolidate, and you'll see it in income, but you won't see it in the pieces above the operating line.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. Just to add to what David said, what we talked back in January in Investor Day was to make sure that we exit '13 with a stabilization in Canada. I think David described it exactly right about where we are. I do think his guidance for fiscal '14 about Canadian revenue growth in the mid-single digits and local currency is really where we really want to be.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Jason, it's Jeff. I would just add to that, that without trying to parse it even further, when we separated it out that way, there's the core spread as David described, and then we always do assume that there's pricing attrition. So we don't assume any pricing changes continuing in perpetuity.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And, Bryan, it's Jeff. I would just go back to what we said in January at our Investor Day, stabilizing Canada is an important part of what we're trying to achieve toward the end of fiscal '13 going into '14. That coupled with the investment in APT and the actions that Dave described are big parts of the reason why we expect the margin to do what Dave described in '14.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Frank, it's Jeff. I would just add to what Paul said on that topic. Now la Caixa and CaixaBank has relationships with other financial institutions with multinational merchants in markets not just in Brazil but around the rest of Latin America. So if you go back to Paul's prepared comments, it's important that this is focused in Brazil. But we're also looking at the picture in the rest of Latin and South America, where CaixaBank has many relationships, both on the customer as well as on the financial institution side.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Craig, it's Jeff. The answer is absolutely. So we've seen a sea change in the Brazilian marketplace in the last year, so coming out of the Itau purchase of Redecard. I think other large banks in market recognize that they're after the same book of business, from a banking point of view, that Itau is after. So the receptiveness that we've gotten since that deal was announced and certainly closed has gone up quite a bit versus where it was when we first started in that market 2.5 years ago. And I think we'll see more of that down the road.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: George, it's Jeff. No, it hasn't. I actually think the CaixaBank announcement should highlight that we expect to increase our strategic focus on -- in Brazil. As Paul mentioned, we started operating in that region. As we said previously in the fourth quarter, fiscal '13, so we're live with customers now, which obviously, is a key milestone for what we're doing. We think that the rationale behind the CaixaBank deal will allow us to accelerate the growth of that business, make additional investment, as Paul described, and bring many of the leading-edge products and technologies that CaixaBank has in Spain, in many cases, with us in partnership into the Brazilian marketplace. So I actually see it as quite the opposite. It also adds, George, the ability to look at additional markets in Latin and South America beyond Brazil through their relationships. I view that as additive to our investment in Brazil. But I think it means that we feel very good about where we are there, and we're very pleased to expand our partnership with CaixaBank into that market.
