Paul R. Garcia: Yes. I don't think we're expecting fundamental changes in sort of the core spread declines, Jim, on an organic basis. And I'll turn this over to Jeff in a second to talk about the market, what we're seeing there. What you will see though, as the year goes on, first off, is less pressure year-over-year from a currency perspective, which will, assuming like a big difference in the reported outlook in U.S. dollars. In addition, we have a couple of different actions, again I'll let Jeff add color to this, working on some products, pricing and also some sales actions over the course of the year to begin to have a little more impact in Q3 and Q4. But again, really nothing fundamental changing in terms of the trajectory and some of the ongoing pressures. There's some things around the edges that help ameliorate things later in the year.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Tien-Tsin, this is Paul. The APT deal was unique in that there are really not a lot of companies that we're familiar with that fit that profile. The reaction from our ISO customers has been, I think, the correct one. And that is, they know this has no impact on their relationship with us. There's no impact on their relationship with existing or potential customers. And they're in no way disadvantaged at all. In fact, it's possible they may take up some additional services and offerings out of this deal as we understand more about what we can do with this asset. So the reaction has been pretty much, really, not much of a reaction at all, quite frankly. Now so and also to be clear what we would -- do you expect us to do more of these deals, I think it's probably unlikely we're going to be actively participating in other ISO opportunities because once again, this was something that was unique.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, I think we've -- what you have to like about what we've done in terms of sort of resetting the cap structure is we have attractive pricing, we have attractive amortization, so we now have the flexibility to pursue, win or not, usually exclusive goals. So we have an excellent authorization for buyback. As you know, we have a track record of executing on those buybacks, there's 138 million remaining. So it's pretty mature to talk about anything beyond what we've done to date and the fact that we have a track record to execute on those. But this gives us the opportunity to do both those things, continue to pursue growth while appropriately balancing that with returning capital to shareholders with buybacks. And that's really how I think about the dry powder at this point.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Brett, thank you for that last comment, this is Paul. I would tell you that we are limited in what we could say. We will tell you that part of the pipeline that Jeff just referred to does involve Europe. And there are some attractive properties. We can talk about one opportunity in Spain. As you know, la Caixa has purchased some financial institutions or merging with those, and they do have some portfolios available. And we always said that when that happens, we'll have an opportunity to do something here. Those aren't big at all. But there are some other opportunities outside of Spain that we are pursuing. So I would tell you, stay tuned.
Paul R. Garcia: Okay, Wayne, thank you. Well, I think it would be disingenuous to suggest that all the advertisements, Square in particular, and of course some recent announcements from Groupon that's trying to one up them, doesn't have some impact. So you could say that they have kind of set the high bar at whatever they announce. Now the reality is there's a lot more to pricing. I think that our ISOs who are primarily involved with that space, that's not really something we pitch directly. They do sign tens of thousands, tens of thousands of new customers every single month with us, and successfully doing so. In some cases, the headline rate is lower than the Square rate. In many cases though, it's not, and in some -- in most cases there are some fees, appropriate fees. I think that the major difference between what they're doing and what Square's doing, I would say their business is pretty profitable. I think Square has different objectives other than profit because at these levels on these merchants, they can't be making a whole bunch. I think Groupon, obviously I don't have any deep insight there, Wayne, but they're taking advantage of touching all of those merchants and that's probably a clever add-on. And they are another ISO, for want of a better term, and welcome to the party and let's see how they do.
Paul R. Garcia: Sure, happy to. I think first, I'd start by reminding you and everyone else that routing is something we do on behalf of our customers as inexpensively and as well as we can. That means on a routine basis, we are always looking for the cheapest option. I don't regard the debit routing incentives that you're describing that have been disclosed by other parties in the market as a huge sea change in the way debit is processed in the market in terms of the economics to us. Each couple of years, we are looking almost from a procurement perspective, to get the best deal we can, and this is this year's example of it. Is there a benefit in our income statement this year? Absolutely. It is quite small and nothing I would point out to you very directly. I would suggest it's probably an effective strategy and we are happy to work with folks who incent us and give us the best benefits we can to give routing and drive the most volume to the right places.
Paul R. Garcia: Yes, I would think of -- I would say more the former. I think it's -- I'm not in any way dissing the clever nature of it and I think that certainly garnered a lot of headlines. But there are some inherent pricing disadvantages to how they're approaching it. And also some of the kind of the sexy stuff they're doing is still not to be realized and quite frankly, not proprietary like facial recognition and things. What I would say, Jason, is that I think you'll see more clever creative approaches. But I think what we saw with PayPal is more indicative. And I know it sounds a little self-serving, but I happen to believe it’s 100% accurate. It's more indicative, I think, of how we'll see things happen. There are very well, well-worn, very proven ways to get back and forth to merchants, and those people that want to ride those rails and willing to pay all the participants appropriately will find themselves with a huge amount of new customers. I mean I think the PayPal adoption versus the Square adoption, I think you'll see some significant differences with the emphasis on the PayPal side just because of what they're doing.
Paul R. Garcia: Well I would say the former, not the latter, that we think this has a more immediate impact. Now I would tell you, even though -- in fact, we haven't actually closed the deal yet. But we haven't been waiting to do that to have conversations, number one. Number two, they're not just necessarily CUP related. I think your point's well made, though. It took years and years and years, Dan, to establish a presence. By the way, we're in 4 areas now with CUP. We haven't really made a big deal out of it, but we now have expanded that geography well beyond where we were even in the last call. I think we had 2 last one and we added 2 more since. So we're expanding throughout PRC with CUP acceptance. But what we're talking about is something even more dramatic than that. Now I hesitate to say that, that will take 6 months or 6 years, but the bias is to have something happen more quickly that is -- that will move the needle. And that's what we're all focused on.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, I think that's also tough to pin us down. I would say both. There are some countries where you're looking at a series of relationships and there's others where just one could be significant. And we'll approach them all differently and there's other ways to -- I mean, there's ways to structure those relationships, not necessarily all cash. So just a couple -- so we've been working for quite some time and I would say this, you're right. In a year from now, if we're still talking about this, we don't have anything to show it for, I'll be disappointed.
Paul R. Garcia: Well, Glenn, we don't really parse the specific markets out. If you look at Spain itself, we saw transaction growth there. You continue, as you would expect, in that market and that economy to see pressure on average tickets. So all in, I think we're seeing organic growth and that's a tribute to the partner we have in that market, la Caixa. So fundamentally, we have organic growth in Spain, which I think is a pretty unique thing to say.
Paul R. Garcia: Start with Groupon and then Square. Yes, I think, Glenn, Square is another competitor. I think they've done a very clever job of going after a much smaller customer, and I think their innovation with the first guy out, their advertisement, I mean that stuff is all very impressive. And Jack Dorsey's an impressive guy. I mean, he's -- it's kind of he's bringing some excitement to our business and I personally am grateful for that. But in terms of what impact it has for us, I would say it's not a business we're in, number one, with Starbucks aside, well, that wasn't our customer. It's not a business we're in, number one. Number two, he's got -- I would tell you he's got some challenges if that is his economic model. The reason none of us have chased that business is it's not terribly attractive. Now we do have one of our ISOs who signs thousands and thousands of Square-like merchants right now successfully. That is a slightly different model. He hasn't cornered the market on that. So long story short, I would say that there are more benefits to have Square as a competitor, quite frankly, than there are negatives. Okay. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us on the call this evening.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, thanks, David. Jim, it's Jeff. If you recall, there was a quarter last year where we really felt like the spread diminution got ahead of us. I think we've done a nice job and I think David's commentary reflects this, taking a very good view about what spread trends are likely to be for the year, and that's encompassed in our -- in David's guidance today. So as we said in the July call, we do expect Canada to be a modest headwind for this fiscal year, and we've done a few things just to be more specific. First, we had some reductions that we took at the end of last fiscal year, and we'll get the full year impact of that throughout fiscal '13. Second, we continue to see new good sales trends for new direct revenue signings, Jim, in Canada. Those will help as we go throughout the year so we're happy with that, as well as additional product introductions. And then selectively, throughout the year, price actions. So when I think you come to a good view on where spread is likely to continue to trend with the advantage of some of the things we've done last year and some good sales efforts this year, we feel comfortable with the guidance that David reiterated. And as you mentioned, in his prepared remarks, we did end up about as expected on income contribution for the quarter.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, thanks for pointing that out, Jim. Actually, attrition in Canada has declined fairly markedly in our Canadian business. I think, as I mentioned on some previous calls, I'm glad you raised it, we put in place a fair amount of analytics by way of framework around value-added customers, and we actually have seen a decline most recently in attrition, and that's part of our outlook that, that continue. And is part of the reason why we're giving the guidance we're giving for the rest of the fiscal year.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Well, I think what we've seen is the spread diminution persist, and we're going to make sure that we avoid some of the pitfalls, Jim, that we had last year, where we assume that we're really moderate and instead what I think we're doing is managing for that continued scenario, and if we're presently surprised, then that's a happy outcome for everybody.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Tien-Tsin, it's Jeff. I'll start. And David obviously, and Paul can jump in. First on the pricing changes, there really has not been a meaningful interchange change from the networks in Canada for, I believe, 3 years now. Tien-Tsin, that's a environment we've been living in for quite some time, and have taken selective actions as you know, over the last few years in that landscape. So we're not anticipating, Tien-Tsin, that, that change at all, and that been imbibed in our commentary and David's commentary about our outlook for the -- for fiscal '13. That's your second question first. On your first question, we have introduced DCC into the marketplace in Canada. I can tell you that, that product is running ahead of our expectations at this point, which was part of my explanation to Jim in his questioning. And we hope and expect that to continue in Canada. We're also looking at introducing other new products and customers in different segments use that marketplace in fiscal '13. So I feel good about where we are. It's really the small, medium-sized business spread diminution, coupled with a relatively difficult macroeconomic climate in that region. But we're managing for that, and I think we managed it well in the first quarter.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Yes, thanks, Roman. So just to give a quick update on Brazil. As a reminder, we're still licensing with the networks where we're heading toward the tail end of that process in licensing, and moving on to certification. I think one happy change with the Redecard transaction is that we are seeing a higher level of interest among potential bank partners in that market to pursue outsourcing, a JV or other relationships with us. For the sheer reason that they do view now, Redecard really is being a part of another financial institution. I think it's one thing to be owned by a number of financial institutions for banking products, and it's another to be owned by one, especially a large one, so we certainly have seen a pickup in interest, Roman, in the last number of months from the financial institutions in Brazil and having an active dialogue with us, which is consistent with what we thought, and it's good news.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Roman, it's Jeff. I'll talk with the Brazil question. I think David will tell you about the tax rate. While I'm on Brazil, we're very much toward the tail end, I believe, of the licensing effort with both the networks in Brazil and then it really moves toward certification. So what we are targeting is toward the tail end of this fiscal year, fiscal '13, to be in pallid [ph] and then to be live. That goes beyond the licensing and certification date, because obviously then, we're ramping up the sales force and introducing the products and then going into pilot. And February, as you know, in Brazil tends to be a pretty light month given the schedule down there. But I would say that we're very pleased and on track with where we are with licensing, and we view certification as really the next step and with our technology partner there, we feel like they've got a lot of visibility in getting that done.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: Glenn, it's Jeff. Let me start with that and David and Paul, obviously, can jump in. So we're very pleased in our partnership with Discover and with PayPal that was part of our announcement today with our earnings. I would say that we're going to actively market this through Discover in the same way that we have a very active partnership with Discover in the United States and around the world today. So this is another way that we're making it easier for our merchants to accept any form of payment from a consumer that, that consumer chooses to utilize. Just like CUP, for example, is something we enable acceptance for around the world, so is PayPal at the point-of-sale in the United States. PayPal on PayPal is something else that we're going to enable acceptance among our merchant base, which I think is very exciting for them. In terms of a revenue lift, I think it's too early to really get into that kind of segmentation. I think you'll note that Discover has said that is really a Q2 2013 calendar initiative for Discover and PayPal. So we're very excited about it. But we really view it as another point of technology-enabled distribution that we can provide as a value to our customer base.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: I would just say, it's Jeff. Let me just add to what David said. I would say from an M&A pipeline point of view, we still have a very full pipeline. I would say most of the deals are probably on the smaller side in terms of purchase price from a capital point of view versus some of the deals that we've done to date. So we're pleased with the opportunities, but those look like they're probably going toward the smaller side versus the larger.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: And, Jason, it's Jeff. I would just add to that, we're very pleased with how we're doing in new wins in the gaming business. You probably saw our press release some time ago about a new customer win, and we're very happy with how that's going and more to come.
Jeffrey S. Sloan: That's an excellent point. Because -- thank you, David. Because India and also some other markets, quite frankly, that we're, quite frankly, we're not in but would like to that have some reasonable demographics.
David E. Mangum: Yes, thanks, David. Roman, I think your point about the chatter. I think we should be worried about ISOs that potentially could be looking for a transaction. I would tell you, it is a rare ISO and I would speak for ours, I know some of them that aren't ours. It's a rare ISO that isn't for sale at the right price. This is some more overt action that takes place from time-to-time. But I would tell you it is to be expected. And quite frankly, although you never say never, I am not -- I would not tell you to expect us to be actively engaged in any of those processes.
David E. Mangum: From a tax rate, Roman, I would point you back to 2012 where you saw the same trajectory, a higher Q1, a much lower Q2 through Q4. What's happened in each of the last 2 years, the start of the year is U.K. has changed its effective corporate income tax rates. That causes us to revalue some of our deferred tax assets, which causes us to take some extra tax expense in Q1, and it all washes through with lower rates, as you said in your question, in Q2, Q3 and Q4, on the way to be about 29% we expect to see for the full year.
David E. Mangum: Glenn, it's David, and then I'll let Paul comment as well. So what we saw in Q1, maybe not different from some other headlines you've seen around Asia. We saw a bit of a decline in average ticket, which hindered growth a little bit. We're obviously watching that closely. Maybe as important as anything else is we expect Asia to be on profit for the year, it was on profit for the quarter. We have managed out some unprofitable merchant relationships, you know about the airline we managed out 2 or 3 quarters ago, so that obviously was a bit of a hindrance to growth. So in looking at sort of the macro in Asia, looking at the initial indicator of the average ticket, we're taking a slightly more cautious look at the top line in Asia, not the bottom line. We still expect our business in Asia to achieve its bottom line objectives. So when you pull the pieces together, we're expecting higher growth in Q3 and Q4 than we've seen in Q1, a little better performance in Q2 as well. And to marry that, just to explain it a little bit because it's the obvious follow-up, what we're seeing is a couple of product launches in Q3 and Q4 from some of our big merchants, particularly some big electronics merchants. We do expect to have volume from some new referral partners we've signed coming online in Q3 and Q4 as well. We've got some targeted marketing actions around some of our products, installment payment plan products and dynamic currency products as well. But all in, yes, you read the tea leaves correctly. A little cautious on the top line outlook, but feeling like the execution there in Asia to drive the bottom line.
David E. Mangum: And, Glenn, I would also tell you in all fairness, it's similar economics. And the question is, does it result in additional transactions going from cash or you're just taking another credit or debit card and turning it into this one? And quite frankly, we don't know that. We suspect probably a little bit of that. And I think -- so we're going to -- this is about offering products and services to our customers. It's about supporting -- Discover has been a great partner and quite frankly, PayPal is a great customer of ours as well. So it just made a lot of sense for us and -- but I would think any revenue implications this year are going to be modest. I would like to comment on Asia-Pacific though, if I may, and go back. The issue with Asia-Pacific, and we've said this a number of times, is about $35 million for the quarter. If it increased by 10% or 15% or 20%, I mean it's a very small increase for the company overall. I mean, it might impact the overall growth by 1% or 2% on the upper end. The opportunity for Asia is all about taking advantage of China and India. And heretofore, we really haven't had that opportunity with this transaction we're hoping will close in the not-too-distant future, we now can take advantage of that. And that's where the excitement is. So hopefully, we'll be talking about Asian growth that is significant, and eventually a significant part of our company.
David E. Mangum: Yes, sure, I'd be happy to give you some of those pieces. So the way to think about this just in terms of progression sequentially is that the North America margins likely hang around about where they are on a cash basis over the course of the year. You see a little bit more movement in the international pieces just depending on the timing of some FX and how the pieces come together in terms of the performance in which market, at which margin do we see the performance over the course of the year. So you'll see more movement in international sequentially than domestic. Now what you'll see in total when we add all this together is almost some traditional seasonality. So you see our margins dip a little bit into Q2 and then into Q3, which is our seasonally weakest quarter around the world. And in other words, in every market around the world in that December through February period for us, you'll see our lowest margin and you'll see the margins come back maybe toward even Q1 levels in Q4. And then all in, that's where you'll get the overall impact. Now recall, when I say that about the U.S. margins, that means that -- or the U.S. margins -- excuse me, the North American margins, they are being held by the addition of APT coming in, in Q2 and helping provide a little more ballast to that margin in Qs 2, 3 and 4, hence the trajectory there may be a little different from your model right now just because of that little bit of extra help you get in each of the quarters from APT.
David E. Mangum: Yes, I think the simplest answer, Brett, is we can assume right now that almost every dollar of that available cash is abroad, is overseas. And it was another piece of what was important about straightening out the cap structure, was to make sure that we have the flexibility to go anywhere with capital deployment. So I appreciate the question, I'm glad. I should have highlighted that earlier.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Wayne, it's David. We continue to move methodically through the G2 migrations. As we've discussed, we're not giving lots of highlights and so we're not giving expectations. We have moved large customers, including our largest customer, onto the platform and we continue to move through in a very collaborative environment with our customers as we nail their requirements, and we're ready to move when they are ready to move, we continue to move through the base. So we think we're on track in continuing the solid performance in this regard, not highlighting it because with everything else going on with all the moving parts, it's not core to the strategy to rush customers toward G2 when they're processing perfectly well with great service on existing platforms.
David E. Mangum: Yes, this is David. At this point, it would be difficult analytically to find the impact and parse out the impact of debit legislation. Anything we've discussed with you before, which really dates back almost to January when we last really parsed this individually, remains in the base. We do expect, obviously over a very long period of time, water finds its own level and pricing is pricing. But right now, the price is the price and any debit legislation that's in the price continues to be in the price, and we continue to work in a highly competitive market, signing new merchants and retaining and maintaining existing. But analytically, it'd be very difficult to parse that out for you right now.
David E. Mangum: Yes. Thus far, Jason, this is David, it's right on track for what we expected. So we haven't seen it yet. An interesting question, certainly bears watching and we are watching closely, but thus far, right on track.
David E. Mangum: Yes, Jason, we are, not just materially off the run rate of last Q4. So it's up a bit year-over-year, but sort of lost in the sauce inside of $3-plus of overall cash earnings.
David E. Mangum: And, Dan, this is David, maybe a little more color. Part of that focus is additional partnerships that you can structure now while maintaining the fabulous partnership we have with HSBC in the market. And you can tell that from the extension of the marketing group with them, but expanding partnerships around the region rather than a pure singular focus on China, which is a bit of how I took your question. So there are opportunities to move maybe more quickly than just the China you've tracked over the last few years.
Kevin D. McVeigh: Just wonder if you could give us a little more color on margin progression across international North America on a sequential basis, quarterly for the balance of the year, just directionally.
Kevin D. McVeigh: Yes. And just so I think I'm clear, the full year impact of the margin progression would really be more significant in terms of the back half of the year, right? If it's a full year impact. So if it's 50 basis points, is it 100 in the back of the year and that just annualizes to the 50? Just a little more color on margins overall, that would be great.
Kevin D. McVeigh: Super. And then any sense of -- and this may be hard to kind of segment, but of the 850, how much would be kind of dedicated towards buyback? It sounds like you're a little hampered in the quarter versus growing the business organically versus potential acquisitions.
