Steve Milligan: Thank you, Peter, and good morning, everyone. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. For the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we reported revenue of $4.2 billion and non-GAAP gross margin of 31.3%. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $738 million and we delivered $1.45 in non-GAAP earnings per share with $469 million in operating cash flow during the quarter. Despite a softening business environment, our fiscal second quarter results were generally within our guidance ranges. Consistent with indications we provided at our Investor Day, overall demand trends exhibited a negative bias as the quarter progressed, subsequent commentaries from several companies in our served markets and highlighted continued demand weakness. Geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions have contributed to our customers having a more cautious outlook. Additionally Flash industry dynamics remain challenging. Consequently, our outlook for the March quarter will be significantly weaker than it would otherwise be given normal seasonality. I will comment on the actions that we are taking in response to current business conditions. First, we have been transparent in sharing our views on the evolving business environment and we'll continue to do so. In December 2017, we were the first to describe normalization trends in Flash and since then we've enhanced our disclosures to provide greater insight into how we are performing in both Flash and hard drives. Second, from a product perspective, we are entering calendar 2019 with the strongest product portfolio in our history. We expect to further enhance our portfolio throughout the year. In Flash, we continue to lead the industry's transition to 96 layer BiCS4 technology. We expect broad implementation of this technology across our product portfolio in calendar 2019. We have 96 layer products in customer hands today. In the December quarter of calendar 2019, we expect BiCS4 to achieve BiCS mix crossover with the BiCS3 from a supply standpoint. The product development investments we have made are yielding results. Specifically, we have completed development of internal controller and firmware architectures that can be leveraged across our portfolio in client, enterprise, mobile and embedded applications. We now address all the key categories for the enterprise SSD market. In addition, we will be sampling our enterprise NVMe product with BiCS4 by mid-2019. We have a significant market position with our NVMe client portfolio and expect to further capitalize on this success. We will be shipping our mainstream client SSD based on BiCS4 in the March quarter. Our embedded solutions are now shipping to all of the top global smartphone manufacturers enabled by our expanding portfolio of UFS products. Surveillance, automotive and gaming are attractive growth opportunities for Flash and we are already making inroads in these areas. In hard drives we continue to provide the enterprise market with leading aerial densities, enabling the highest capacity points and most cost-effective solutions. We have had an exceptionally smooth qualification process for our 14-terabyte helium drive and expect customer qualification activities for this industry-leading offering to be completed at virtually all of our customers in the current quarter. We've already commenced revenue shipments for several customers. Last quarter we announced a 15 terabyte offering at our Investor Day and described our plans for a 16-terabyte product based on energy assist technology. This will be followed by an 18-terabyte product, details of which will be shared later this calendar year. Data Center Systems continue to gain momentum across all of its product offerings in the quarter. As we've previously indicated, we are taking actions to right-size our factory production levels while ensuring we maintain our competitiveness and technology leadership. In Flash we are executing on the previously announced changes.
Steve Milligan: All right. Well, I don't know where we cut off. Anyway I'm going to back up - sorry about that, I'm going to back a little bit on my script. As we have previously indicated, we are taking actions to right-size our factory production levels while ensuring we are maintaining our competitiveness and technology leadership. In Flash, we are executing on the previously announced changes to our wafer output levels to reduce our bit supply growth for calendar 2019. We are also making adjustments to the pace of our capital investments in Flash in order to align of our bit output with our market demand. Additionally, we have accelerated the closure of our Kuala Lumpur hard drive manufacturing facility by almost three quarters. Lastly, we are implementing substantial cost and expense reductions across the company. In total, we are targeting $800 million in annualized reductions in non-GAAP cost and expenses. Mike and Mark will provide further details in their prepared remarks. The long-term growth opportunities for our business remain unchanged. Transformative trends such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, autonomous vehicles, mobility, and IoT will continue to drive massive amounts of data that needs to be captured, preserved, accessed, and transformed. Western Digital remains well-positioned to further capitalize on the fundamental opportunities associated with the rapid growth in the volume and value of data. I want to thank the Western Digital team and all our partners for their ongoing support. With that, I will now ask Mike to share our business highlights.
Steve Milligan: Yes and Aaron with regards to dividend we absolutely remain committed to our dividend. And so it's as simple as that.
Steve Milligan: Yes just to reiterate our view of the first half is remains the same, roughly flat growth year-over-year. It was our tough compare as you know what's growth resuming in the back half.
Steve Milligan: Yes. So in terms of the guidance, it's about an 80:20 split. In terms of the delta from quarter - our current quarter to the past quarter.
Steve Milligan: No. In the slide deck it was talking about our client solutions business of that external hard drives. We do not see any of that within sort of standard devices business. The Capacity Enterprise or any of the other direct to OEM businesses.
Steve Milligan: I will restate the answer. In terms of inventory for the past quarter on a sequential basis we grew inventory by a little over $300 million and that was virtually all hard drive related and that was a function of both the bills associated with our KL closures and our return to normal inventory levels for capacity enterprise. So we did not have a significant build from a dollar standpoint in Flash. On a year-over-year basis, we have grown a little over $1 billion, and it's roughly half Flash and half hard drives. And it's basically, the same drivers for hard drives, but with Flash, it is a function of the cycle and holding more inventory. So that's our current position.
Steve Milligan: So the confidence we have is a number of things. Obviously, it's through direct conversations with our customers. It's a combination of the rate of growth relative to their services remains sort of steady and constant. So what they need to do collectively is get through their optimizations as well as in some cases, there are some excess inventory in this system for that group of customers. So a combination of those factors gives us confidence that will see the growth resume for us in both sides of a business and the second half of the year.
Steve Milligan: Yes, and the other thing Mehdi that I would add to that is we have to keep in mind that these are our traditional customers. I mean they deal with this across the product spectrum. We are a known supplier to them and so we're able to deliver the right product at the right time with the right cost. We arguably have a pretty good head start anyway given our pre-existing relationships.
Steve Milligan: So two things. No. I'm not sure that you're characterizing the relationships the right way. We have the ability to throttle our wafer start levels on our own. Now there are certain fixed costs that they have incurred. For example building, setting up the building, some of the infrastructure costs that we don't pay directly that we are still obligated to pay for. And so we talked about this last quarter on our earnings call when we looked at that from the broad economic perspective from a cash perspective we determined that it was more economical given the supply demand situation to cut our wafer starts which we are doing and are in the process of doing and that will carry you through your kind of the first half of this year and we'll continue to evaluate what level that needs to be. But from your characterization and relationship is not correct. And the economic consequences of that for us were favorable well from a cash perspective essentially.
Steve Milligan: No. Fair question, Amit. And the reality of it is just to be upfront. I'm not happy with the hard drive margins. I'm disappointed by the level there. It's driven by two things: one, weaker or lower capacity enterprise mix, which obviously capacity enterprise hard drive carries a higher-margin profile. And by the way we are carrying a cost burden in the HDD space, which is the reason why we're closing of Kuala Lumpur and not only the reason we're closing it, but also acceleration of that. And so as we finalize the closure of that facility and capacity enterprise are mix improves in the back half of the year, we'll see those margin levels to return to a more acceptable and traditional level on the hard drive space.
Steve Milligan: Well, let me give you a little bit. Let me answer your question. I'm going to broaden that question. So let's talk a little bit about how we see 2019 playing out. So let me talk about the top line first. So we would expect that for next quarter our fiscal Q4 and I'm going to speaking relatively general terms, but this will help all of you. Our revenue levels to look pretty consistent with what we're expecting for fiscal Q3. Going into the back half of the year we would expect that our revenues will begin to improve for two principal reasons: one, improvement in capacity enterprise volumes as our hyperscale customers return to more normal buying patterns and resumption of growth in terms of capacity enterprise. And then additionally, let's call it a seasonal bump in terms of our revenue kind of call it across the board both in terms of Flash as well as in other areas. So our revenue will begin to improve. Now I'm going to start your question on margin for the time being. I'm going to talk a little bit about OpEx. OpEx this quarter in terms of expectations, Mark touched on it is inflated beyond what it would normally be. It's an inflated -- it's inflated really because of a couple of different reasons. Inflated compared to fiscal Q2, because one we've got FICA taxes that kick in this quarter that for a higher wage or people that will kind of go away as we move through the quarter. And then the other thing is that we had some variable comp, credits that were in the December quarter that will not reoccur in terms of in the March quarter. So that's why that compared looks a little bit odd. When you then move to the balance of the year, one we've got operating expense actions that we will be taking that will – the full effect of that will be realized in September, but you will begin to see more of a benefit of that in the June quarter. So OpEx will be trending down as we move through the year to a $740 million level starting the September quarter. After one complexity in the September quarter's we will have 14 weeks of operating expenses versus 13. So we all need to keep that in mind from a modeling perspective. From a margin perspective that is always difficult to determine. And it is really the wildcard. Clearly, from a Flash supply and demand perspective, which is consistent with what others have said, we expect that we're going to continue to be under pressure as we move through the first half of the year. The second half is a little harder to say, but I'm going to tell you what we are assuming. It doesn't mean that it's going to happen, but I'll tell you what we're assuming is that we are assuming that margin pressure in the Flash area will persist through calendar 2019. Now we're doing that for really one principal purpose from a financial modeling perspective and that we want to have a conservative bias, so we're kind of - I'll call it planning for the worst that is leading us to the actions that we outlined from a cost and expense perspective in terms of either accelerating actions that we are already planned or taking new actions to take cost and expense out of our system. But it's obviously not fully within our control to say how is Flash supply and demand going to play out as we move through the calendar year, because obviously we've got demand which there is a fair amount of fluidity and uncertainty associated with that right now. And then, we do not have – clearly, we don't have control nor do we have complete visibility in terms of the production level of our competitors. I know it's a long answer. What that will mean from an EPS perspective is that you – is that probably next quarter will look a lot like this quarter in terms of EPS performance. With some level of improvement as we move through the back half of the year with one exception in that we don't know how the 14-week can we make up for that 14th week of OpEx in the September quarter in other words can we get 14 weeks of sales. That's always a challenging thing that when we get 14 weeks. But that's kind of how the year is going to look based upon our current expectations.
Steve Milligan: Reinvestment. Yes, so let me comment on that. I'm sorry. Yes. Reinvestment. One other things we make this point. One of the things that we are trying to do -- obviously, we need to tighten our belts, there is no question about that. I mean, it's a challenging market. Margins have been under pressure. So we obviously need to tighten our belts and we will do everything to do that. One of the things that we don't want to do I've used this phrase before as cut our nose off in spite of our face, right. So we don't want to unreasonably curtail our investments in terms of fundamental technology or in terms of fundamental product offerings. So those are areas where at present we other than trying to push on efficiencies and things like that we're not making fundamental cuts that we will believe will hurt either our short-term or our long-term competitiveness. Now that being said, as market conditions evolve, we will continue to evaluate. At present that's what we're trying to do and we believe that we can do that even with the aforementioned cuts that we're making in both cost and expenses.
Steve Milligan: So, going back to the Investor Day, we absolutely standby and – our ability to have the lowest cost per bit from a NAND perspective. So that belief and conviction remains.
Steve Milligan: No. I think as Steve pointed out, we standby our long-term financial model with the gross margins of 35% to 40% for the reasons we stated at Investor Day. Currently, because primarily of the Flash cycle, we are below that range, we highlighted, we will periodically operate below the range and periodically operate above the range. And our actions are designed to improve our cost structure as we said a lot of that is focused on the HDD side of things, but we continue to believe that overtime as the Flash market normalizes and returns to a balanced stage, we will get head back towards our target range. But we haven't given a timetable for that.
Steve Milligan: So you're absolutely right. I mean, free cash flow if you were essentially -- well cash flow were essentially were slightly free cash flow positive for the quarter. Right now, I mean, obviously, as our earnings compress cash flow terms under more pressure. I can tell you that what I am pushing the team, in other words, challenging the team is that, I'm going to talk about the current quarter that we remain free cash flow neutral for fiscal Q3. That's going to be a challenge. Certainly, not saying that don't take it as guidance per se. But we are absolutely pushing on cash flow. That is our number one priority. And so we are looking at all the levers we can from an economical standpoint to maintain a free cash flow neutral position from an operating perspective. And of course, that's before any financing activities whether that's payment of our dividend or any debt -- inventory debt pay-downs that we might have. And so we are successful at maintaining free cash flow from an operating perspective that would mean that we'd have kind of I'll call it relatively modest decline in our aggregate cash balance ending in the March quarter. So that's where we're challenging ourselves. But you're absolutely right. And valid to focus on that and it remains very much of a high-priority from my standpoint and accordingly with the rest of the management team.
Steve Milligan: No. We've talked about previously. We have exited that marketplace from a new developments standpoint. We are getting near the tail end of our participation from production shipments. So from that standpoint we prioritized investment in enterprise SSD and other areas. So from an overall market share standpoint, we probably seated some market share in the quarter just reported, but that's really about the end of our – our end of life shipment scenario.
Steve Milligan: Let me comment. So I think channel inventories are slightly elevated. And inventory at end customers in certain pockets there's a substantial amount and that's part of the muted demand we see as we came into the quarter.
Steve Milligan: So thank you very much for joining us and we certainly look forward to continuing our dialogue. So have a great rest of the day. Thank you very much.
Mike Cordano: So two things. One is the quality of the product we're bringing the market in terms of its relative competitiveness. And you sort of stated one of the other motivations. There is two guys with a lot of market share. They all preferred to diversify. So there is a pull from our customer base on those two factors and they're rather significant.
Mike Cordano: And just to address the qualitative side, we do continue to expect to be in that $1.5 billion to $1.9 billion range for total cash CapEx for fiscal 2019.
Mike Cordano: So let me try to answer. That is normal. And that's really the benefit of the technology transition gets you the crossover earlier. But we have to continue to transition the fab to get a bit crossover. So that is standard and normal. And we've talked about this notion of our long-term cost down between 15 and 25. We think this year is at the lower end of that range and is driven as we get more of the production over to the BiCS4 96 layer output.
Mike Cordano: And certainly, I don’t - I mean, obviously people have talked about a softening environment in China in kind of a broad sense. And that's generally what we've seen and it's kind of across the board. I don't think that we've seen anything that is unusual or deviates from that. In other words smartphone guys are kind of enterprise business. So just kind of a general weakness but nothing that stands out in particular to highlight.
