Steve Milligan: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal second quarter financials and wrap-up with our guidance for the fiscal third quarter. At our Investor Day on December, we took the opportunity to present our differentiated platform, strategy, and business model, and to describe the significant growth opportunities for our company. With a growing storage industry and evolving data driven requirements, we are uniquely positioned to help define and drive the storage architectures of the future. We are pleased with the increasingly strategic interactions we are having with customers validating our approach to value creation. We reported strong financial performance in the December quarter enabled by excellent operational execution by our team. The favorable trends across all of our end markets that began earlier in 2016 continued. This included healthy demand for capacity enterprise hard drivers, all NAND based products, and hard drives in client applications helped by stronger than expected PC demand. We reported revenue of $4.9 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 37%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.30 outperforming the revised guidance provided at our Investor Day. We continue to execute well on two key strategic priorities, the integration of HGST, SanDisk, and WD, and the ramp of our 3D NAND technology. The transition to 3D technology continues as planned with the ramp of our 64-layer architecture. We commenced retail shipments and OEM sampling of our 64-layer products in the December quarter. As we demonstrated at Investor Day, we are executing methodically and thoughtfully on our technology strategy and we fully expect our leadership in 2D NAND to extend into 3D NAND. In 2017 and beyond, you will see the deployment of our 64-layer 3D NAND across our product portfolio spanning removable embedded client SSD and enterprise SSD offerings. As we all know from recent disclosures by Toshiba and news reports, our flash joint venture partner is facing challenges. We have been in regular communication with them over the last several weeks. We are confident that their semiconductor memory business remains healthy and strategically viable. Under any circumstance we will act to protect Western Digital's interest and work to ensure that we maintain the leadership position of our joint venture. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to our Chief Technology Officer, Steve Campbell who is leaving the company after 20 years of distinguished service to Western Digital. I also want to welcome Martin Fink on board as our new CTO. Martin brings deep storage systems and memory driven computing expertise that will help us accelerate our ongoing transformation. I'm sure Martin is known to many of you from his years at HP where he most recently served as CTO and Director of HP Labs at HP Enterprise. I'm delighted to have him on the senior team at Western Digital. I will now turn the call over to Mike to provide business highlights in the December quarter.
Steve Milligan: We are -- this is Steve, Aaron. We are tight on capacity as it relates to capacity enterprise. The amount that we ship was not meaningfully impacted in terms of capacity constraints. But when you talk about this last quarter by the way given there is a large component count, if we saw demand spike in any regard we would struggle to meet some of that demand. But right now we are comfortable with where we are at from an overall capacity perspective but it is we are running pretty hard in terms of our capacity enterprise both in one account as well as on hard drive capacity.
Steve Milligan: Sherry, this is Steve. I would add a few comments. I mean as we talked about before and will reiterate on this call, we are dealing with a tight NAND situation. We expect that situation to persist from a supply perspective through the balance of 2017, calendar 2017. So that obviously has a positive impact on our gross margins. As well as Mike indicated, we are seeing good mix in terms of our products particularly in terms of capacity enterprise, that's helping us and I think it's also important to note that the margin model that we've talked about one is a long-term gross margin model. That doesn't mean to say that first off that we are not going to stop at 38%. I mean if we can improve our margins beyond that, we are going to do that. And there also maybe sometimes where we actually exceed that, but right now in terms of the current quarter that we now began, we expect to operate at the high-end for some of the factors that I just mentioned.
Steve Milligan: So we would also refer you to the investor material that we had at the Investor Day in terms of Exabyte growth kind of in the revenue growth and that's where I think there is a lot of good detail in terms of that side. If you want to call it segment of the business or market and generally speaking if you look at this last quarter both our growth, revenue growth, Exabyte growth, was generally in line with our previous expectations except for two things, capacity enterprise continues to push up to that 40% Exabyte growth that Mike talked about. And then also we saw a bit better of a PC market which helped us both in terms of our client SSD business as well as our hard drive business. And so really other than kind of a general rising of tides across the board, those were the only two segments that may be were a little bit better than what we expected. And if you can you repeat your second question, I don't remember that, well sorry.
Steve Milligan: Yes, I think that let me talk. I'll give kind of an indication in terms of total units just from HDD perspective. The TAM came in this past quarter in terms of calendar Q4 at call it 112 million unit range. We would say that it probably would dropped to let's just call it 100 million unit range and pretty much all of that decline is largely due to the PC area. I mean in terms of from a unit perspective. And NAND we would expect to be seasonally down understanding that there hasn't tight supply. So you're going to see a little bit better demand than what you normally would see just from a sequential perspective as well as the fact as pricing continues to remain healthy. So that will help from an overall revenue perspective. So that's just some general guidance for you to kind of work from.
Steve Milligan: Yes that's a really good question. I have Mark kind of address the specifics but yes I fail to mention that when Sherry asked her question but yet we still have meaningful synergies. So we had particularly on the WD and HGST side. We also have some revenue synergies and then vertical integration synergies on the SanDisk side, but you are absolutely right. As those begin to kick in further that will certainly help us to maintain or improve our existing margin levels. So Mark is --
Steve Milligan: Yes so we talked about it in the Investor Day that we expect that hammer technology will be productized sometime in the 2019 timeframe. There has been no change in our expectations as it relates to ourselves and others have talked about may be earlier than that. But in terms of our expectations, it's 2019. Now to be perfectly honest about that in terms of the question, the second part of your question, I mean there is two things that we have to do is that we have to demonstrate the capability of the technology so from an area of density standpoint as well as from a reliability and manufacturing perspective. And we also have to enable that technology so that it's competitive from a cost standpoint. Obviously given that we're not productizing until 2019, we haven't demonstrated that. And our view is that we would look to implement it until the economics or the products makes sense from a commercial perspective and so at this point, we would expect it largely to not impact our financials in any material way in terms of our financial model and that sort of thing.
Steve Milligan: I think you articulated our strategy very well and the benefits that we're actually seeing today and we expect to see on into the future as a result of our broad product portfolio and the way our teams are now able to engage differently with our customers. So we've seen great traction as Mike has talked about in terms of client SSDs as a great example but really this applies to the way, we manage the entire portfolio. So that's exactly how we see it and that's why we feel very good about our ability to achieve the near-term $500 million total synergy target that's the 18 months target after the deal. And then the longer-term I think it's $1.01 billion that we expected in 2020, so you're right on.
Steve Milligan: Right. So the other part goes to the way we classify this. So when we talk about our client solutions that is our retail branded business both flash and HDD base where things like surveillance show up is in our compliant devices business. So I think you'd expect similar trends that we saw relative to the strength of that business in our portfolio.
Steve Milligan: Right and I think the positive trend that comes with that market sort of an HDD side is the capacity requirements we get a preferable mix we all benefit from that. The other thing you should think about is that surveillance market is not just the HDD base. So when you think about the broader ecosystem around surveillance depending on the system that close a bit certainly there is an HDD component of it but there is a very strong forward-looking demand that requires flash-based storage when you think about the cameras themselves things that sit on the edge.
Steve Milligan: Yes, so few comments so, Rob yes I mean just a target about what we've to reaffirm what we've talked about in the past is that we expect that the cost crossover 0.4 of that's free technology that 64-layer 3D NAND will crossover against our 1G technology in the first half of calendar 2017 that remains the case, no change in that expectation at this point. And then the other thing is that what we had said historically is that approximately 50% of our total bid output for calendar 2017 will be 3D based. And obviously the majority of that will be 64-layer because that's what were transitioning to in terms of the cost crossover point. And so no real change on in our expectations in that regard. And I believe on the last conference call we've talked about, I think it was 40% of wafer, wafers out by the end of the year and that expectation remains the same.
Steve Milligan: No, in the December quarter was not a significant driver it helps. But we had a lot of underlying strength that really drove the overall performance. So it was a nice addition.
Steve Milligan: Let me answer it in the sequence the way you asked it. So I think relative to the buying behavior we've certainly always characterized this segment on a annualized basis for that reason. I think that was updated and increased our annual growth rate is an indication of our confidence now in going strength. We've talked previous conference calls around some of that reason that that's happening as their sort of fewer efficiency things happening in hyper scale whether they be operational or technological. We believe we continue to see more raw or base demand flowing through us for HD and micro. So we would expect that, that 40% growth for the current calendar year relative to the sort of the way we engage them I think we talked about this earlier we certainly benefit from the broad portfolio of products our ability to participate across both HDD and flash-based product offerings give us the unique position to work not only short-term relative to sort of business engagement. But also long-term as we think about long-range data center architectures in the future. So we have all the components we're uniquely positioned to have that conversation and we're already benefiting from that portfolio ultimately.
Steve Milligan: All right. So that's our last question, so I want to thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you very much.
Mike Cordano: First of all, I think the year-over-year growth; I talked about in my comments, Aaron. So we saw coming at kind of as expected in around 40%. The other thing I would say is some of this is timing of when this revenue shows up. So from our standpoint we are seeing consistent demand and continued and continued strength and demand there. So I don't think there is anything we would say was outside of our planning expectation. And let me just add to your comment on share, we don't believe we ceded any share in the period.
Mike Cordano: Well certainly hyperscale is generally a growing segment for us, Rich, and as you know that today is principally SATA based interface, so yes we see that as a growing market opportunity and participation for us.
Mike Cordano: Yes, let me comment first on performance enterprise. I think it's largely the seasonality the year-end purchase cycle that drove it. So we don't see any change in sort of our long-range plans relative to SSD as a substitute for performance enterprise. So we see that as more sort of a temporary effect. I will comment generally speaking on constraints around NAND whether it would be this category or the client category, the sort of tight supply situation is creating our modest bleeding effect for hard drive demand.
Mike Cordano: Yes, actually we really were operating within our expected range. I think we saw a little more strength on the flash side of the business driven by the same factors we talked about, but nothing unexpected there relative to either the HDD base or flash base part of that business.
Mike Cordano: Katy, let me comment on that, we are all like jumping at the bid to respond to that. We actually led the market in surveillance and so what's happening is that our largest competitor is now catching up to the party.
Mike Cordano: Well, that's I mean that's kind of I don't want to say difficult, I think that’s going to continue I mean obviously given in the world that we live in and I'm look at the geopolitical kind of thing I mean surveillance is a meaningfully growing part of the market and these are drives that are obviously optimized or those kind of used cases. And I think it's important to note that there will drives but before for surveillance applications may be in a smaller scale, they just want to optimize for those application. And so it does not necessarily mean that it is incremental growth in the overall HDD market it's just a matter of where they're been utilized.
Mike Cordano: Yes and Rob just to be literal we don't have an intention on disclosing the dollar amount of that arrangement with Samsung.
Mike Cordano: So give you some specific I think the tightness is, is helping in the client space so, the fact that there is tightness of supply makes more opportunity in the near-term for HDD demand to satisfy the storage requirement of a PC. Potentially in a much more modest way in the performance enterprise space we talked about that relative to our sequential growth in performance enterprise but they don't. The more pronounced factor there was actually just that the yearend budget, seasonal demand for enterprise systems.  And on the, on the cloud side no real effect so, where we are shipping destroys as an industry that's a specific value proposition and that demand is real when ongoing so there is clear differentiation in the architecture as relative to where flash is utilized or where disk is utilize so, there is no sort of reverse displacement there.
Mark Long: Well Rich let me just say this first with respect to running the business, we have more than adequate liquidity and we feel very good about both our cash balances and the location of our cash. So that's something we are in very good shape on. With respect to strategic opportunities and accessing additional cash, I would just say we don't comment on anything in particular. And with respect to accessing additional liquidity, we recognize there are variety of ways we can do it, we feel like we have good alternatives with respect to additional capital, if we find an opportunity that weren't accessing more capital. But at this point, we just feel very good about our liquidity, feel very good about the way the business is operating, and one of the things we should also highlight is all this is within the context of our long-term commitment to deleveraging. So we really feel like we are in a good position from a balance sheet standpoint.
Mark Long: With respect to our cash flow generation kind of two things, one at Investor Day, we talked about a long-term range between 37 and 42 days for our cash conversion cycle and we did come in below that range due to strong linearity and some other very good execution by our team. So we would expect that in the near-term we may be at the lower end of the range or slightly below it, but there -- over the long-term as we talked about at Investor Day as flash becomes a larger part of our revenue, we may operate closer to the middle or towards the high-end of that range but that's really a long-term statement.
Mark Long: So in terms of the first part and breaking down the Exabyte growth between hard drives and flash, we don't provide that that breakdown.
Mark Long: Let me just build on what Steve was saying. So as far as the COGS side from the HGST integration, we have achieved approximately half of the $350 million in run rate synergies that we expect to finish by the end of calendar 2017. So closing up this quarter we had approximately $175 million of cost of revenue synergies and another $175 million to get. So you're about right in that ballpark.
Mark Long: Yes primarily mix and pricing and then we continue to make progress on our cost improvement operation.
