Steve Milligan: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Olivier Leonetti, our Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Olivier will provide additional commentary on our September quarter performance and our outlook for the December quarter. This is an important time for Western Digital. We have announced several transformational developments over the last few weeks, including the planned investment in our company by Unisplendour, the decision by MOFCOM, and planned acquisition of SanDisk, coupled with our continued strong execution in the business, I am very excited about the company’s future and our ability to create long term value for our customers, shareholders and employees. We are proceeding with our integration in to a single company, as outlined in the MOFCOM decision, and we are submitting our applications for the regulatory reviews associated with the SanDisk acquisition, and Unisplendour investment. We look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Turning to the September quarter, industry demand for hard drives was moderately higher than expected, driven primarily by strength in demand for 2.5 inch devices for game consoles and notebook PCs. We reported revenues of $3.4 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 28.9%, and diluted earnings per share of $1.56. Our storage shipments for the September quarter grew to 64 exabytes from 56 exabytes in the June quarter. These results reflect continued strong product and technology positioning, coupled with solid execution. Our enterprise SSD revenue grew significantly to $233 million, reflecting the continued success of our SaaS SSD products in an increasingly competitive environment. Additionally we continue to ramp our new UltraStar PCIe NVMe offering. Revenue from our video surveillance hard drivers also continued its rapid growth, as customers embraced our expanding lineup of these multipurpose or purpose build solutions. We continue to see positive market reaction to the value proposition of our new active archive system. We anticipate this new systems business will generate meaningful revenue next fiscal year. We saw a good demand for our enterprise hard drives, especially our high capacity helium drives, with more than 1 million units shipped in the quarter. We are volume shipping our 8 terabyte helium drive and will be ramping our 10 terabyte helium drive in the year ahead. Overall, demand in the high capacity space was somewhat softer than anticipated. This was due to absorption of previously deployed storage assets purchased earlier in the calendar year by some of our large customers. Notwithstanding cyclicality within a given period, growth in the capacity enterprise sector will continue with a 35% CAGR and exabytes anticipated on an annualized basis through 2020. This is underpinned by the ongoing growth and data bank created and stored. Looking to the PC market, we are continuing to see some signs of stabilization in demand, driven by innovation, refresh cycles and normalization of PC inventories. We believe we have the opportunity to improve our financial performance due to the integration synergies associated with the recent MOFCOM decision, coupled with our continued favorable mix of business. Longer term, the acquisition of SanDisk and the investment by Unisplendour will help transform our company in to a storage technology leader with a broader set of products, deeper technology base, and an expanded addressable market. Olivier will now provide a summary of our September quarter performance and our outlook.
Steve Milligan: I’ll take that and then Olivier can add a little bit of a color, and this is Steve. If you look at benefits that we expect from the revised MOFCOM ruling is that, first thing is that we expect to realize $400 million of annual operating expense savings and then we’ve also commented that we’ll have material cost synergies. We have not quantified what material means in terms of cost synergies. Generally speaking, the 400 million of operating expense savings would be roughly equivalent to cash savings as our OpEx. The cost savings that we would realize, which have not been quantified would be a mixture of cash and depreciation, that sort of thing. So it’d be kind of a mixture.
Steve Milligan: I can comment on that because there’s a little bit of perspective, the four to eight days we announced that I think it was back in September of 2002 or ’03. It will help, sorry at this track of time, but you know shortly after the acquisition the composition of our business has changed dramatically since then particularly a lower percentage from a PC business which tended to have a higher cash conversion to more of an enterprise mix which has a slower cash conversion. So we’re going to need to reset at some point what that cash conversion cycle from a business perspective should be for our company.
Steve Milligan: The short answer is yes Aaron. What we haven’t done which - let’s keep in mind that prior to the revised ruling from MOFCOM we were precluded from doing any integration planning, and so we have begun detailed integration planning and all of that, and so we are not prepared at this point to indicate specifically a phasing or the timing of those OpEx synergies other than to indicate they’ll take place over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. But clearly we’re going to be looking at how we can bring those in as much as possible from a financial perspective while minimizing impact to our business. Okay.
Steve Milligan: So Rich I’ll take that question. As you know, we try to stay away from talking about specific either customers or types of customers. Obviously cloud service providers are a meaningful part of exabytes shipped on our part. But the absorption that I eluded to in my prepared remarks was a mixture of both traditional enterprise customers, if you want to call it that, as well as cloud service providers.
Steve Milligan: Well I think the first thing to keep in mind Rich is that, given the complimentary nature of the SanDisk and Western Digital transaction, it’s a different kind of an integration in that regard. That’s an important thing to contemplate. Simplistically, the answer to your question is, no it doesn’t really alter anything. There are some additional things that we’ll have to think about that add a bit more complexity, for example, systems integrations and things like that. So we’ll have to look at not only the pre-existing WD and HGST systems, but also what platform is SanDisk on and how do we kind of manage that process. But other than a few items like that, we intend to more or less perceive full steam in terms of the integration on the WD/HGST side.
Steve Milligan: Well let me comment on it this way, one of the things that we talked about in our last earnings call and also I believe our largest competitor also commented on it is typically the, I’ll call it the mix exabytes that gets shipped. You have about 40% that typically gets shipped in the first half of the year and 60% in the back half of the year. And if you look back, and that’s calendar year, right, not our fiscal year. And that percentages held kind of pretty consistent over a number of years. This year roughly speaking, we are looking at something that’s more like 45 and 55. So that will help kind of dimension a bit. And we would expect that that absorption of capacity or exabyte shipped, that absorption will continue through the balance of this calendar year, and begin to, if you want to call it abate as we begin next calendar year.
Steve Milligan: Well the short answer is that, that’s not something that we call that as a particular driver of our margin performance. I mean Olivier commented on the decline that we saw on our gross margin was driven entirely by mix, and that being a stronger mix of lower margin products namely drives the gaming console as well as 2.5 drives that go in notebooks, consistently have been below the corporate average. That’s what impacted our margin, and whether or not other thing impacted, we are not calling anything else specifically.
Steve Milligan: I don’t know if there’s anything particularly to call out other than Europe has been weak from call it a broader macroeconomic perspective. It’s always difficult to draw conclusions from our geographic data because so much of our product is manufactured in Asia or is passed on to customers that manufacture in Asia, so it doesn’t really speak to the end market, but we have seen some as you know and the macroeconomic situation in Europe has kind of impacted some of our more retail oriented business, but I am not sure I would call out anything specific beyond that.
Steve Milligan: Well probably in Europe you’re right, because there isn’t a lot of manufacturing done in Europe, right. North American you get a little bit of a mix because there are some manufacturing our systems that may go elsewhere and certainly in Asia. But Europe’s a little bit more of a true number. But Europe’s been from a broader perspective weak for a while.
Steve Milligan: We’ve enjoyed through strong product execution etcetera a pretty strong market position in an enterprise SSD business. It’s a very competitive market as I eluded to in my comments and quite simply, not for anyone particular issue or another other than just increased competition and we gave back a little bit of our share on in this past quarter.
Steve Milligan: That’s nothing surprising we continue to see as product generation gets announced, we continue to see an upward trend in average capacity shipment.
Steve Milligan: I don’t know if I call it. If you look at seasonality, if you look at the client’s business, client plus gaming which really drove most of the increase in TAM from calendar Q2 to calendar Q3, the seasonal uptick in that regard was pretty consistent with what we normally see. It’s normally up anywhere from 6%, 7%, 8%, something in that kind of range, and that’s kind of what we saw in those segments of the market. The other things that’s happened is that, while we used to see further increase in volumes in calendar Q4, that’s kind of dissipated or gone away as our customers generally build earlier in the year and then they will put those on boats or longer transport kind of things to save transportation cost. So the seasonality from calendar Q3 to Q4 which has been going on for a while is much more muted, hence our view of a flattish TAM going in to calendar Q4.
Steve Milligan: Well we’ll have to see. We’ve said this before, although we’ve seen some signs of stabilization in the PC market, I would not necessarily characterize us as being particularly bullish on that segment. And we have seen, there was inventory draw down through the whole kind of supply chain that’s impacted our business a little bit in terms of where we may be at a sync a bit in terms of what you’re seeing from an overall PC unit perspective. And then additionally, we continue to see penetration of client SSDs in those systems, consistent with our expectations though by the way, but that further disconnects us from the overall unit numbers that you might see from a PC perspective.
Steve Milligan: The short answer to your question Keith is do we expect the SanDisk business to grow overtime? The answer to that is yes. And we see growth opportunities won and helping to expand our broader footprint in terms of the enterprise SSD area where we think that not normally is that an area that’s outpacing overall market growth but also a higher value opportunity to us. We also think that there’s growth opportunities in terms of client SSDs as well, certainly as it relates to our base business, and additionally we think that there is growth opportunity in terms of embedded solution [investor] things, so you’ve got tablets, cellphones etcetera (inaudible). Yes, related to the removables or the retail segment, that’s a great business but it’s not a growing business. So we fully understand and acknowledge that.
Steve Milligan: Sure. So a couple of comments on that. So when we talked about $500 million of synergies related to the SanDisk acquisition, we were specifically talking about, that was within 18 months of the close of the transaction. We did not indicate that that was the total synergies. In other words we do think that those there are additional opportunities. We have not quantified those or publicly talked about those at this point. The additional thing is that regarding that $500 million of synergies the lion share of that is related to the advantage that we would get by being vertically integrated as it relates principally to our enterprise SSD business. And there are some OpEx synergies but we have not quantified that breakout specifically.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, I’ll give a little bit of color on that. So we would expect and these are pretty small changes though by the way. We would expect that we’ll see some softening in terms of gaming demand as well as in notebook demand offset by a little bit better enterprise demand. Again these are subtle changes that drives some of our margin improvement because we’ll get a little bit - when things play out the way we expect we’ll get a little bit of the mix benefit as a consequence of that.
Steve Milligan: So as we define that the active archive TAM we see that is a multi-billion dollar total addressable market for that solution. There’s both sort of currently defined version of that as well as we think a new green field opportunities to create market with that solution given its value propositions. So I would look at it as a multi-billion dollar market and growing at a fairly fast clip.
Steve Milligan: So Monika, SanDisk has got some great people. We look forward to welcoming them to the team and we certainly intend to retain the talent that exists there, and certainly that talent that relates to those parts of the business that we don’t necessarily have the same experience, and then that’s certainly the semiconductor business. So we look forward to bringing them onboard.
Steve Milligan: Well there is execution risk in everything to be perfect, and the thing that I always focus the most on and investors will ask me often what do you worry about? I want to make sure that we everyday as a company dot I’s and cross T’s, and that’s what we do better than any company on the planet and that’s what we intend to do as we look to not only execute the WD/HGST trend integration but also as it relates to future integration of SanDisk. And so absolutely are there risks and we are going to manage that carefully and I am going to keep our teams intensely focused on that.
Steve Milligan: Well we are proceeding with our application, in fact our application regarding [macifious] process that is in and has been expected. We were very careful as to how we structured that transaction and Unis’s representation on our Board, and we feel pretty good about that and we’re proceeding with regulatory review at this point, and we’ll keep you posted as things progress.
Steve Milligan: Well it’s difficult to mention how far ahead we are, because we don’t have perfect visibility in to where our competition is. But let me make this comment, our 10 terabyte drive which we haven’t announced exactly when that will be available, its PMR based solution. And that’s depending upon how you encounter our third or fourth generation helium drive. There have been a lot of learnings along the way, and that we have developed and so when you got a three or four generation lead on your competition that’s fairly material lead. Now that being said, we fully respect our competition and we are not going to rest on our laurels, and we are going to keep marching forward.
Steve Milligan: We think that those are within comfortable ranges, but we don’t have any specific visibility as to any issues.
Steve Milligan: That’s a difficult question to answer, how do we see share evolving in to next year. I mean obviously what we’re going to continue to do is execute on our product plan and continue to delight our customers and share will turn out where it will turn out, and so we are going to try to earn our business every day.
Steve Milligan: So let me comment on that, I think we see 3D as the next generation underlying media. We have plans to address products that are built on that in the future. So that will be part of our competitive profile and there are both of course economic benefit of that, but there are also product performance benefits in that architecture. So I think we’ll see the market go through a transition and we have our own internal plans in which to undertake that.
Steve Milligan: We see continued competition around that market as it progresses, nothing is sort of outside of our general expectations.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so one comment and not to take offense to whether the question is phrased, but I don’t know if I necessarily like the characterizing that is either offensive or defensive. This is a strategy that we’ve thought about quite a bit. We think it is going to be good for our shareholders, good for our customers and it’s going to allow our company and our business to grow. So if you want to characterize that as offensive then feel free to do so.
Steve Milligan: Yes. Now what percentage we’ll have to see, and we certainly haven’t called anything out publicly. But clearly the mix of our business in the traditional hard drive space is improving. And as it improves and as the PC related part becomes a frankly smaller and smaller part of our business, sooner or later there’s going to be an inflexion point, it will begin to show improvement in revenues and in terms of the overall hard drive market as well as a better margin posture as it relates to that underlying business. So the hard drive business remains a great business, it’s just a mix of shifting, right in a favorable way.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, nothing to talk about at this point. Obviously we are going to continue to evaluate and think through our go-to-market strategy in China. China as a market first up it’s a huge market, it’s a growing market, its evolving market. As you see some of the hyper scale guys there grow or telecom companies’ etcetera, etcetera, we’re going to have to look at ways that we evolve our go-to-market capabilities in that market, but nothing specifically to talk about now.
Steve Milligan: So relative to what we saw, again our margin decline on a quarter-on-quarter basis was purely driven and mix related. And I don’t think there’s anything unusual from our perspective to call out on the pricing front.
Steve Milligan: Well the first thing is just to clarify we haven’t called any of that out in terms of what you’re talking about. I am not going to comment specifically on that. What we have said is that the lion share of that $500 million will be the benefit that we will get by being vertically integrated in our SSD business or existing SSD business. And there will be some OpEx synergies but we have not quantified that. And by the way the other thing is that we’ve indicated the 500 million will be 18 months after the close of the transaction, which basically means that there will be further synergies beyond that 18 months period that we have to quantify publicly.
Steve Milligan: Well it’s exclusive of the benefits that we’ll get from the existing SanDisk business. So its additive to whatever you might happen to estimate that the existing SanDisk business would be able to generate. So its additive.
Steve Milligan: I don’t know if I used the word conservative, but it does include an estimate of some OpEx synergies. But we haven’t quantified specifically what the OpEx versus the vertical integration benefits. We haven’t quantified that difference. But we’ve also indicated that we would expect that number to increase overtime beyond that 18 month period.
Steve Milligan: So thank you again for joining us today. In closing I want to thank all of our employees and suppliers for their commitment and outstanding execution, and our customers for their continued business. Thank you so much.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you Steve. Our revenue for the September quarter was $3.4 billion. We shipped a total of 51.7 million hard disk drives at an average selling price of $60. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 28.9% and operating expenses totaled $567 million. Tax expense for the September quarter was $31 million or 8% of non-GAAP pre-tax income. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $366 million or $1.56 per share. In the September quarter, we generated $545 million in cash from operations, and our free cash flow totaled $394 million. Our CapEx totaled $151 million or 4% of revenue. We repurchased 700,000 shares for $60 million. We also declared a dividend in the amount of $0.50 per share. We closed the quarter with total cash and cash equivalents of $5.1 billion of which approximately $600 million was held in the US. I will now provide our guidance for the December quarter. We expect revenue to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect gross margin percentage to be slightly up from the September quarter. Operating expenses of approximately $585 million, and accordingly we estimate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.50 and $1.60. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Olivier Leonetti: Yeah let me add two comments; first of all most of the cash will be generated offshore. We commented on that 90% of the benefit would be generated outside US. And from a cash conversion cycle we believe we’re going to have some improvements but I wouldn’t bank on many days.
Olivier Leonetti: So different guidance for OpEx is a bit higher than our run rate due to incentive compensation. Following the December quarter, we would expect run rate OpEx to be in the range of 575 give or take before.
Olivier Leonetti: 575 give or take before MOFCOM synergies. Now in terms of MOFCOM synergies as indicated we will expect them to materialize between the next 12 and 24 months and would provide you an update on regular basis.
Olivier Leonetti: In terms of another overall exabyte growth for the market, we are predicting a 15% growth as a CAGR and particularly as it comes, capacity enterprise commented on that earlier, we see a 35% growth in CAGR.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, we are managing our cash flow tightly and we would expect the flow not to have been achieved. So we think we can improve further on this metric.
Aaron Rakers: One question and one follow-up as well. Olivier, I think you had made a comment that your operating expense in the current quarter is expected to be 585. I just want to clarify that, and if that’s true, just curious on what’s the upper driver here in this current quarter, and again kind of going back to Amit’s question, when can we start to actually see that OpEx come down as it relates to that MOFCOM. Is that over the next two or three quarters or is it further out? I think last week you had suggested that you should be through a lot of that by the time you get to that SanDisk closure.
Aaron Rakers: But just to be fair, you are looking to drive that OpEx down and that’s not going to happen. Should some of that start to happen before we even get to the 12 months, is what I am asking.
Aaron Rakers: And then as a follow-up I’m just curious on the capacity shipment trends. You talked a little bit about, it looks like you were down about 2% year-over-year in terms of total capacity shipped. Can you help us bridge what that capacity ship looks like between the PC business relative to your enterprise business and what’s that [stranded] like.
Aaron Rakers: I guess relative to the 35% compound annual growth rate that you reference on the enterprise side going forward, just curious of how that growth looks like over the past few quarters within the total capacity ship number that you report.
Mehdi Hosseini: Going back to your commentary regarding some share shift in the SSD, how do you see this evolving in to next year? And I have a follow-up.
Mehdi Hosseini: Let me rephrase it as a follow-up, do you see new technologies like 3D NAND to become a catalyst looking to next year or your competitors just get in to margin and selling at a lower price. And as a follow-up to that, do you see a change in your driver especially SanDisk selling more of a hybrid product as a way to scale a rather niche segment of the market.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. And quickly on a hybrid drive is your strategy changing here especially with SanDisk inked with the part of your portfolio.
