T. Peter Andrew: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. Joining me today are David Goeckeler, Chief Executive Officer; and Bob Eulau, Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, let me remind everyone that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements, including product portfolio expectations, business plans, trends and financial outlook based on management's current assumptions and expectations and, as such, does include risks and uncertainties. We assume no obligation to update these statements. Please refer to our most recent financial report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for more information on the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.  We will also make references to non-GAAP financial measures today. Reconciliations between the non-GAAP and comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release and other materials that are being posted in the Investor Relations section of our website.  With that, I will now turn the call over to David. 
T. Peter Andrew: Yes, Mehdi. This is Peter. Also don't forget, we do have a little bit of a step-up in the K1 cost. But as you go Q-to-Q, that will be another pressure on the flash gross margins. 
T. Peter Andrew: Joe, also just to put a little bit more transparency into the credit agreement metrics, please make sure you take a look at the slide deck that's on our website. We've got a lot more detail on that metric in there. 
T. Peter Andrew: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for taking the time to listen to Western Digital today. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Good night. 
David Goeckeler: Thanks, Bob. While we continue to navigate through a complex and dynamic environment, I am confident that Western Digital can lead the market for years to come. As I've said, I came here because I have a very strong conviction that Western Digital can play an increasingly vital role in the digital transformation, and that conviction has only strengthened in the past 5 months. We have deep flash and HDD product portfolio, operational scale and great customer relationships, combined with the ever-growing demand for data creation and storage.  All in all, it's a great place to be, and I'm extremely thankful for the hard work that our talented global team puts in on a day in and day out basis. We are operating in uncertain times, but Western Digital's strong, consistent performance reflects our ability to maintain our market leadership by delivering technological innovation with the quality, performance and cost effectiveness that our customers rely upon.  With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator to begin our Q&A. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. No, it hasn't pushed out. The ramp is on plan, as we've talked about. We plan on producing in excess of 1 million units this quarter. It's a very important quarter for us on that ramp, Wamsi, because it's the quarter where we get the yields up, which gets us the margin profile we need to go into the second quarter of the fiscal year at full production capacity. So it's on track where we want it to be. We feel good about it, and this is going to be an important quarter for us. But it's something we know how to do in ramping a drive platform. 
David Goeckeler: So I'll take the second one. Bob can talk a little bit more about the first. The -- all the businesses transacting at 14T, it's a very competitive point in the market. There's no doubt about that. We're at the -- we're kind of at the tail end of one generation, moving to the next one, and that's why getting up the AT&T ramp is so -- 18, 16 ramp is so important for us. And that will position us well and be able to drive accretive margins to the portfolio on that point. But we expect that as we get 18 out there and the conversations with customers, it's a different TCO proposition for our customers. And that leads to more value for both of us. So we're heading to a better spot. I don't know. Bob, do you want to characterize COVID a little bit in this quarter? It's kind of -- it's a little tough because it's so dynamic. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. We feel like we're definitely going into a digestion phase. If we look at -- we're coming off of 3 really strong quarters of exabyte shipment, and the demand signals we're getting are going to be -- are a little bit down for the next quarter or 2. We think that -- I mean, the long-term trend is obviously still good. We're using the cloud more every day. But there's been a lot of product shipped in there in the last couple of quarters. And what we're seeing from them is, they're all not the same, right? We have all of them. So they're all at different points. But when you add it all up, you see next quarter, there's a negative bias on demand there from what we see looking backwards. 
David Goeckeler: So on the enterprise SSD, you're right. We've done a lot of work to launch a new product in enterprise SSD. We've got a couple of new products. The first one is out, and it's targeted to the cloud providers. The product targeted to the OEMs is yet to ship. So that will happen in the next couple of quarters. So we really are in a big product transition there. So it's hard for me to draw a conclusion to your question about on-prem versus the cloud given enterprise SSD because we're mainly focused on the cloud side right now, working our way through quals and all those kinds of things. Given that the product is new, given that we're going through a lot of qualifications, over a multi-quarter time frame, I expect us to get better and better. It's going to be a little lumpy as we move through that. So if I look at the number of quals going on in the organization, it's across all technologies. We have twice as many quals going on as we had a year ago this time. So that gives you an idea of where -- how the portfolio is refreshing, and we're driving that into the market.  On the hard drive side, I guess I can talk about the OEMs in the private data center more of just as an overall market. I mean, well, let me save that response for a different time because that's more PC-related. But I don't know if I have a tremendous amount of insight. Bob, I don't know if you do on the hard drive side versus on-prem versus in the cloud, if we could draw any strong conclusions for that. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I'll elaborate on the general market. I don't know if I can follow the back of your envelope that fast. But look, I think the channel was -- let me talk about the channel in general and smart video as a part of that. That was a real slog this past quarter. I mean the team worked really hard on it. We thought we saw TAM shrinkage there, significant TAM shrinkage of $100 million or so a year throughout the quarter. So it was -- we look at -- to us, that's a good indication of overall demand that's out there, and it was tough and related to that, and we see that going forward kind of a negative bias on that market. So I don't know, Bob, if you have any additional comments on the smart video, in particular. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean I think this overall theme you're hearing from us, which is as we look at -- I mean, as we look forward into the next quarter, we see some challenges given COVID, given the state of the economy, given all the demand we've seen in the first half and the inventory rationalizations and digestions that are going on. But in all of those markets, we see very good long-term trends. And so it's a question of how fast that comes back. But all of the -- I think the pandemic has shown us the amount that all of us are relying on technology, and I think our portfolio is as well positioned for that world as it has been in some time. 
David Goeckeler: Sure. I mean I think we're seeing retail -- last quarter, we started off in the retail business, which is roughly 20% of the business is really challenged, and it got better as the quarter went on and June was good. It wasn't quite all the way back to normal, but it was strong. And we've seen that continue through July. And we're expecting that business to be positive in the quarter going forward. And if you look at all the other businesses, the cloud, again, we talked about that, we see a digestion phase there. We see the OEMs kind of really watching inventory and managing that tighter. And then I talked about the channel. So as we said, long term, we see good things where the portfolio is going. But in the near term, that's how we see the 4 major businesses. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. So I'll make a few comments. I'm sure Bob will make a few comments. I mean part of the ASP, looking back, was retail where ASPs were -- for flash were more challenged. So that's a big piece of that number. I think going forward, you shouldn't expect a tremendously different mix. Minus what you said, gaming, was it -- and it was good to see gaming start to ramp up. We expect that to continue to ramp through the second half of the year and take a low double-digit percent of our supply. So that's a good story. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I'll make a few comments, and Bob can make a few comments. Yes, I think we feel good about the amount -- the industry keeping supply/demand in balance. I mean, clearly, we've got a -- in a recession, we have a drop in demand. So we're seeing some pricing implications of that. But we feel like the -- kind of where supply/demand is, is fairly balanced going forward. We're certainly watching our CapEx investments very closely and managing more tightly with our partner. But Bob, do you want to say anything about inventory? Or... 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, look, I mean, we see -- we -- it's a long-term growth market. I mean we see 30%, 35% CAGR exabyte growth in that market for years to come. We're coming off of a couple of quarters of significantly above that. It's not surprising we would go through a little bit of time where all of that capacity gets deployed. But I think just look at the world around us, I mean, we're all using the cloud more every day. I think the last 5 months have accelerated the amount of transformation that was going to happen in using of cloud technology significantly. So I don't -- I'm not exactly how we would both define a cycle. But I see a really good long-term trend in this, and I see us well positioned as well. That's why this coming quarter is important for us to get the 18, 16 platform ramped, get the 1 million units produced, get those shipped to put ourselves in a good position for that continued growth. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean I don't like to deal too much in hypotheticals. But we've got a lot of conviction in that market. If you just look at gaming really coming on in the second half of this year, as you said, the 5G cycle may move around a little bit, but it's still out there. So there's a lot of demand drivers, and we believe in that 30% CAGR in that market on the demand side. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would say, in general, we look at a wide range of data points. I mean some of the businesses are like a retail business, what's the trend that's going on there and what do we see and what may be disruptions. For example, in the period ahead, we typically see a back-to-school cycle. It's unclear what that's going to look like. So that puts some variability in the forecast. But we talked to our -- our teams are very, very close to our customers. So we're talking to them on a near daily basis and getting a very -- a sense of what -- how they're thinking about their end markets and what the signals they're giving us for demand. And we're factoring all of that in to kind of what they're telling us and what we see as the bias. And then we're wrapping in new product quals. I mean we talked about it in our prepared remarks.  We're going through a bunch of very substantial product transitions. Now we feel really good about that, but we got to get through it. There's risk in those. So we make a risk-adjusted view of which of those are going to hit, which of them are not, which ones may move around for various reasons. I think I said it earlier, we have twice as many quals going right now as we did last year, and the number is over 450. So there's a lot of activity across the portfolio. The big ones, there's probably 2, 3, 4 dozen really big ones. So we factor that in as well. And we understand when they're going to hit and put some judgment around that. We wrap it all up into the guide. So if some of those quals move around, they could be in a positive or negative, there's enough of them that hopefully that balances out. But we put together our best view of what we think is going to happen over the next quarter. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I want to be careful. I don't think I talked about BiCS5 demand in the sense of BiCS. So I don't -- our customers just look for the NAND products, and it's up to us to build the right technology for that. And as we drive the road map forward, we can get more advantageous cost for us. And what we're saying on BiCS5 is the development of the technology is going well, and the yields are going well. We've got the product in the retail channel already, and we are working on all the engineering work to put it into the whole product portfolio. So we will look to accelerate that work as much as we can to get as many things on that node as possible. But there's a lot of work to do there, right? Before we -- BiCS4 is a great node for us. It's providing us the performance and cost advantages that we need. As I said, I think 60% of our bits this quarter were beyond BiCS4. You're going to see us -- BiCS4 will be our major node for several quarters to come as we work on the transition in the portfolio to BiCS5, which will then carry us for another several years. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. We're not putting a number out there for the December quarter. But I think as we said, we want to get ourselves in a position where we're up the yield curves and we've got the manufacturing capacity to really step on the gas on that node. We're doing that now. We're working -- so this quarter, the important number is to get the production up so that we can get up that curve. And of course, we'll ship as many of them as we can. 
Robert Eulau: No. I think those are the keys. I mean on the hard drives, obviously, volumes are a little lower. So we'll be amortizing our fixed costs over a smaller volume as we go up the yield ramp on the 18-terabyte drives. Now on the flash side, as Dave said, I mean, we've got some price and mix headwind. And we also -- as I mentioned in my comments, we have costs up a bit on K1, which amounts to about 1 percentage point on the flash side. So it's just we have multiple challenges this quarter. But I think long term, we're going to be really well positioned once we get up these product ramps. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. Yes. It's not going to be as significant as last quarter. And last quarter, we did offset the COVID cost a bit by pricing. But it obviously did not fully offset it. That's a big number. As we look at Q1, we don't think we're going to have the kind of absorption variances that we had last quarter. You may recall in the earnings call in April, I said that we had some challenges on volumes in April. So we already knew we had that headwind last quarter. We don't have that issue this quarter. So I would say the costs will be down, but I don't want to be too specific. We think we've got it covered in the guidance range that we articulated. 
Robert Eulau: No. I agree in the short term. If we look over the longer-time horizon, that is going to be another area of growth in the hard drive business. So we really see the capacity in enterprise business and the smart video business growing as we look over multiple years. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. So I think there are a bunch of pieces in there, Mehdi. So game console is definitely a growth area, and we're very fortunate to be participating in that. And as you know, we haven't been in the hard drive side of that business for quite a while. So it's all upside from our perspective. And then I would say, overall, there may be slight mix changes as we go quarter-to-quarter. We are seeing some pressure in terms of price, and that's factored into our guidance as well. 
Robert Eulau: I think the biggest change is the one I mentioned on game consoles becoming more significant. But otherwise, it will be up and down here and there, but I don't think it'll be that material. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. And I don't have a lot to add. I mean I think in the transactional businesses, we've definitely seen more pricing pressure than we've seen from the OEMs. Although overall, we think prices will be down this quarter. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean I joined the company right in the middle of the last trough. And I can tell you the supply and demand imbalance is nothing like it was then today. So I think everybody is behaving pretty rationally. We still see the industry growing bits and then -- bits, both supply and demand, in the neighborhood of 25% to 30%, and that's our intention as well. 
Robert Eulau: So I'm very comfortable. In fact, if you go back like to the trough I was just talking about, we never really got that close to breaching the covenant on the adjusted basis. So I really don't think there's much of a risk there. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean I'll touch on it again. I don't want to get into too many specifics. As you know, we only guide gross margin for the company overall. But we're definitely seeing pressures on both sides, both on the hard drive and on the flash. Like we said before, we've got significant product transition going on, on the hard drive side. We've got a yield curve that we're working our way up. And we've got the COVID-19 pressures that they won't be as bad this coming quarter, the quarter we're in now, as they were last quarter. But we definitely have pressures on the hard drive side. And I would say on the flash side, we're seeing pressures primarily on price and a little bit of mix and then the K1 costs that we talked about as well. 
Robert Eulau: And just the one thing I would add. I just think there's been a lot of supply chain disruption this year, both in terms of our own production, our customers trying to make sure they get supply. Now our customers are working off inventory levels. So I just think between the pandemic and the recession and concerns on supply, it's been a very challenging year. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I don't think I have much to add. I mean I think it's clear, we've got room to improve in both the hard drive area and in the flash area. And we've got the products to make it happen. 
Robert Eulau: I'll start. So as you know, we've been underweight in mobile for quite a while. We continue to be underweight in terms of mobile. Now if that business is lower than what's anticipated, our competitors need to find homes for those bits. So we're not completely insulated from the challenges on the mobile side because they do need to move into other markets in order to move the bits. But I think in terms of our strategy of focusing on the other areas, I think it's worked out pretty well. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I guess I can start. I mean -- and first of all, our view on cost reduction is still around 15% a year. So we don't see that changing. We think that's what you're going to see in the 3D era because it's so much more capital-intensive. And what we think you're going to see is a competitive marketplace where people are behaving rationally. I mean that's -- a lot of the reports that we've seen over the last couple of weeks, it seems like everybody is trying to make sure we don't end up in an oversupply situation. And we're going to be cautious, as I said, in terms of how we invest in our capital. Some of the CapEx we're funding right now is related to equipment we put in place last fiscal year. So we'll keep a very close eye in terms of what's going on in terms of the balance of supply and demand. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. So I guess a couple of questions in there. First of all, we still believe over a number of quarters, we're going to average 15% year-over-year cost declines, and we think that's pretty sustainable. We've been able to achieve that with BiCS4. We think we'll be able to achieve that with BiCS5, and we'll continue to work through the transition. As Dave was just saying, it's going to take several quarters to ramp up on BiCS5. It's not going to be overnight, we throw a switch and we're on BiCS5. And BiCS4 has worked out really well. BiCS4 will be an even bigger percentage of the total next quarter than it is this quarter. So we still have a ways to go on BiCS4.  And then in terms of the K1 costs, we do believe this is the peak. There's a lot of equipment getting installed. As you know, it's a long cycle time. So we've got to get products through the cycle. And then we'll be able to capitalize or inventory more of those costs and bring down the period expenses as we move forward. So I think we're getting to the point where our volumes are getting up there where the period expenses will start to go away. 
Robert Eulau: Okay. Yes. Let me start on K1. So we've been averaging around $60 million a quarter the last 4 quarters in terms of period expenses for the K1 fab. And then as we said, in the September quarter, we're going to go up to $80 million. So incrementally, it's about $20 million. On the flash revenue, that's somewhere in the neighborhood of an incremental point. And as I just finished commenting on, as we start to ramp volumes, and we are, we'll start to absorb those costs. And I think we'll definitely see that number coming down in the couple of quarters following the September quarter. So I think we're in good shape there.  And then in terms of volumes on the hard drive side, I mean, we're -- we definitely have plans to produce over 1 million units of 18- and 16-terabyte product. And we'll get as many of those out the door as we can this quarter. 
