David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me wrap up and then we'll open up for questions. We are now emerging from a historic storage cyclical downturn, where all of the changes made in the past several years were evident in how well each business performed relative to peers. The first quarter of fiscal ‘24 builds upon the improvements we made in fiscal year ‘23 around discipline, supply, and capital expenditure management, while executing on our product innovation roadmap. We continue to tightly manage our operating expenses and are closely monitoring demand in our end markets to appropriately manage our inventory in both flash and HDD, all to improve sequential and year-over-year upside in our results. Moving forward, as we progress through fiscal year ‘24, we see an improving market environment in both businesses. With an improved position, the separation of the company unlocks value by creating two independent public companies with market-specific strategic focus. Better positions each franchise to execute innovative technology and product development, capitalize on unique growth opportunities, extend respective leadership positions, and operate more efficiently with distinct capital structures. Okay, Peter, let's open up for Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Hey Joe, this is David. Thanks for the question. Good to hear from you this morning. One thing I will say is we're very happy with the level of efficiency we've driven into the business over the last year, especially during this downturn, and we think has put us in a very good position to go through this transaction. I think OpEx over two years is down, over the last two years is down over $200 million. So we put ourselves in a position where we've got very efficient business and some flexibility to go through a transaction like this. So as Wissam said, we'll have more to say as we get closer.
David Goeckeler: No. So first off, the relationship with Kioxia is outstanding and it has been for a very, very long time so we expect that to continue on absolutely it's a -- provides a tremendous foundation for our NAND business with both very capital efficient NAND and a tremendous roadmap as we're going into BiCS8 here. But we can execute this transaction without any other approvals.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we think this past quarter was the bottom, Aaron, and we see improving demand as we move throughout the fiscal year on a quarter-over-quarter basis. You know, we've had certain customers that have been on the sidelines for a while, and they're starting to come back and give us visibility into ordering. So we expect the market to recover from here going forward.
David Goeckeler: So there's no, the separation doesn't imply any change in strategy for either business. So both of them will continue to go forward. No change in our product roadmaps. We feel very good about what's been built over the last three, four years. We feel like we're in a market-leading position in both franchises, both from a product point of view, if you look at what's happened in the hard drive business, you know, it's very, very clear now the adoption of SMR is the next big step in the cloud data center and that's progressing very well. Our 26-T drive just became the highest shipping drive in the quarter. And we, you know, we announced the next generation that with the 28-T, as well so no change there, you know, OptiNAND still a big part of that architecture and the team will be able to procure that and continue to drive that part of the strategy. And on the flash side of the business, the portfolio is also in great shape with both for product strategy and also the branding strategy. SanDisk, WD Black, these brands continue to perform extremely well. So we think it's a great setup for both businesses going forward.
David Goeckeler: Well, look we put a lot of optionality in our roadmap a number of years ago, so that we could extend the capacity points with things like OptiNAND, SMR, Ultra-SMR, EPMR, so that strategy is working very, very well. We're leading the industry in capacity points. We expect to be able to drive this strategy into the 40 terabyte range on our drives. HAMR is in development, it's going well, and we'll be able to fold that into our roadmap at the appropriate time. But for now, we've got a great roadmap, we've got a market-leading roadmap, we're leading the adoption of SMR into the cloud data center and we expect, you know, we have many more generations to go on our current roadmap and then we'll move to HAMR at the appropriate time when it's mature and we can build it at scale and it'll be the next leg of growth into the future.
David Goeckeler: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sidney Ho from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Sidney, I guess, what I would add is, if you look at the HDD business, we're ramping new products, right? The 26-T drive is ramping rapidly. And we also have an improving pricing environment in drives, which is a nice tailwind. And then in flash, we have an improving pricing environment as well, as Wissam said, a better mix. And we expect that business to inflect a positive gross margin next quarter, which is a great milestone for us as we continue the recovery of the business.
David Goeckeler: Yes, so, you know, we have seen an acceleration here at the end of ‘23. We've raised our demand number quite a bit into the mid-teens for ’23, we'll get to ‘24. You know, some of that, you know, there has been some strategic buys as part of that. I know that's been a big discussion in the industry, but we’d also just see the markets returning to normal inventory levels. So for us, that's been more of what's been happening and a good mix across the businesses. For ‘24 we see high-teens, kind of, demand and we continue to see production significantly below that.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I think you got it there in your question. I think you have more broad-based participation in the market by the big hyperscalers as they get to the end of their inventory corrections. So that's been part of it. Remember, we're coming off very, very, very low numbers. So we expect improvement throughout the year by more people participating in the market and more consistent participation by the ones that have been in it on a quarter-over-quarter basis. China has been -- it’s been better, but not -- it hasn't recovered as fast as we expected, so it's still a little bit lumpy and weaker than we would like. So the smart video market has been pretty consistent and we've seen some good results there. But in the cloud space, it still has a little ways to go.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I'll take the second part of that, and Wissam can comment on the underutilization charges. Look, we expect bits to be up slightly in the December quarter. It's a strong consumer quarter for us, although we don't really break out by mix. But I mean, I think that's one way to think about it. We expect an improving price environment and bits to be slightly up.
David Goeckeler: No, it's not in reference to any particular thing. It just says that we think this is the best next step for the business to unlock value. We think that, you know, we put the business in a position to go through this right now. It's all the reasons we talked about from the portfolio to where we are on efficiency point of view to where we are on the work we've done to retire debt. And also going into an improving market. But I think any company is always open to other strategic options should they become available and we'll consider them at that time. Although I do want to be very clear that the strategic review is completed and any conversations that were going on as a part of that have ended. And we're very excited about this step forward. We think it's the best next step for the business. But I think in any business, you're always going to be open. If there's other strategic options that become available, we will thoroughly consider those at the time.
David Goeckeler: So yes, we, I mean, coming off such a high on ‘22, ‘23 will be down, but then we expect to get back to, we expect a consistent exabyte growth in this business in the mid to high-20 range on an ongoing basis.
David Goeckeler: Yes, no, we don't expect any change in the technology roadmap. The JV is very strong, very solid, very productive. Teams work together on a day-by-day basis. We've talked a lot about that. We're very happy with where it's at. The relationship is very strong. The technology roadmap, we think, as we talked about last time with BiCS8 and wafer bonding, we've made a huge step forward there. You know, we've always been able to produce NAND at a better capital intensity than the rest of the industry. Our measures over the last several years are up to a third less capital intensity for the business. So the JV has been strong for ‘23 plus years and we expect it to be strong for very, very far into the future. So we feel very good about that.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we expect demand in ‘24 in the NAND business to be high-teens, you know, and if it gets really strong maybe it'll creep over the 20s and low-20s, but we're thinking about those high teens numbers. And like I said, production will be significantly below that.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we do. We feel very good about that. I mean, I've spoken about this in the past. It's an explicit goal of the technology team to continue to drive those cost downs and we feel good about our ability to do that. It's been one of the strengths of the JV and the JV technology team for a very long time.
David Goeckeler: Well, we like the portfolio we have. We qualified our NVMe based enterprise SSD at multiple cloud providers. And unfortunately, we qualified right into a significant downturn in cloud consumption of enterprise SSDs. So as that starts to come back over the next several quarters and as we go through ‘24, we expect our position to improve as those vendors start consuming again. I mean, the reality is there's just not a lot of buying in that market going on right now.
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean, it's because those are two very, very strong strengths of the portfolio. I think they're very unique. Look, our retail franchise is a real gem. I mean, it's a big part of the portfolio. It provides better through cycle profitability. We've done a lot of work on building brands over the last several years. I mean, we've already had very, very strong brands in SanDisk. I think everybody knows SanDisk is the premier brand in the industry. We've built the BLACK brand around gaming now. That's a significant part of the portfolio. I think we're the preferred provider in gaming. We talked about it this quarter, where 50% year-over-year content increases in devices and doubling the number of bits in that. So it's been, you know, it's a very, very key part of the portfolio. We look forward to highlighting it more. The client portfolio has always been a strength of the business. It's something that's been built over the last several years. We've driven several innovations in that, like the DRAM-less client SSD. That's always been a very strong part of the portfolio. I guess, you know, Mehdi, we could have put a whole bunch of stuff on the slide that we're proud of in the portfolio, but we picked the strongest ones. But we're very bullish on the enterprise SSD market. It's just a market that's depressed right now. We talked a lot about that last year. We had qualifications at multiple hyperscalers. Those products are still active. We're migrating them forward to future nodes and we expect those to ramp as that market recovers.
David Goeckeler: Yeah, I guess what I -- Wissam will comment a little bit as well, but I guess what I would say Toshiya is we're, you know, we're not putting a broad statement out there about that. What we're doing is just being very dynamic with how we manage wafer start so that we can keep supply and demand matched as best we can without letting inventory get up too high. So as you saw, I mean, our NAND inventory is at the best level since I've been here in the company. I mean, Wissam's team has done a great, and the operations team just done an unbelievable job of managing that. So we'll stay very close to where our markets are and how we're seeing demand, and then we'll adjust wafer starts appropriately.
David Goeckeler: I think it's, so first of all on the channel, we're seeing good response to value-based pricing. And then as we bring out new products, you know, as I said in the past, I think innovation is what the first part of value-based pricing is bringing a better value proposition to our customers. And as we continue to bring out unique products 26 terabyte ultra-SMR ramped very fast, nearly half of our nearline exabytes this quarter, and we're now bringing out 28. And I think as we continue to do that, we'll have the opportunity to have a better conversation with our customers, because we're bringing more value to them. So I would say it's, we're looking at it across all of our markets.
David Goeckeler: All right. Hey, thank you, Toshiya. We appreciate that. All right, everybody, we appreciate the time today. Thanks for the discussion, and we look forward to talking to you as we progress throughout the quarter.
Wissam Jabre: Hey, Joe, good morning. Thanks for the question. Look, it's a little bit too premature to talk about details with respect to each side of the business or each company as we get closer to the separation will be in a better position to talk about much more details with respect to OpEx apportionment, as well as capital structures, leverage targets, and capital return policies, et cetera.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, Joe, the current announcement does not affect our ability to address the convert. As we've said before, our plan is to address the convert that's maturing in Feb ‘24 by the end of this calendar year.
Wissam Jabre: Okay. So, on the first one, yes, I mean, Wamsi, I think you kind of laid it out there. We've been going through a whole series of actions that have set us up for this announcement. You know, it was really about execute the business better and give ourselves as much strategic optionality as possible. So as I talked about in the prepared remarks we've, you know, we separated ourselves in the business units on the product side that allows us to really get very focused on the portfolio and all the OpEx we spend on building our products, make sure we get the best return for it. I think that's worked out well. We then did the same thing in operations. We've now divided those organizations around HDD and flash. So we’ve -- and then we've optimized, taken out cost everywhere we can so that we can operate them independently and also have just the most efficient business possible. As I said, we've focused on our balance sheet. So I think we've put ourselves in a very good position where we can go through this separation and the organization is as prepared as we possibly can be for it. We've also, as I said earlier, we've taken a lot of OpEx out of the business. So we've driven the OpEx down to a very efficient number. So we believe we can go through the separation and end up with two very well-structured companies that can execute very well. And they come out of the gate with market-leading portfolios on each side and into a recovering market. So we feel good about that. Cost of the portfolio look I mean as you continue we feel the roadmap we have in place, you know, we can produce ultra-SMR, EPMR, OptiNAND drives very high scale, very quickly, very high yields on all the products. So we think the cost position is very advantageous. You see that in our results, you know, so you know when HAMR comes will fold that in and you know we want to get to the point where we have the same level of yields we have the same level of confidence as we do something like a 26-T drive that we just launched and now it's the, you know, nearly half of our exabytes, a quarter or two in. And that's how we think about launching new products. So you know, when we get there, I think that we'll have that same kind of cost structure on HAMR, and we have a great, very, very strong position to drive very efficient, very high scale, very quickly, new drives for many generations on the technology that we've put in place over the last three or four years.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Good morning, Sidney. Thanks for the question. The current announcement does not affect the amended credit agreements. And so from a free cash flow, from a governance perspective, we're comfortable that we can operate effectively. We have ample liquidity. We do have ample operational flexibility to operate, so I don't see the current announcement as impacting us in any way.
Wissam Jabre: Okay, maybe I'll start a little bit on the cost side and then David could chime in on the top line side. Look, the -- when -- one of the bigger, obviously, levers is the underutilization. We did in Q1, around $225 million. In total, we had around $234 million to 235 million of other charges. And our guide has a underutilization at a much lower level, and so that's one element. In addition, obviously, we continue to focus on cost reduction. We do have still, we're still, if you exclude the underutilization aspect, we're still taking cost out of the system on both the flash side and the HDD side. And so that's a key lever to improve the gross margin. And then if I take it back up to the top line, we see obviously improvement on the revenue side and the improvement is coming from both sides of the house on both businesses. So that also contributes quite well with respect to the gross margin and within that revenue also we do have a bit of a mix that's helping us as well.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, sure. So on the tax payment, in Q1 we made a $523 million payment with respect to the IRS settlement. This covers the years 2008 through 2012. And so this is why you see when you look at our free cash flow that we reported for fiscal Q1 at a negative $544 million, in that we had that $523 million payment. On the -- it was partially offset by the sale and lease back of the Milpitas facilities of around $191 million. So all in all, we're around the negative $200 million for the quarter. As we look forward, obviously, the key is the continuous improvement of the profitability and of the business, working capital management. You've seen our transition on the inventory side, for instance, in Q1. We continue to manage inventory very, very closely on both flash and HDD. So I expect that inventory to continue to decline gradually in this coming quarter and the next. And then the continued focus on CapEx for the fiscal year. Would it say that for fiscal ‘24 we expect our cash CapEx to be significantly lower than fiscal 2023. So, you know, free cash flow is, and cash flow is very important to us, big focus, and we'll continue to focus on it. And as we look into the second-half of fiscal ‘24, we're projecting to be cash flow positive on a quarterly basis in the second-half of this fiscal year.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, and with respect to underutilization, Karl, we do manage our supply very dynamically. And so we guided this quarter based on what we see today. We do expect underutilization to continue in the third fiscal quarter, maybe a little bit lower than here, but it's a bit too early to cover the quarters beyond the next one.
Wissam Jabre: Well, look, what -- in the current guide for this quarter, it does imply that NAND should be gross margin positive. And in terms of the outer quarters, it's a little bit too early for us to comment on them.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, thanks, Dave. The only thing I would add, Toshiya, is that when you think of underutilization just I know there was an earlier question on this. Yes, we do expect underutilization further in the second-half of fiscal year. The way to think of it as we were expecting underutilization to be slightly lower from these levels in the third fiscal quarter. And as David said, this is very dynamic. We continue to manage the business on a day-to-day, week-to-week basis. And so obviously, depending on business conditions, this could still change.
