David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Before we open up for questions, I wanted to reiterate our view of the long-term opportunities for both Flash and HDD storage. Importantly, our efforts have enabled us to regain architectural leadership in both Flash and HDD, and we are preparing these technologies to address the meaningful long-term growth for data storage from client to edge to cloud. With our diverse portfolio, broad go-to-market engine, an enviable retail franchise and a lower cost structure, we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term shareholder value. Okay. Peter, let's open up for Q&A.
David Goeckeler: C.J., thanks for the question. Good to hear from you. So yes, that's a balancing act. There's no doubt. I mean one of the things we talked about in the script and we feel really good about is BiCS8, I think BiCS8 has reached productization. We'll have more to say about BiCS8. Siva will do -- I think we'll do a webinar during the quarter on all the technological innovation there. There's been an enormous amount of R&D going into that. So, we feel very good about where we are from a technology road map. I'm actually in my hand right here I'm holding a BiCS8 USB, one of the first ones. And so, we're putting enough capital in the system to move BiCS6 along. I mean, BiCS6 will be a shorter node for us. It won't go into all products. We'll be making choices about what we take it into or where we need BiCS6, BiCS5 will serve us well for the rest of the portfolio, and then we'll move right into BiCS8, which quite frankly, is ahead of schedule as far as production, and we feel very good about it. So, we'll balance all of that and have enough capital to accelerate, have enough BiCS6 there that we need it and then accelerate BiCS8 when we see the growth come back. As far as the cost downs, look, I mean, in the second half of the year, cost downs are going to be very difficult because we are far along in BiCS5 and BiCS6 is not ramping that much. We'll return to those as we start to ramp BiCS8.  But we'll still have some, but not to the level, especially with the underutilization of fabs. So, all of those mixed in, we're going to -- we will have gotten most of our cost downs in the first half of the year, and then we'll see them come back as we ramp up BiCS6 and especially BiCS8.
David Goeckeler: So first of all, let me talk about the kind of how we're thinking about it. It is a very dynamic situation. I think when we were looking at our CQ1, we've seen some demand drops. We've come off a very strong quarter of bit growth. We just delivered 20% sequential bit growth. That's why we didn't cut wafers earlier. When we look at our fiscal Q3, we're seeing some drop in both client and enterprise. The enterprise SSD side of it is more a digestion issue. So, to make sure we manage our inventory and we don't get things to build up. And so that's why we're -- we've decided to cut wafer starts in the first quarter.  Again, as Wissam said, that's a -- it's literally a decision we can make every week about how do we load wafers into the fab. Right now, that's a one quarter decision to make sure we keep our supply and demand balanced as best we can. I see Wissam looking up -- do you have a number on the overall bit growth for the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think we signaled this a little bit last quarter. We knew there was going to be some variability in demand across the industry and across customers. Quite frankly, when you're at these revenue levels, which are the lowest we've seen in the long time, orders from big customers make a very big difference.  So, if you go back for the last couple of quarters, the way different big cloud customers, the way either LTAs were restructured, the way big orders came in one way or another, you're seeing some pretty large share shifts quarter-over-quarter. But when you look at it on a sex month basis, you look at it on a 12-month basis, you see pretty consistent share. I think we've gained a little bit. But again, we're managing for profitability. We think share is going to be over a multi-quarter period, pretty stable, and that's actually the way it's working out, you're just seeing some pretty big swings here quarter-over-quarter. So, we feel really good about the competitive situation. The 22 terabyte drive shipped significant volume this quarter. We expect to ramp that throughout the year. We've got big customers very committed to SMR. Our UltraSMR technology gives us a unique position of an additional 20% gain over CMR. And that is in qualification across a number of very large customers. So, we feel like as we ramp throughout calendar year '23, we ramp into a stronger and stronger portfolio as we move through the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Well, we're always talking to our customers, right? So, we have a very good sense of where they're at and what the demand signals are going to be. I mean as we talked about, we expect volumes to increase going into our fiscal fourth quarter. So, as we get closer to that and we understand what that looks like we'll make an incremental decision on when and how to ramp back up the fab.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Again, going back to Wissam's prior comment, that's part of our normal quarterly close process. And if there were any adjustments that were needed to be made, we would have made them at that time. But of course, you got to remeasure it and take a look at it every quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, I think the pricing environment has been pretty good throughout this whole cycle. I mean any time you're seeing this kind of underutilization, you're going to see a little bit of pressure on pricing, which is not surprising, I would say we're seeing a little bit more. I mean I think as we look at exabyte growth is -- I think it's pretty clear to say it will be stronger in the second half than the first half. I mean we're going to now ramp back off of this very low in calendar Q4, and we expect growth as we move throughout the calendar year. As we said, we're anticipating modest revenue growth, maybe low to mid-single digits quarter-over-quarter here going into calendar Q1, our fiscal Q3, we expect margin improvement is, of course, the volume comes back and the underutilization charges drop, and we'll see that continue as we go throughout the calendar year. So -- but we are coming off of very low levels. I think that exabyte growth in the full calendar year will probably be below 20%, something around that. But again, we got to see how it plays out. We got -- we still got big customers going through inventory digestion, some are coming out of it. We'll know more as we work our way through the calendar quarter. And we also have a very dynamic situation in China. The China market has been very subdued for quite a long time now. I would say there are some signs of things getting better. We'll see after we get past the new year, how that progresses. But that could be that -- depending on how that comes back, will have an impact as well, of course.
David Goeckeler: Yes. That's a very difficult question given how dynamic the market is. I mean I think we're coming off of a very strong quarter of bit growth, 20% sequential bit growth in our FQ2 was a good result. Obviously, it's a very challenging pricing environment. Going into our fiscal third quarter, we see a drop in both bits and pricing. So that's a pretty significant impact on the business. And then current forecast is going into our fiscal Q4, we see the volume pick back up. So that's a little bit a little bit of how we see the dynamics. The pricing environment will change as supply and demand come more into balance. And we're doing everything we can to manage our supply situation, demand balance so that we keep our inventory situation under control, very important in this kind of cycle. And we'll continue to be very dynamic of how we manage it. It literally changes week over week. And again, one of the things I'm very happy about what we've built in the organization over the last several years is a tremendous amount of agility in the organization to react. It's important that we react faster than the market is moving. Otherwise, we just get carried along with the market. And I think we're doing a good job with that to get the best result we can out of a difficult market and prepare ourselves from a technology and portfolio position that when things get more in balance and we get to the inevitable upturn that we're very, very well positioned, and we feel good about that from Flash technology. I talked about BiCS8. Again, we'll talk more about that throughout the quarter. I think you're going to be impressed about the innovation that's in that. I certainly was and also about where we're at in the product portfolio.
David Goeckeler: Yes. It's a number of things. So first of all, it is to give us the flexibility to manage through the depths of the downturn. It's important that we look at -- we have a blend of different kind of financing, both debt and equity. We can't just take all debt. We've got to watch our debt to equity our EBITDA to debt ratios and make sure we manage it all as one package. And I think so that's part of it. A big part of it is kind of facilitating the execution of our strategic review. These. You'll see in the 8-Ks that are filed. These agreements are very complicated and they're very well thought through to give us the ability to execute a range of outcomes and make sure that we can be in a good position as we move to that stage of the process of not putting a time line on that, but these are set up in a way that give us a lot of optionality and flexibility to facilitate that outcome. And then third thing it brings additional capability to our company. Reed Raymond is a very sophisticated technology investor that will join our Board. Elliott will have the right to join our Board under an amended letter agreement with them when they clear some issues at their choice.  So, it brings a lot of capability to us as well. So, we feel good about people investing in the business about the opportunity to do this, and it puts us in a very strong position to continue to execute the business, invest in innovation as well as set ourselves up for the next phase of our strategic review.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think one of the things we're seeing is one of our big enterprise SSD customers go through a digestion phase in our FQ3 and I think they'll get through that in a quarter and be back to buying. So that should be -- that will get back to a good guy instead of a bad guy as far as the volume. And then we'll -- this is a very seasonally weak quarter for consumers. So, we'll see some step-up there. Client is a little bit TBD is now commercial and enterprise is a little weaker. The consumer side has stabilized. So, I don't want to put too much of qualification on it. But again, we feel good about our ability to have a very diverse portfolio, very diverse go to market engine. We've talked about this from the channel to consumer to the big OEMs to the web players. And I think, quite frankly, we saw last quarter that go to market engine performed really well. And when we get past a few seasonality things and a few things that are idiosyncratic with big customers, we'll see it kick back in and perform well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I don't think we're that far along to say -- to issue that kind of guidance, I guess, I would call that. But I think what we're saying is BiCS8 is well along in its technology evolution and it's reached production phase like I said -- I wish we had -- on video, I can show you the BiCS8 product I'm holding in my hands and playing with. But yes, I would say the investment doesn't change the way we're thinking about our supply situation. What we're trying to do is match our supply situation to our demand and make sure we can manage our inventory and it doesn't get out of control as we go through this process. We're trying to be very dynamic.  And obviously, when you're slowing down the fab. And one of the ways to do that is to slow down the nodal transition. It brings in this whole question of how long we're going to stay on BiCS6, how fast do we transition to BiCS8. And we're working through all of that. Again, that's a bit dynamic. A lot of it depends on what BiCS8 looks like and how it's being productized. And I think one of the things we're seeing here today is it has reached the productization stage ahead of schedule. And so, we'll have more to say about what that fab mix looks like as we go forward. It's clear we're going to have BiCS6 will be a shorter node. It won't go into every single product if it will go into the products that it needs and then we'll move other products straight to BiCS8.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would say it's -- actually, the channel has been pretty good on the client -- on SSDs this past quarter. So, I don't think there's anything particularly unusual in the channel. I think the channel performance has been -- was actually one of the bright spots last quarter. So, I don't think we see anything too unusual there.
David Goeckeler: Thank you, Sidney. Hi, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call. We look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter. Take care. 
Wissam Jabre: Yes. C.J., so the -- for the March quarter, we're projecting $250 million in total. That's between both Flash and HDD. We expect the probably, I would say, 3/4 of those to be in the Flash -- on the flash side and 1/4 in the HDD business. As we roll into the fourth quarter, I expect HDD to become minimal. But Flash will depend on how long we continue with the underutilization. The way to think of it is typically we -- as we under or as sort of we reduce the wafer starts, given the cycle time, we expect approximately 60% to 70% of the impact to come in the first, let's say, 90 days and then the remaining impact would be in the following quarter. So, the way to think of it is the March quarter would have around 60% to 70% of the impact from the underutilization for -- that we've taken -- the actions we've taken so far. Now that said, it could be that, depending on how the demand picture evolves, we haven't yet decided how long the underutilization is going to be, and we'll manage this in a very dynamic way as we continue to look at market inputs and so on. My comments were around assuming, let's say, a one-quarter event.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. I think the -- from a supply perspective, I would say, it will be in the lower -- I would say, it's probably given the CapEx situation, we're looking at this to be in the single-digit growth from a supply perspective.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Sure, Joe. I should have clarified when I talked about the underutilization that we don't necessarily have a similar approach to the accounting for underutilization as some of our peers. For us, the underutilization charges are taken as a period expense. And so, any portion of the factory that's not being utilized is basically expensed within the quarter. And so, it does not flow through the inventory and back to the P&L, if that helps.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So, Jason, my comment was around the supply side. I would say, single digit, let's call it, high single-digit percentage growth. I didn't necessarily make any comments on the demand side. On the demand side, it'll probably be in the low 20% range in calendar '23 versus calendar '22.  As for the second part of your question, which is related to inventory. Look, we go through the process at the end of every quarter as part of our quarter close. We look at the various demand signals versus the inventory on hand and the costs, et cetera. And we're comfortable with where we ended at the end of calendar Q4.
Wissam Jabre: I mean we typically don't forecast these things and we manage the business in a dynamic way. So, I don't expect anything major there.
Wissam Jabre: Well, let me start with the answer, Wamsi. When we look at our inventory exiting the fourth quarter, our inventory appears to be in a better position than our peers. And so obviously, when we consider the utilization and where the demand is and the improvement in demand over time on the HDD side, that's really what drove my comment. And so, based on what we see today, this is how we anticipate things to unfold.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, Shannon. So, the one thing to keep in mind is the -- we still have the IRS settlement payment that's expected to be in the fourth quarter. And so, when the time comes for that, we will make a decision based on what's the most efficient way to pay. If we don't need to draw down on our new facility, then we won't do that because obviously, the additional investment also gives us flexibility and optionality from a liquidity perspective.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So, when you look at where we ended the December quarter, we were down versus also the September quarter, which was also down versus the previous quarter. So, in other words, from the beginning of the fiscal year until now, we've taken down approximately $100 million. And we guided to be $600 million to $620 million. We continue to take similar actions going through the typical focusing on exiting or reducing all sorts of discretionary expenses. But more importantly, we're basically focusing on maintaining the critical R&D investments so that we continue to invest in our technology and drive the long-term growth. So more of a similar type of actions as we've taken so far. And that should get us close to the $600 million and below that by the end of the fourth quarter.
Wissam Jabre: So, Tom, maybe I'll start with the latter part of your question. as we're guiding for a share loss for this quarter, including the dilution of the preferred -- the convert would be anti-dilutive. And so that's why you don't see them reflected in the share count. However, as we swing to a profit, I would expect us to include them as part of our fully diluted share count. So, they'll have some limited dilution impact.
Wissam Jabre: So, Jim, thanks for the question. My comment around underutilization going away was more related to the HDD side of the business. On the flash side or on the NAND side, I would say it is a dynamic situation. We will continue to assess as we see the demand signal coming. And so, the example I gave earlier was on the assumption that we don't -- that we have only one quarter of underutilization. I wanted to make sure that's well described, so that -- for modeling purposes. But yes, the comment around underutilization disappearing was mostly related to the hard drive side. And look, on the NAND side, also when we exited Q4, we -- our inventory position was better than some of our peers. And we're taking this action to continue to manage our inventory given where the demand picture is today. but that's an evolving situation, and we will be -- we can -- as David said, this is a decision that we can take on a weekly basis if we need to change the approach.
Wissam Jabre: The quick answer to this, Karl, is we don't see the need to do that. And so, this is why we don't project it. We continue to manage the inventory situation on a dynamic basis. But as of the end of the quarter, we were comfortable on where we are. And from where I stand today, we don't see the need to do that.
Wissam Jabre: So, let me maybe just clarify on the HDD side, to be clear, when we look at the inventory movement in the December quarter that just ended, we did reduce the HDD inventory quite a bit. In fact, the increase came from the Flash side. So, when we look at the numbers, I think quarter-to-quarter at the company level, we saw around $90 million reduction in inventories. And those were more than $200 million of reduction was in the HDD side. That was partly offset by some of the growth in Flash. And so, we don't think the inventory situation on the hard drive side is bad. We obviously will continue to monitor as we do on a regular basis. We also are, as part of the $250 million underutilization that we talked about for the March quarter, there are some continued underutilization on the hard drive side, which would allow us to continue to manage inventory very tightly and maintain that discipline on the supply side until, obviously, the demand growth accelerates.  And that's what my comment was about the next quarter, not necessary, in other words, the June quarter, not necessarily seeing as much of hard drive underutilization charges. I hope this clarifies.
Wissam Jabre: So, Sidney, this is a fair way of looking at the transition from Q2 to Q3 with the improved utilization or, let's say, smaller -- lesser underutilization on the hard drive side, we expect to see some improvement in the gross margin quarter-to-quarter. And unfortunately, with the high underutilization charge related to the 30% supply cut on the Flash side, we're anticipating the gross margin there to be slightly negative. And so that sums it up.
