Stephen D. Milligan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal fourth quarter and full-year financials and wrap up with our guidance for the fiscal first quarter before we take your questions. We reported strong financial performance in the June quarter to complete an outstanding fiscal 2017. Our unique platform of diverse storage technologies and value-added products helped drive this performance, as we addressed a broader set of markets following the SanDisk acquisition. On a pro forma basis, we operated near the top of our revenue growth model with 7% year-over-year top-line growth, and we delivered very healthy margins. As a result of our unique platform, relationships with our customers are more strategic in recognition of our changing role and the data storage ecosystem. For the June quarter, we reported revenue of $4.8 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 41% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.93. We generated strong operating cash flow reflecting continued healthy demand in many of our end markets. Our financial performance in fiscal 2017 demonstrates the differentiated value we can deliver as a comprehensive data storage solutions leader. With industry-leading technologies and demonstrated ability to quickly productize them, we have been able to strategically fulfill the market's growing storage requirements. Our flexible business model also allows us to realize differentiated financial performance in varied market conditions, giving us greater capability to navigate a range of market conditions than what our legacy companies could achieve on a standalone basis. In addition to our strong financial performance, our team continues to execute very well on the ramp of 3D NAND technology and on the integration of HGST, SanDisk and WD, each of which Mike and Mark will elaborate on. I would also like to provide a brief update on our ongoing discussions with Toshiba. Our goal has always been to protect and preserve the health and future of our successful joint ventures. We and our subsidiaries have operated the JVs with Toshiba for the last 17 years. It is a partnership that has been highly successful for both parties and for Japan. As you may have seen in media reports, Mark and I were in Japan last week to continue our dialog with Toshiba and its stakeholders. Our discussions were constructive, and we will continue to work to seek a solution that is in the best interest of all parties. Beyond that, we will not get into more detail on this matter until we have a material update to share with you. We know this is an important topic for the investment community and we are committed to keeping you apprised. Rest assured, this has the full attention of our team as we are committed to the continued success of the joint ventures. In closing, I want to thank our employees for all that we have done and accomplished over the course of the last several years. We are building a great company with a strong foundation for our future as a differentiated leader in the storage industry. I will now turn the call over to Mike to provide business highlights in the June quarter.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, right now, one of the things that I would emphasize, Mehdi, is that we continue to secure wafer output. We expect to continue to secure wafer output, and from a manufacturing and operations perspective, the JV remains very healthy.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't think that that's a reasonable scenario to be considered. I would find that to be – and I'm not sure how to characterize it, but just highly unrealistic assumption to assume that.
Stephen D. Milligan: So, I think Sherri, just to add a little bit of color, this is Steve. I mean we're obviously pleased and will continue to do everything that we can to operate outside our gross margin model from an upside perspective. That being said, this is a factual comment and not meant to alarm anybody, the reality is that subsequent to when we acquired SanDisk, we have been dealing with very favorable market conditions as it relates to NAND. We all know that supply and demand will even out a bit more and it'll become less of a constrained environment. Or historically, when that happens, is that puts a little bit more downward pressure on your margins. As we go through, call it, that sort of a cycle, we'll have a better idea of what happens in that kind of an environment. We'll use that information and then see if a revision of the margin ranges that we've indicated previously is appropriate. And believe me, as the CEO of the company, we'd be happy to raise those margin levels if we think that makes sense as we move through a bit more time.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So I'll talk about that. We're making very good strong progress on 64-layer BiCS3 technology, and our yields are very strong, so it's consistent with Mike's prepared remarks. We're really pleased with the progress that we're making on BiCS3 as well as frankly the progress that we're making on our next generation, the 96-layer BiCS4. So very pleased and hats off to the team in terms of the progress that's being made. In terms of bit growth, we have indicated that the industry growth will be towards the lower end of our longer-term expectation of 35% to 45% and that's for calendar 2017. And we would anticipate that our specific bit growth will be a little bit higher than that. So we'll be slightly exceeding on the industry growth rate. And then, your comment or question with regards to, I guess, being cut off from a NAND supply perspective. It's similar to the question that we had earlier and that is a very unlikely scenario.
Stephen D. Milligan: Sure, Rod. And as – well, as I've said in my prepared remarks, we remain in constructive dialog with Toshiba and our stakeholders in Japan and that includes conversations with regards to Fab 6.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, Rod. In all honesty, I am not familiar with the details of all the particular filings that you're referring to, so I can't comment on that specific filing. Recognize that the discussions and various things that have been going on with Toshiba, there's been a lot of back and forth, and it's been a difficult situation for all of us including for Toshiba. And rather than talking about the history in terms of the back and forth that's occurred, I can assure you and our shareholders that last week and ongoing we're having discussions with Toshiba regarding Fab 6 and the discussions are constructive.
Stephen D. Milligan: So we want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you going forward. Have a great rest of the day.
Michael D. Cordano: Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. To build on Steve's remarks, I'm very pleased with a strong finish to our fiscal 2017. With several milestones achieved across the various areas of our business, all of our reported revenue categories grew both sequentially and year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Results from our NAND flash products were strong in the midst of a continued constrained supply environment, and HDD results were largely within our expectations. We made further progress towards our 3D NAND technology transition objectives, and our operational advancements remained on track. Most importantly, our results since the close of the SanDisk acquisition last year illustrate the power of our platform. Our client devices business grew by 36% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, despite the PC market being slightly weaker than expected in the quarter. This growth was driven by our progress in diversifying our customer base, and continued expansion of our product portfolio with the gains being most pronounced in mobility and client SSD. Combined revenue from emerging growth applications such as connected home, gaming and industrial also delivered strong sequential growth. We have begun multiple sampling activities for embedded products designed for the automotive market, a compelling long-term growth opportunity. In client solutions, the strength of our WD, HGST and SanDisk brands, combined with our global distribution capabilities, allowed us to deliver strong performance in what has historically been our relatively weaker period in retail. This enabled us to achieve a 14% year-over-year revenue growth in the June quarter on a pro forma basis. The ability to serve customers with the broadest array of products and solutions is a key element of our strategy. Turning to data center devices and solutions. Shipments of our 10 terabyte helium drives increased significantly on a sequential basis as our industry-leading product made further inroads in hyperscale data centers. The storage and efficiency requirements of data center customers are driving a sustained shift to the 10 terabyte capacity point, and we believe we further increased our market presence in this category. On a cumulative basis, since the launch of our helium platform four years ago, we have shipped more than 18 million helium drives. Qualification activities for our 12 terabyte helium drives began at key hyperscale and OEM customers in the June quarter. With the success of our 10 terabyte platform and our expectation to continue our generational lead with the 12 terabyte platform, we are well positioned to maintain product leadership over the next several years. For the nearline drive market, our expectation for the long-term industry exabyte growth at the 40% annual rate remains unchanged. Given certain industry-wide component shortages, we now estimate the industry exabyte growth to be approximately 30% for calendar 2017. However, we expect our own growth rate will be approximately 40% given the strong adoption of our nearline offerings. In our JV fab operations, we continued the strong ramp on our 64-layer 3D NAND BiCS3 technology during the quarter with a significant portion of our product shipments now using this industry-leading technology. Manufacturing yields of BiCS3 continue to meet our expectations, and we are maintaining our projection for the combined JV output of 64-layer 3D NAND to be the highest in the industry in calendar 2017. Development work on BiCS4, our recently -announced 96-layer 3D NAND technology, is ongoing and we expect to begin sampling in calendar 2017 with meaningful production volumes in calendar 2018. In addition to the solid progress on our BiCS portfolio, we are delivering innovative new technology capabilities such as the recently announced 4-bits-per-cell 3D NAND. From a future fab perspective, we intend to participate in the JV's Fab 6 to provide additional clean room space to support the further conversion of our existing 2D NAND capacity to 3D NAND. We expect production output from the new clean room facility to begin in calendar 2018. From a NAND industry supply standpoint, our estimate for bit growth rate for calendar 2017 remains at the low end of our long-term industry outlook of 35% to 45%, and for calendar 2018, somewhat higher than in 2017. Combined with the secular growth drivers for NAND flash, we continue to believe that the favorable NAND industry conditions will persist at least through the first half of calendar 2018. In closing, our strong fiscal 2017 results highlight the power of our platform. The various ingredients that make up this platform including technologies, products, go-to-market capabilities, and our team are helping us better serve our diversified customer base and manage our business to the best strategic and financial outcomes. I will turn the call over to Mark for the financial discussion.
Michael D. Cordano: Sure. So let me start with a bigger picture. I think for some time, we've been adjusting both our product roadmap and our product investment to try to get that optimized versus how we see the market evolving over time. That is one dimension. The other dimension is how we're working on our cost basis and our factory footprint. So we've been taking actions for some time to put ourselves in an optimal position given our broader strategy. But if we bring it down to some more sort of specific elements, we obviously feel very good about where we are with our 10 terabyte. We had significant quarter-over-quarter growth in terms of our output and our volume and our revenue. And we think we're in a very good position, as I stated in my prepared remarks, to continue to gain momentum through the back half of the year and that's from 10 terabyte to 12 terabyte. So to give you a little more color, I think one thing we've seen is the sort of top line of our hard drive business is showing more favorable flat to slightly up dimensions. And just to give you a bit of a reference point (23:53) our legacy hard drive only model, we're operating somewhere near the higher end of that model, to give you a little more flavor.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. I think the way you should think about that is, customers see us in a very strategic fashion. It comes down to the breadth of our portfolio and their view of us as a long-term relevant partner. And so that translates to a more strategic engagement, which ultimately turns into a better commercial engagement over time.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think the market size opportunity, we would see, is relatively the same and unchanged. We certainly see unstructured data and object storage, as the most optimum way to pursue that is a strategically viable path. We remain committed and convicted to that. As we've also said we're in a nascent phase of our business. I think we're making good progress. You saw that we brought Phil Bullinger into the company to continue to evolve our capabilities in this area. I would say we're satisfied with progress, but it's a little too early to talk about the specifics.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So let me just talk about that. Our guidance does not assume any continued upward movement in bit cost. So what we've assumed is that we're in a fairly stable period on a go-forward basis. So obviously, as we – to the extent that remains ongoing, we would expect our margins in our flash business to stay at the current level.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think particularly as we think about the nearline or capacity enterprise market, as I stated, we've revised down our outlook for exabyte growth this year. The reason for that is really twofold. It is component supply shortages and then correspondingly in some instances the cost of components. So those two things are demand headwinds for us in the hyperscale market or for the industry. As I also stated, we think we will grow at the predicted 40% rate, and that's really based on our product portfolio and the advantage we have there. To some extent, we also would say it's a similar trend in PCs. We saw PCs being a little softer, maybe down 2%. We think the same thing is in effect there. Both cost and availability is really creating some headwinds for PC makers.
Michael D. Cordano: Hey, Mark. This is Mike. Let me talk about the customer engagement. So I think for a number of reasons, customers have chosen to engage on a longer horizon. Some of it is technology access, some of it is supply assurance. And certainly, we are operating on a multi-quarter or, in some instances, well into 2018 basis with customers. And that's some of the reason we feel comfortable making the statement that we've made, that we believe the flash market will stay constrained through the first half of 2018. It's really the way the market and customers are prepared to engage us.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So first of all, the $500 million mark reference is a combination of the two, and it's really timing relative to our original projections. So we would not disagree. We see revenue synergy as a very strong strategic opportunity. We're well on our pace to execute those synergies, and we see more in front of us. So I would not disagree in general with your statements. But the $500 million is a combination of the two, as well as the further out targets that we gave at the time of the acquisition.
Michael D. Cordano: So it depends on the particular CSP. Some of them were more advanced than others, and it really depends on their product requirements. As we've stated, our enterprise SSD portfolio, although we have some competitive products, is not all that we would expect it to be. That portfolio gets stronger in 2018, which will further enable that process. So that remains sort of a forward-looking positive lever for us as we engage, but we are well underway mechanically with all of them. It's really in some instances where we don't have all the product fits that we need.
Michael D. Cordano: Yes, we do. So I think it begins with the helium platform maturity. It's a complex technology to get right, to deliver reliable product in the field, to ramp at high-volume, and that's just the base. We also have a pipeline of other technologies that we think are well-situated to allow us to continue to maintain and protect that lead. So we feel very good about the 10 terabyte, we feel good about the 12 terabyte, and frankly speaking, we feel good about products after that.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think relative to SMR technology, it's about, from our standpoint, when we deploy that and to what market. I would acknowledge that our competitor went earlier in client and they had a lead on us. We're in the process of closing that. But our strategy has been from the beginning, deploy the technology where most value could be obtained from it and we see that happening frankly speaking at 14 terabytes and beyond and we'll be quite competitive at that point.
Michael D. Cordano: So there is always some of that in the world, but obviously, I referenced our engagement with customers and our ability to construct agreements with them that gives us confidence about our position into the first half of 2018. And normally customers, if they believe the supply circumstances would be different, they would not entertain such agreements. So it's an affirming point of view to our general market expectation.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So just a little more color to my earlier comments around both hyperscale and PC. We would expect there will be some seasonal – normal seasonal growth in the back half, but both of those will be muted somewhat by those factors I talked about. We had previously been looking at about a flat PC market for the year. We now are projecting or planning for down about 2%, and then we also gave color or revision down on industry exabytes deployed in capacity enterprise, which we think will be around 30% which is down from the originally planned for 40%.
Mark P. Long: Well, two things. First, the synergies that we're providing are – those are net synergies, with respect to what we're doing specifically for the SanDisk integration. And as you know, those synergies are both at the expense level as well as at the revenue level. So we see continued opportunity to achieve that $500 million a year run rate by the end of – it's really also the same time period, right? Eighteen months after the deal is about the end of this calendar year. So we feel very good about that. And as we've said, one of the areas that we've had very good success from a revenue synergy standpoint is in the ability to drive greater revenue in the client SSD space, as an example, by leveraging our strength in the client HDD market. So that's been very successful.
Mark P. Long: Well, you're certainly right that we've been operating above our long-term model. And I think at this point, we do feel it's a prudent model, and it does allow us to make the right investments to scale appropriately, but as we get more data and as we continue to ramp our 3D NAND technologies, we will always review the model. But at this point, we do believe that's the right range. But it's not a ceiling, and we certainly do everything we can to ensure that we're operating at the right gross margin level, so that we're ensuring that the financial model is appropriately optimized for the environment, and that's what you're seeing right now.
Mark P. Long: Right. And as it relates to financial forecast for 2018, we just haven't provided that level of granularity although, as Mike points out, we expect to have the first half of calendar 2018 benefit from the strong NAND environment, and we would expect gross margin to benefit accordingly.
Mark P. Long: Sure. Well, what still remains to be done is to close the gap between what we stated as the Q4 results, so roughly the $700 million in HGST synergies on an annual run rate basis, that by the end of the year, we have a $800 million target, so we expect to close that. And as we always do, our plans are to exceed the goals. But at this point, it's the $100 million of incremental synergies that we need to close the gap to the goal.
Mark P. Long: We have plans. We're highly confident. And if you think about the COG side of the equation, we have largely reached our internal goal to hit the $800 million, and we are working to close the OpEx side of it, just to provide a little more visibility. On the Schrader side...
Mark P. Long: On the SanDisk side, of the $300 million left to achieve the $500 million target, we're also very confident, we feel we have the plans in place and the momentum both on the revenue synergies that I talked about earlier and on the cost and more the OpEx synergies. So we feel very confident that we'll achieve the $500 million in SanDisk synergies as well.
Mark P. Long: Well, as we stated, we remain committed to our long-term deleveraging plan, and in addition to that, we will continue to review value creation opportunities as they arise. So long term, getting to the investment grade status is still our objective, and we will continue to look for the best way to deploy capital from a strategic standpoint in addition to our deleveraging.
Mark P. Long: Right. And just to clarify, so the end of this calendar year is where we have the $500 million annual run rate synergies for the SanDisk acquisition. And then in 2020 we have $1.1 billion of total synergies. So you're right, we continue to drive all the different synergies, the cost synergies, the OpEx synergies, as well as the revenue synergies...
