Stephen Milligan: Thank you Peter, and good afternoon everyone. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. Also with us today is Robert Eulau, newly appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will formally take over the CFO role from Mark Long on May 9, 2019. Bob has more than 30 years' experience in various financial and operational leadership roles in the technology industry. And I'm pleased to welcome him to the Western Digital Team.
Stephen Milligan: Turning to our business, market conditions have generally been consistent with our expectations described in January. That being said, we are encouraged to see demand incrementally improve in certain areas such as capacity enterprise and client compute. Our expectation for the demand environment to further improve for both flash and hard drive products for the balance of calendar 2019 is largely unchanged. And looking at the quarter from a product perspective, sales of hard drives were a bit stronger than expected. Higher demand for capacity enterprise products drove most of the upside and we saw a nice rebound at higher capacity points. We are experiencing a very smooth product ramp with our 14TB product. In addition, we also realized a significant expansion of our presence in the mid-range. Demand for flash-based products was slightly better than expectations; however, prices declined more than we anticipated. We are executing well on the plans we laid out last quarter, in terms of enhancing our product lineup, driving technology advancements, rightsizing our factory production levels, and lowering our cost and expense structures. We continue to make excellent progress toward commercializing our internally developed NVMe based platforms. I'm pleased to report the commencement of initial revenue shipments of our enterprise NVMe SSD and we are on track to accelerate the volume ramp of this product over the remainder of calendar 2019. We also commence shipments of our NVMe client SSDs based on 96-layer, 3D flash, BiCS4 technology. The manufacturing ramp and commercialization of BiCS4, which we believe is the industry's lowest cost technology is progressing well. In the second half of calendar 2019, BiCS4 will become our highest volume runner in terms of flash output. In HDDs, we continue to lead the industry in aerial density through technologies such as SMR and energy-assisted recording and are on track to ship our first energy-assisted capacity enterprise drives later this year. From a flash supply perspective, we are continuing our previously announced wafer output reductions without compromising our cost leadership position. We made substantial progress on realigning our cost and expense structure. The Kuala Lumpur manufacturing facility has largely ceased operations and combined with other actions we are already realizing incremental cost savings. Our focus is on driving long-term value creation for Western Digital and its stakeholders, while prudently navigating near business conditions. Emerging technologies such as 5G open up new applications and use cases creating immense amounts of data. Further, applications such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, autonomous vehicles, mobility and IoT will continue to generate growing data volumes that need to be captured, preserved, accessed and transformed. The relentless pace of innovation bodes well for the long-term growth in the data storage requirements and the resulting opportunities for our company. I want to thank the Western Digital Team and our partners for their ongoing support. I would also like to thank Mark Long for his service to Western Digital. Mark has been instrumental in the transformation of the company and I wish him the very best in his future endeavors. With that, Mike will now share our business highlights.
Stephen Milligan: Sure. I will have Mike comment on it I mean -- provide a little bit more detail on capacity enterprise, but as I indicated capacity enterprise was a bit stronger than what we expected, which we were very pleased to see that. Client compute as you will know, PC volumes continued to decline, but they declined at a more moderate rate than what at least we were expecting, one area of a bit of weakness from a demand perspective, which I think is largely known in the investment community is handset volumes were a bit lower than expected, so we did see a little bit of draw down as a result of that, but Mike can comment a little bit more on the capacity enterprise upside that we saw.
Stephen Milligan: So, I'll give some overall comment Aaron and then either Mike or Mark can add a little bit more specifics. One of the things that I will highlight if you go back particularly to fiscal Q2 our gross margin levels for the hard drive business had gotten kind of below what we normally expect at 27% I believe is the number. We saw a nice rebound this quarter as we begin to see some of those cost improvements that you noted as well as a better mix in terms of capacity enterprise. We would expect that that would continue and will continue -- and we'll work our way back up into a, let's call it, a more normalized gross margin level in the hard drive space, which clearly implies that given that we're guiding essentially the flat gross margins that we'll continue to see a downdraft in terms of flash gross margins in the current quarter as we see cost -- price pressures continue. As Mike indicated in his commentary, we expect although of course we don't know for sure that that price decline will moderate as we move through the calendar year. So, it'll take a little bit of time for that to get into a more acceptable range of price declines. So, I don't know if that helps a bit Aaron in terms of high level commentary.
Stephen Milligan: Yes. And to put a finer point on it Aaron, if you just look at our model that's high 30's, low 40's for Flash.
Stephen Milligan: Yes. The other thing I'll comment on relative to our ability to navigate the market, our inventory position that we discussed being sort of more in check and improving sequentially allows us to be more selective and when we talk about selectivity, that's -- think about it as quality of the business which would be profitability via principle measurement and all that.
Stephen Milligan: So, I think the principle driver of growth was actually broader inventory levels within the broad based hyperscale levels. So, yes I think there is some modest waiting for the next capacity point that played, let's call it, a secondary role, but the primary role for calendar Q4 and the drop we saw was really inventory levels in them and our customers making an inventory correction. Relative to sort of competitiveness in the back half of the year, I talked about that. I think there is multiple approaches, we're quite comfortable with our approach, it gets there at the next viable capacity point with less heads and disks, which will give us a cost advantage vis-à-vis our competition. So, that's the application of our leading technology in a way that gives us an advantage though, from our standpoint we've talked about energy assist being important to us. As a technology enabler, we continue to be confident that it will give us the benefits we expect and we'll see that in the next generation of products.
Stephen Milligan: Well, we have not dimensioned that, certainly not externally. The one thing that I will add to that is -- and we commented on this previously is that when we look at let's just talk about our expense structure, forget about the cost structure for the time, but one of the things that we were attempting to not do was to disrupt or harm our future product road map. If market conditions, I mean it's hard to mention this because you don't know if market conditions got more challenging. First off, you'd have to evaluate why they got more challenging and sort of understand that but if they -- if they got more challenging, we would have to take a harder look at our go-forward product roadmap. Right now, we don't think that's necessary based upon our expectations both from a market perspective and from a financial perspective, but that would be the next place that we would go look from an expense standpoint. And like I said, we have not dimensioned any potential opportunity as it relates to that.
Stephen Milligan: Well, I think we've seen the channel is getting in better shape. I think it's a little bit of a different story with certain manufacturers and there's a different story with each of them obviously, but our case has been that we wanted to get ourselves in a better position relative to flash inventory. We feel comfortable about the actions we took. We think it's put us in that position. So, we see things sort of trending down from here.
Stephen Milligan: So at this point, we don't see any need to reduce our output schedule. We talked about the industry supply growth rate being around 30%, we're at or slightly below that. We're comfortable with that position relative to our production plan given our current view of market outlook. We have not commented on the percentage of output on 2D planar. I'll give you this color, the remaining percentage of output tends to be in long life cycle businesses that have quite good economics. So, we're very comfortable with the remaining percentage of our output that's on 2D planar.
Stephen Milligan: So I think just to dimension it, we'd previously said for fiscal '19, our expectation for cash CapEx would be in the $1.5 billion to $1.9 billion range. And we believe will come in at the low end around $1.5 billion for fiscal '19. For fiscal '20, as Mike indicated, we expect our cash CapEx to be lower, and it should be in the $1 billion range at this point.
Stephen Milligan: Yes. I think the way you should think about it is our industry growth rate for the year will be at or slightly below the 30% we talked about. We chose to implement it in such a way; we took pressure off of our inventory position in the first half of the year, which is seasonally slow. So, I think generally speaking we think we're well aligned with our view of market demand and our inventory position is in a reasonably good position, as we sort of go through this quarter into the back half of the year.
Stephen Milligan: Sure. So, with respect to the driver, it has to do with our multi chip package product that goes into smartphones and as we said, these carry the DRAM that we purchase and it turned out one of the reasons it was a higher charge than you might have expected was just a function of the amount of DRAM we had in inventory. And as it relates to future quarters, this is something we evaluate every quarter and this one just was higher than much higher than typical. So we spend time explaining that.
Stephen Milligan: Yes. So listen, the lowest -- all those factors are at play, but the principal one that occurred in the tail end of calendar 2018, if you remember, lots of components were on constrained supply, so DRAM Flash and even capacity enterprise. So, in that environment, the hyperscale players are very concerned about availability, about the ability to continue to build out their infrastructure, so they bought ahead of demand to secure that supply line. So once the supply -- overall supply environment began to change, they took upon themselves to normalize inventory position. So, that was the primary driver. Yes. There's always an efficiency effort going on within the hyperscale, but that's generally comprehended within our growth rate expectations, the thing that -- that impacted at least us in calendar Q4 was what I just described relative to inventory adjustment.
Stephen Milligan: All right. So thank you all for joining us and we look forward to continuing our dialogue. Have a great rest of the day.
Mark Long: Thank you, Mike and good afternoon everyone. Revenue in the March quarter was $3.7 billion, in the middle of our guidance range. Flash revenue was $1.6 billion with a sequential bit decline of 5% and a sequential average selling price per gigabyte decline of 23%. The sequential decline in Flash revenue was primarily due to price, seasonality, and weaker sales of embedded mobile products. Our Drive revenue was $2.1 billion, which was similar to the prior quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin in the quarter was 25.3%, below our guidance of approximately 28% due to a $110 million charge or 300 basis point impact incurred for lower of cost or market LCM reserves. Flash non-GAAP gross margin was 21% due to the rate of price productions and the aforementioned $110 million LCM charge, primarily related to an inventory write down of multi-chip packages that contain DRAM. Hard drive gross margin on a non-GAAP basis rose to 29% compared to the prior quarter driven by an increased mix of capacity enterprise drives, excluded from the non-GAAP cost of revenue is a $148 million charge related to the under-utilization of our portion of the flash joint venture fans. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $742 million; the lower guidance as a result of better progress towards our expense reduction targets. As a reminder, for non-GAAP cost of goods sold, we expect the full benefit of our $100 million per quarter cost reduction efforts to be reflected by the end of the December quarter of 2019. And for non-GAAP operating expenses, we expect to see the full results of our $100 million per quarter expense reduction efforts to be reflected within the September quarter of 2019. Our non-GAAP tax expense was $49 million, which was higher than estimated due to a quarterly effective tax rate true-up, and the fact that our tax expense is a relatively fixed dollar amount at this profitability level. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.17. The LCM charge impacted and diluted non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.37. Operating cash flow for the March quarter was $204 million and free cash flow was a negative $110 million, primarily due to lower operating income. In the March quarter, we paid $146 million in dividends to shareholders. At quarter end, we had $3.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and available for sale securities and our principal debt outstanding was $10.8 billion. Earlier today, we announced the successful execution of an amendment to the existing financial covenants under our credit agreements. The amendment provides Western Digital with significant additional financial flexibility to navigate market cycles. Turning to inventory, on a dollar basis, hard drive inventory decreased and flash inventory was essentially unchanged from the prior quarter after the impact of the LCM reserves. Looking into the June quarter, we expect of flash and HDD inventory to decline on a sequential basis. I will now provide our guidance for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2019 on a non-GAAP basis. We expect revenue in the range of $3.6 to $3.8 billion, gross margin of approximately 24% to 25%, operating expenses between $720 million and $740 million, interest and other expense of approximately $100 million, tax expense between $20 million and $30 million, diluted shares of approximately $295 million. As a result, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.10 to $0.30. Finally, for modeling purposes, please note that the September 2019 quarter will have 14 weeks instead of the normal 13 weeks. In closing before I turn the call to the operator for the Q&A, I would like to thank Steve, Mike, and the entire Western Digital Team for the opportunity to serve as the Company's CFO. It's been a great experience working with all of you. With that, operator, please begin the Q&A session.
Mark Long: Yes. We took the opportunity to amend our credit agreements because the markets were favorable and this does give us a significant amount of additional flexibility and we were able to do it with very low cost.
Mark Long: This was not in response to any near-term concerns. This was just a prudent move that gives us good long-term flexibility.
Mark Long: Yes. I mean, I think on an overall basis we are not changing our long-term model at this point. So, we just need to see the industry work off the inventory and the price declines to moderate as we've talked about and then as flash normalizes and Steve talked about the improvements in the hard drive gross margins through the back half, we -- we should see the kinds of dynamics we talked about at the last Investor Day.
Mark Long: Well, I think you are exactly right in terms of our underutilization charge with the majority of it occurring in the prior quarter and through this quarter. So, we haven't given a breakdown in terms of the amount of our Kuala Lumpur shutdown benefit that we're receiving in the Q4. But as we said, we will be getting that full $400 million a year of cost benefit exiting calendar Q4 this year.
Mark Long: Okay. Well, in terms of the underutilization charge as you heard me say earlier, the majority of that will be taken and reflected in the first half of this calendar year. And then a very small portion is left for the remainder as it -- and that is the full extent of our current plan for utilizing the [indiscernible] as relates standing changes to that, Mike.
Mark Long: So let's clarify that C.J. -- let's clarify so our underutilization charge, the largest portion was in the March quarter. Then we are expecting between $55 million and $75 million in the June quarter and then that will account for virtually all of the -- there'll be just a very small amount that will go beyond the June quarter.
Mark Long: No. So that was the benefit of the amendment. The amendment really had two great features. One is what you talked about, which is we pushout step down for our total leverage maintenance covenant from 4.25 times to 4 times. We push out that step down by one year. So, it just provides that additional headroom. Now, the second important piece is, we changed the definition of adjusted EBITDA to increase adjusted EBITDA by the amount of the depreciation for our portion of the JV; CapEx basically that is.
Mark Long: Exactly. But it was previously not included in the definition of adjusted EBITDA. So that was a -- that provided us a significant benefit in the calculation of that leverage ratio.
Michael Cordano: Yes. Wamsi, I think capacity enterprise it was fairly broad-based. At the highest capacity, I think it would be viewed as sort of domestic hyperscale providers. We saw strength of demand both in our 12TB and 14TB products and then in a mid-range, we saw strength in Asia. So, we saw a fairly broad based strength across the capacity enterprise gateway.
Michael Cordano: Yes. The other thing I'll add Aaron is on the flash cost declines. We've kind of talked about being at the low end of long-term range at 15%-ish. So, you'll have to think about it that way on an annualized basis.
Michael Cordano: I'll talk to sort of flash cost downs and given the ramp of BiCS4, I just talked about the annualized rate that is more back half loaded, so we see a shallower cost decline in the first half more to come in the back half and Mark you want to.
Michael Cordano: Yes. I mean if you look at -- I'll provide a little bit of additional commentary, which will be largely consistent with what I talked about at the last earnings call is that you know as we move through the balance of the calendar year. One, starting from a top line perspective, we expect our top line to improve at a meaningful rate as we see demand pick up, capacity enterprise as well as seasonal pickup in demand from both a flash and from a hard drive perspective. That will allow us -- obviously we'll have higher revenue. We will also have more of the benefit of the cost and expense reductions, as we particularly move into the September quarter or then in December. And so, that will allow us to see some lift in terms of our earnings, as we move through the back half of the year. The big question which is the question that you're trying to get at is what is our margin level going to look like? Let me provide a little bit more color on that, in the sense that we continue to expect that our hard drive margins will improve as we move through the balance of the calendar year. Flash becomes the wildcard, now I said this last call and I'm going to say it again because it really is the same answer. What are we assuming? We're assuming that we're going to continue to see pressure in terms of our flash gross margins as we move through the balance of the calendar year. And the reason that we're doing that principally is that, we want to plan for the worst and if you want to call it hope for the best. Now, we don't know exactly what's going to happen to Flash gross margins because a lot of that is dependent upon other factors that are outside of our control. What do our competitors do, production levels, demand levels, and all that. So, we don't know exactly how it's going to play out, but from our standpoint it is safest to assume that we're going to continue to see our Flash gross margins remain under some degree of pressure as we move through the calendar year, albeit maybe at a moderating level from a pricing perspective as we move through to the back half of the year.
Michael Cordano: Yes. Relative to any changes as you would expect, we'll continue to monitor market conditions. But at this point, no additional plans beyond what we've already announced. And then relative to sort of the cost implication once, of course we're through that period that's reflected in our estimate of around 15% annualized cost down.
Michael Cordano: Yes. Mehdi, we think that's an industry opportunity and obviously we would hope to do a bit better than that.
Michael Cordano: We would expect days of inventory be roughly in the same range for Q4 and then to decline and begin to normalize in the backup.
Michael Cordano: No. Our view and the reason we commented on our expectations for calendar year growth is that we'll see some additional strength in the first half and we believe the second half will remain strong, so that drove our update in our forecast from the low 20's year-on-year total bit growth to approximately 30% year-on-your bit growth.
Michael Cordano: Yes. C.J. just to reiterate, we have not modified our production plan at all from the original announcement; so hence what Mark just said.
Michael Cordano: Yes. And let me add to that because when we announced these cuts in terms of wafer starts, we had a -- we had a simple goal, which was to get our inventory levels down to a range that we felt comfortable with. With the plan cuts that we have made, we are moving in that direction. Our intent was not to eliminate all pockets of inventory within the system. That will require other activities. So, we are in a position to be where we thought we wanted to be and frankly, we were talking about exiting the June quarter. So, we're kind of in that spot or moving in that spot, but I just want to make sure that everybody is clear in terms of what we were trying to accomplish as a consequence of the web wafer starts that we made to our production levels.
