Stephen Milligan: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. After my opening remarks, Olivier Leonetti will provide additional commentary on our March quarter performance and our outlook for the June quarter. For the third fiscal quarter we reported revenues of $3.5 billion, non-GAAP gross margins of 31.1% and diluted earnings per share of $1.87. I am satisfied with our execution and results in light of the PC demand challenges what were largely driven by weak macroeconomic conditions. We delivered a solidly profitable quarter with continued strong cash generation, improved average selling price, and healthy gross margins. Overall, our storage shipments for the March quarter were 61exo of bytes up 14% year-over-year. We continue to carefully balance the management of short-term market dynamics with a strong focus on long-term value creation. This is reflected in our balanced approach to capital location. Fiscal year-to-date we returned $1.1 billion to our shareholders and share repurchases and dividends, while continuing to invest in high-growth market opportunities. We continue to make strong progress on several strategic growth initiatives. Our enterprise SSD business was accretive for the quarter and grew revenues by 67% year-over-year to $224 million. We also launched our new ultrastar MPME solutions in the enterprise space addressing the industry transition to standards-based PCIE solutions. We surpassed 1 million helium hard drive deployments and are now ramping our new 8 terabyte helium PMR sealed drives. We shipped our first active archive system, a new category of high value-added archival storage product addressing a market of approximately $15 billion. We completed the acquisition of Amplidata, a key building block of our vertical innovation strategy for active archive systems. We expanded our line of purpose-built drives for the fast-growing surveillance video recording space, and we launched four new models of high-performance NAS systems for the SMB space. These initiatives provide revenue expansion opportunities for our company as we leverage our capabilities and resources in the rapidly changing storage ecosystem. Turning to our outlook, we continue to see growth in exabyte shipments during calendar 2015 and beyond. However, we anticipate that global macroeconomic headwinds will persist in the short-term, further impacting PC sales. Given this we are cautious with regards to our near-term outlook. We believe this is prudent in the current environment and consistent with our focus on long-term value creation. That being said, we are fully prepared to meet any upside in demand that may occur as we progress through the June quarter. We are optimistic that the demand environment will improve in the second half of the year. We will continue to optimize our infrastructure and related investments to the current demand profile. That being said, our ability to respond to changing market dynamics is affected by the MOFCOM hold separate restriction. This is one of the central arguments that I continue to make in our regular interactions with MOFCOM. Lifting the hold separate restriction would be beneficial to consumers and our customers by promoting innovation and enhancing the competitive environment. Olivier will now provide a summary of our March quarter performance and outlook for the June quarter.
Stephen Milligan: The weakness that we saw during the quarter was entirely attributable to weakness in the PC market, largely driven by weakness from a broader global macroeconomic perspective. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, we expect that those headwinds from a global macroeconomic perspective are going to persist going into the second quarter, again, affecting PC sales. And we think that the TAM will be something in around the 120 million a unit range.
Stephen Milligan: Now, one other point to indicate, from an enterprise demand perspective, whether that be enterprise demand for traditional customers or for cloud-related customers, demand there continues to be healthy. And came in pretty much along our expectations, both from an industry perspective and as well as from a company perspective. And then going into the second half of the year, we are optimistic that the demand environment will improve, primarily due to a few things. One, we do expect that PC sales will pick up or we’re optimistic in that regard. We’ll begin to see a seasonal uptick relating to gaming units. And then we’ll also see a seasonal uptick from a demand perspective in terms of things like our branded business, those more consumer-oriented segments.
Stephen Milligan: Yeah, keep in mind that most of our head count from a total head count perspective is concentrated in our factories.
Stephen Milligan: And so, you know, not replacing workers that decide to move on for further employment. And if we go to the question on MOFCOM, what we have said, and we continue to say is that we expect that from an operating expense perspective, that we would realize approximately $100 million of OpEx savings a quarter. We have not quantified the savings that we would anticipate on the cost line item, but we have indicated that we would expect that to be meaningful.
Stephen Milligan: Yeah, so one of the things to keep in mind in terms of, well, one overall share and in particular enterprises share, things are going to -- share is going to shift a little bit quarter to quarter and particularly in the enterprise space, I hate to use the word lumpy because it tends to be a little bit overused but it tends to come in bigger chunks in terms of we can have a customer that we’re particularly strong with that may provide a little bit of incremental volume or the flip side could be true of our largest competitor and so share can move around a little bit more quarter-to-quarter from an enterprise perspective. But the important thing to keep in mind, there’s a few important things to keep in mind. One is, is that we’re very comfortable with our product positioning in that space and also very comfortable with the positioning from a customer perspective. And then the last comment that I will indicate is that we’ve also got to keep in mind that unit share is one indicator, but it is not the only indicator. You also have to look at revenue share as well as margin share. And in that regard, we’re particularly pleased with how we performed in the past quarter.
Stephen Milligan: Sure, Rich. Most of our revenue today is coming from our enterprise -- or the SaaS enterprise SSD offering that we have that we co developed with Intel. We continue to see strong receptivity to our product and good traction there. As I had in my prepared remarks, we’ve recently announced our PCIe/MME offering and what we’re seeing in that space which we have been anticipating for a while is a move away from proprietary-based PCIe solutions to call it a standards-based NBME solution. We’ll begin to see the impact of that from a revenue perspective as we move through the balance of 2015 from a calendar year perspective and so as of right now that is not meaningfully indicated, at least our revenue performance over the past quarter.
Stephen Milligan: Yes. And I’ll even go further than that, Rich, on that, I would expect that our profitability level will improve.
Stephen Milligan: Sure. Let me provide a little bit of color on that. The -- so we continue, as I alluded to in the prepared remarks, we continue to have frequent communications with MOFCOM. That includes myself. So, you know, and members of the management team. On the positive side, I am encouraged by the frequency of those communications and the substance of those communications. Where I am not pleased is with regards to the pace of decision-making or the transparency of that decision-making. And so one of the things that in a constructive way we continue to push is to help us understand exactly what the decision-making process is going to be and the timeframe associated with that. So that is where the frustration is just the timing and the nature or process surrounding that decision-making.
Stephen Milligan: Relative to hyperscale demand, we feel comfortable about our visibility right now through the balance of calendar 2015. And, again, as I alluded to in our prepared remarks, we’re expecting to see strong petabyte growth particularly in the hyperscale accounts. The one question which I had talked about on our earnings call last quarter is the question is how will that specifically impact our unit demand which is a function of the deployment of new capacity points as well as the acceptance of those new capacity points on behalf of our customers. So, for example, as we deployed an eight-terabyte drive what will be the take rate on that by our customers and obviously if you ship an eight-terabyte you don’t knee a two or four terabytes. So the impact is the one that’s a little bit more variable. But what we do feel very strongly about is continued growth in petabyte growth in hyperscale deployments.
Stephen Milligan: You’re right, a large portion of that delta is due to lack of synergies from related to the whole separate situation. The other thing is, which is don’t mean this to sound as a cop out because it may sound like a copout but keep in mind that our OpEx model was set back in September of 2012. One of the things that we need to do as the composition of our business changes and our investments change accordingly is a resetting of that model appropriate. I’m not suggesting that it is or it is not. It’s just something that we would have to contemplate. But clearly, one of the things that we’re going to have to do as we move forward is look at ways at optimizing our expenditures and, you know, we talk about that in terms of managing short-term dynamics with longer term value creation. And that becomes a bit more challenging as you see, as we did in this past quarter, a faster deceleration in the PC market largely driven by temporal factors.
Stephen Milligan: We have not as I said, last time on our earnings call and it was very consistent. Pricing was within our expectations. We did not see anything that was outside of our expectations. I will add one thing that as we look at this quarter from a demand perspective and anytime you do a demand forecast, the only thing that I know is that the demand may be higher or lower than what we expect. Right now we are taking a cautious view because it feels like the risk factors associated with a lower demand environment are greater than it being a higher level of demand. And we believe that is prudent because we all know what happens question we happen to oversupply the industry.
Stephen Milligan: So a couple comments on that. Generally speaking, when we look at inventory levels, we think that they are within manageable ranges. That being said, one of the comments that you indicated, when we look at our distribution business, our distribution business was down pretty meaningfully in Europe. And that is largely driven by the effect of a stronger U.S. dollar. And so we’re sensitive to that. We’ve tried to do, manage our business appropriately and manage those inventory levels. But as our customers in Europe are seeing a compression on their business driven by the U.S. dollar, that clearly puts pressure on our business as well.
Stephen Milligan: Well, we’ve had a pretty strong share position in the SaaS market for a while. I would not attribute our strong performance in this past quarter in any material way to any missteps on SanDisk’s part.
Stephen Milligan: Yeah, so just, Sherri, not to mince words but we’re optimistic that the demand environment will improve. Obviously, we’ll have to continue to keep an eye on that. The reasons that we’re optimistic is we do believe that the PC market will improve or we’re optimistic that it will improve, I should clarify that. We will see seasonal uptick in demand from the gaming segment. And we will continue to see or expect to continue to see strength in the broader enterprise market. I don’t know if I would characterize the enterprise -- Enterprise market has been consistent with our expectations. I don’t know if I would say that I’m expecting an acceleration of that in the back half of the year. I think that we’re expecting a continued strong demand environment in the broader enterprise market, including hyperscale.
Stephen Milligan: Yeah, so one of the things -- there’s really a few things to keep in mind, Jayson, on the active archive product. I mean, really we’re going after a bit of a Greenfield opportunity where we’re seeing data that today maybe isn’t stored because it’s not economical or it may be stored on other media, for example, tape and that sort of thing. And so we’re sort of blazing some trails there from a market perspective and doing that in a way that we believe is synergistic with our existing customer base. From a financial perspective I don’t believe that we have had presence, indicated specifically what that financial profile will look like other than to say that it would be accretive to our existing gross profit profile. And so far in terms of customer reaction we have shipped units and customer reaction so far has been very positive.
Stephen Milligan: That’s correct. And that’s why we indicated again in my prepared remarks that if demand ends up being better than we expected we’ll be there to meet it.
Stephen Milligan: We haven’t really seen that one way or the other so I don’t think it’s had much impact. If we look at demand for storage products or storage components in server-based systems, it’s been pretty steady. So not a real, big increase one way or the other or decrease so I don’t think it’s having much of an impact.
Stephen Milligan: Well, honestly that’s a lot of data to sort of throw out straightaway. It would require a little bit further analysis. But we continue to believe that from a competitive positioning standpoint we will remain, you know, particularly in the enterprise space, we will remain cost competitive in terms of any other solution. So generally speaking I would say, yes, I agree with your assertion.
Stephen Milligan: Thank you, again, for joining us today. In closing I want to thank all of our employees and suppliers for their commitment and outstanding execution and our customers for their continued business. Thank you so much.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Steve. Our revenue for the March quarter was $3.5 billion. We ship a total of 54.5 million hard drives at the average selling price of $61. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 30.1% and operating expenses totaled $591 million. Tax expense for the March quarter was $28 million or 7% of pre-tax income. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $441 million or $1.87 per share. Turning to the balance sheet, in the March quarter we generated $684 million in cash from operations and our free cash flow totaled $534 million. Our CapEx totaled $150 million, or 4% of revenue. We repurchased 2.2 million shares for $240 million. We also declared a dividend in the amount of $0.50 per share. We closed Q3 with total cash and cash equivalents of $4.8 billion of which approximately $880 million was held in the U.S. I will now provide our guidance for the June quarter. We expect revenue to be in the range of $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion. Excluding the amortization of intangibles, gross margin percentage to be around the midpoint of our business model of 27% to 32%. Operating expenses of approximately $590 million. Accordingly, we estimate non-GAAP earnings per share of between $1.50 and $1.60 for the June quarter. Operator, we’re now ready to open the call for questions.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me take this one. The margin decline in the quarter is going to be mainly attributed to absorption impact. That’s the main driver. And as Steve has indicated we expect the margin to pick up in the second half of the calendar year at the back of, a bounce back of the PC market and also some increased demand in the enterprise segment.
Olivier Leonetti: We would expect the decline business to keep declining, putting a number behind that would be a bit difficult. Probably less precipitous to what we have observed in the March quarter but some level of decline.
