David Goeckeler: Thanks, Bob. I want to conclude by thanking the Western Digital team for their hard work and commitment to our customers throughout a challenging quarter. Despite the transitory issues we have been able to successfully navigate, it is clearer than ever Western Digital's innovative technology portfolio is foundational to the rapid digital transformation and transition to the cloud that the world is experiencing. With our deep roots in a broad range of end markets and a sharp focus on execution, I'm confident in Western Digital's ability to capture this massive opportunity, and I'm looking forward to the rest of the fiscal year. Let's now begin the Q&A. 
David Goeckeler: Aaron, this is Dave. First of all, thanks for the question. I guess the one thing I would say as well is, whereas maybe a quarter or 2 ago, we were seeing it in maybe certain parts of the business, some of the OEMs, PC OEMs. Now we're seeing it more broadly, even the big data center players are having their demand impact. Our demand from them is being impacted by their ability to get other components. So it's really become a much more broad-based issue across the portfolio. 
David Goeckeler: Yes, I guess, Aaron, Bob right on the money on that. I guess the only thing I would add is a little bit of softness in some of the transactional and consumer markets, but that we're already seeing that level out a little bit. And we're really seeing this bifurcation where the qualified bits in the market are strong and unqualified are a little bit weaker. I guess that's not surprising given all the nodal transitions the industry is going through. But the primary issue, I would say that's the issue in mix, as Bob pointed out. And we expected that walking into the quarter. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think that's probably a little -- we don't guide each individual business, but I think your number is probably a little heavy. You hit on some of the issues. Some of it is mix. We've actually got one of our very, very big customers that has their own supply chain issues that's pushing out some orders. So that's a bit of an idiosyncratic thing that's happening there. There's some supply chain issues with, especially in kind of mid-cap and the ability to build all of that supply we want. We talked about that even in this past quarter in the smart video market, which is strong and there's some unmet demand there. And then we've got -- we're seeing a little bit of an inventory issue, quite frankly, in China, where there's a lot of high-cap inventory there, and that's kind of pulling the number down a little bit for the next quarter. But we -- so we expect all those things are transitory issues. We're really happy about the portfolio. I think the fact that AT&T was now -- the majority of the portfolio, we talked about shipping 20-t on a 9-disk platform and OptiNAND is out there and in customers' hands. So we feel really good about the innovation that was delivered in the quarter and about where the road map is going in the drive business and the new technology has been very well received. 
David Goeckeler: Yes, I think that's right. I mean it's early in the node. We are happy with the ramp this quarter. We ended at, I think, 17% BiCS5, and we expect to get crossover before we exit the year. But like any new node, you're in more of the mobile components market as the rest of the products get qualified, but that's all work underway. And our customers are definitely pulling us in that direction. They want BiCS5 on the SSD products and the engineers are hard at work at getting that work done. That will be an evolving story as we work through '22. 
David Goeckeler: I don't think we see it as a Chi effect. I mean, I was just talking to our sales team this morning, and I think the channel has now kind of normalized and back on seasonality after the Chi disruption. I think we just see this issue with people not able to get all the components they need to put together the full kit for what they want to ship, and that's causing some softness in the channel. So I think it's more related to that than it is anything Chi related, at least in my view. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. So I think as a general statement, we're seeing continued very strong demand from our data center customers, especially we've very big data center customers. They're giving us good signals about next year and what they plan to do. It's hard to pin that down to a certain quarter right now, but we continue to see very strong demand there. Like I said, we're starting to see the supply chain impact show up there as well. But I'm sure that will all get worked through as we go through the year. But we look into '22, and we have our customers telling us, it continues to be a strong demand environment. 
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean I think I'll speak in general about Kioxia. They're a tremendous JV partner. And we've spoken a lot about the JV and what the benefits of that are. And all the -- I think one of the highlights of the quarter is the continued production of the flash road map and BiCS5 and the cost situation that, that's driving. I mean I think it's always been a very big focus of the Western Digital and Kioxia team to very focus on capital efficiency and cost downs in the portfolio. Those -- the seeds for BiCS5 performance that we're seeing now were shown many years ago. That continues to be a great focus of the joint teams. And I think the fact that we have a joint road map with another supplier as big as Kioxia gives us a lot of investment in our road map. And then, of course, we produce together as well and have a lot of synergies there as well. So it's a great partnership. We -- it's been going for over 20 years now. It's going to go for -- we're signed up for at least another decade. And we always look at that as we continue to invest in fabs, and we're really happy with the partnership, and we're going to continue to get the best out of it. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think we're certainly having those discussions with them. I mean, I think every quarter, we discussed the current quarter and out many quarters -- several quarters in advance at least, I mean, we don't lock in per se on those numbers exactly, but we think about share of their particular businesses and what that's going to look like and what that means to demand for us. So yes, we're having those conversations, and we're factoring them into the mix of bits for next year and how we allocate across the portfolio. Of course, there's a nodal mix equation of that as well as it's kind of referred to in the previous question, when are different products available on different nodes out of the fab. So we're working through all that right now. 
David Goeckeler: Toshi Hari, so first of all, yes, we are really happy with the progress of the portfolio. I remember sitting here a year ago, and we were just trying to get over the hump on the first one, and now we're over 3 of them, and we continue to work at the OEMs, which the enterprise OEMs, which tend to be longer call cycles, and we're making good progress there as well. And you're right. We'll -- we got the calls done. We'll start to see some -- a little bit of deployment next quarter and then start to ramp it throughout '22. So I think it's an evolving story as we go throughout the year. From what is -- I think it's a very attractive TAM. I think with good margins, and that's why we're investing in the products. And I think as we mix more into that and have more supply into that, it's a tailwind for the overall portfolio. That's definitely a true statement. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. We think the PC TAM is good next year. I mean we're obviously coming off of a blockbuster year with COVID. I mean we see the pre-COVID baseline is around 265 million, 270 million units. That went up to 340 million this year expected around that number, and we see somewhere around 320 million to 335 million next year. So definitely been -- we're going to come off this year a little bit. But we're -- we see basically the baseline has been reset, pre-COVID by a significant amount. So we feel good about that. We're hearing that from our customers. We're talking to those customers now about 2022 plans and what they plan to do and how much supply they're going to need and share conversations with each of them and those conversations are going well. The smartphone market, again, we continue to see this past quarter and the quarter in, we're seeing really good strength in that market. So I think this is -- there's a larger point here about the flash market is that the number of end markets is just more diverse now, especially with enterprise SSD growing and getting to be such a big market that there's a much better mix of demand that we play across in the market. And so we see strength in PC. We see strength in smartphones. We see strength in data center. Like we said, the more transactional markets this past quarter is more nodal transitions going on. There was more bits available in those markets, and we definitely saw that. But again, we're heading into a seasonally strong quarter on retail. So as we go through the quarter, we'll get a very strong idea about how retail is going to play out as well as we go through the holiday season. 
David Goeckeler: That's the main geography we're watching, and it's mainly high capacity, and we think it will get worked through in the next quarter. But it's definitely in the channel and it's some of the big customers. So it's just something that's going to impact the amount of business that goes -- that flows through that part of the market, which is a pretty big market for all of us, but we don't see it more than a quarter, maybe a little bit more of impact. 
David Goeckeler: Yes, I don't think there's any doubt about that. I think when we talk to our sales teams and we talk to our customers, I mean it's -- I think just over the last month or so, the number of places where we're hearing, they are not able to meet their own true demand or they can't pull the demand from us if they're building their own infrastructure because the supply chain components has definitely broadened. And it's -- I think it started in some of the PC makers. I think that's where we heard the most about it, if you go back a couple of quarters. And now, like I said, we're hearing more about it in other segments, including the big data center providers. So it's definitely an impact of the business, and we just navigate through it. I mean, I think when you talk to our customers and we talk to our own sales teams and we look at what everybody is telling us, the end demand continues to be very, very strong. And everybody is just trying to figure out how to meet that and how to get enough components and get the right components to build the right kit, whether it's for something they're going to sell or it's building their own infrastructure to build what they need. And as Bob said, we see that ourselves. And our ability to get components and our ability to make sure our factories continue to run. And I will say I'll be a little bit selfish here and complement our own teams. But the Delta variant in Asia was a very big impact. And this quarter was probably one of the most difficult since COVID started. There were points where we had thousands of employees in quarantine and still kept everything going. So when you see what's happening on the ground and what the impact has been, it's not hard to understand how all the discussions around supply chain impacts. I think the good news is that we're working very, very hard, as Bob said, with governments to get vaccines distributed and get things back on track. And as we exit the quarter, and we sit here today, things were in a much, much better shape than they were a couple of months ago. So it makes us optimistic as we go through 2022 that this will get worked out and that will all be able to meet the true demand that's out there. 
David Goeckeler: I'll take a crack and then Bob can add some color as well. I mean it depends on how you look at it. I mean, certainly, our COVID costs are up significantly this quarter. I think nearly 50% or more, 60% on what they were last quarter. We had been steady state for probably 3, 4 quarters in a row, and now we've bumped up significantly. So a lot of that is cost going into managing our own infrastructure and work that's going on with our own teams. Of course, a lot of it is logistics as well. That's always a big component of it. So those costs are going up. Our own supply is mainly around controllers. I think it's fair to say. And as Bob said, we're planning a year out on lead times and working with our own suppliers on how we, number one, make sure we get everything we need to meet our demand, which has been challenging and then get it in a time frame that we need. But we're working through it. And like I said, I think that there's no doubt, if you go back a couple of quarters, we've been talking about this about how we were not able to meet all the demand that we saw out there. I think the thing that we see different walking into this quarter is there's -- we're seeing even a greater impact across all of our customer base, and it's spreading to places where we hadn't seen it before. And that's both raising the uncertainty and also just depressing the demand because customers can't get all the pieces they need, so they don't need everything from us. So we're starting to see some hints in some markets, starting to clear up a little bit, super early days. But again, if you look at what's going on in the ground in Asia, things are getting better, at least from our perspective, our narrow perspective, although we have 40,000, 50,000 people there. Things are getting better on the ground and that gives us optimism that the situation will improve from here as we go through '22. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. Let me start and then turn it over to Bob. I mean I think there are some headwinds. I mean one of them would be a little bit of mix because at least for a 1 quarter impact because we've got such a big customer pushing out some demand. And then you've got pricing going up on components. So you've got inflation in the supply chain is a bit of a headwind as well. All that said, we appreciate your comments. The team has worked extremely hard. We've rolled out a lot of innovation in the drive business and driven the gross margins. 30.9% this quarter, we thought was a great result. And on top of that, we had couple of points of COVID headwind on top of it. So it all starts with making sure we deliver a great product to our customers. It starts with innovation. You guys have heard me say this many, many times, and I think the innovation engine is alive and well. Another big step forward this quarter with OptiNAND. And I think as the team continues to drive innovation and we drive great products to our customers, we'll have the opportunity to continue to have a better conversation with our customers around profitability. All that said, there are some headwinds, I would say, in the near term. 
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean, first of all, we're in a very unique time and we're still. I think as we talked about the supply chain disruptions that have been brought by COVID and especially the Delta variant that really pushed through Asia over the last quarter or more have been very, very significant and very severe. And to the people that were managing the situation on the ground there, they did a tremendous job, they had an enormous amount of work just to keep everything running. So I think that just leads to a very unique environment, Jim, that we're navigating through. Like I said, when we look at demand and we look at what our customers are telling us about demand in the market, we hear very good things. We -- they're very positive and very bullish. We just have -- you just have different customers in different states of their own ability to build what they need to build or want to build and that's constantly shifting. And when you add it all up in any particular quarter, you're going to get a result and that's what we got, and that's what we'll manage to. But we think that as the supply chain issues get worked out, the demand trends in the business are very, very strong, and we're on the right side of where the world is going from a technology point of view. Now I thought it was significant this quarter to 44%, record percent of our quarter was in the cloud. And hopefully, you guys react positively to our simpler decomposition of our revenue across cloud, client and consumer, but we expect to see more growth in cloud, 72% year-over-year growth in that part of the business, and we continue to have the portfolio pivoting in that direction and expect it to be -- expect to participate in that growth as it goes forward. 
David Goeckeler: Well, again, I think it goes back to -- if you're talking to a very large cloud provider that's trying to build out their infrastructure, I think they're going to catch up on building it out to what their demand is. If they can't do it this quarter, they'll get the components in the next quarter. So again, we see very good demand environment. And I think that as our customers are able to get all the components they need, they will continue to come back to us and adjust their demand to us. That's what we see. We have very close relationships with them. And so I don't expect that the demand from our customers' point of view is not like kind of a 1-quarter thing. It's like -- it's just -- it's a demand curve that goes on, and I don't see it as being perishable demand. I see it as everybody is trying to figure out how they can get as many components as they can to build complete kits for what they need to do. And as they do that, they come back to us and change their demand signal. And we've seen that. Maybe a good example is on some of the PC manufacturers, where 1 quarter, they'll drop their demand significantly. In the next quarter, they'll come back and raise it significantly when they've got their own supply chain issues worked out. So as I said, we've seen this in other parts of the market, and we've dealt with it, and we know how to deal with it. Now we're just seeing it across -- the broader cross-section of our business. And quite frankly, some really big customers across that are in that mix now. And we'll -- we've been working through this now for the last several quarters, and we'll work through it this quarter. 
David Goeckeler: I think you hit on the answer in your first part of your question set up, which is these are broad and long relationships with our customers, and they don't go up and down quite so fast. So we certainly have conversations with our customers when our costs increase, but it's not as simple as just passing it along. It's got to persist for a while before we would have that conversation. And quite frankly, we participate in a market. It's -- and so it's more about the market price. I think the overwhelming issue with pricing is around innovation, and making sure we continue to drive innovation across our portfolio. And as I look back on last quarter, the 2 things that -- 2 really big things that stand out to me from last quarter is, one, is just the execution of the team in a really, really difficult environment, especially the -- as I've talked a lot about the factories in Asia; and two is the innovation road map and the fact we're transitioning aggressively to BiCS5. We introduced OptiNAND. Those are the things. We introduced a 20-terabyte drive and are going to be shipping that in volume now here in the next month. That's with our energy assist technology 9-platter, 9 disk drive, 2.2 terabytes per platter. So that's the primary issue where it's going to drive an innovation-led discussion with our customers about pricing. In the cost side of it, of course, as if they're going to be very long term, we're going to have those conversations. But I would say they're long and substantial relationships, and we manage through the quarter-to-quarter stuff with them really in both directions. But really, the focus is on that -- on driving innovation. If you drive innovation, you're going to get a better return for it. And quite frankly, I think we've seen that over the last 3 or 4 quarters as we brought energy assist in our 18-terabyte drive, the 30.9% gross margin this quarter in HDD is a multiyear high. So we feel very good about that. 
David Goeckeler: All right, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We really appreciate it. It's always good to talk to everyone. Thank you for all your questions, and we look forward to talking to all of you throughout the quarter. Take care. 
Robert Eulau: Yes, it's difficult to quantify, right, because there's impact in terms of our own execution, which, I think, we worked our way through pretty well during the quarter. And then we have customers who have supply chain challenges as well where they're trying to get match sets and build out their environments. And then, of course, we have supplier challenges as well, where we're working like everybody else, pretty hard to get components in. So it's difficult to give you a definitive answer in terms of what the impact was in the quarter, we just closed or even obviously, in the next quarter. But it's certainly somewhere in the couple of hundred million dollar range and potentially a little worse in the December quarter. 
Robert Eulau: Yes, I can start, and then Dave can fill in. Yes, I mean, the blended ASP, as we started the quarter, we indicated we expected it to be down. And it was based on the mix we were anticipating. The mix came in essentially the way we had expected. And it was -- I don't want to get into every little detail of the mix. But one of the things we said at the beginning of the quarter was we expected more mobile volume in the September quarter, and that is what we saw. We actually think we'll see even more mobile as a percentage of the total in the December quarter. So mix is definitely a bit of a headwind for us. But really, ASPs are not going down that much. And we're really pleased with the cost reductions we've been able to achieve both in the quarter we just finished as well as what we're expecting to do this quarter. 
Robert Eulau: Yes, C.J., you're right. It's difficult to say exactly what's going to happen over the next few quarters. But -- and as you know, we only give guidance 1 quarter at a time. Now having said that, we're pretty optimistic on 2022. Again, we think a lot of the challenges in the quarter we closed, in the quarter we're in now are really supply chain related. We think the underlying demand situation is very positive. We really believe, as I said in our cost reduction plans, and we think we'll be able to deliver solid margins. So I don't want to get into giving guidance for next year, but we're definitely optimistic. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I don't think I have anything to add. I mean we believe in the cloud demand. I think it's strong, and there just is a lot of supply chain dislocation right now. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean we do have good visibility, and you saw our bit growth came back up again this quarter. We expect it to be a bit higher year-over-year next quarter. Our long-term goal continues to be to grow at the rate the market is growing, and we won't get that perfectly every quarter, but that's our objective. And we think that, again, with Kioxia, we've got the right plans in place for next year. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I don't think we put a specific number out there yet. Some of the industry analysts suggesting industry demand growth in the low 30% range. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean, again, it's hard to quantify exactly what the supply chain impacts were, and we're actually not giving guidance by segment, but we definitely believe the hard drive business is a growth business and it will continue to grow over the next few quarters. We think 2022 will be a strong year. And yes, this is a bit of an aberration in the December quarter, but it's -- the business is really solid. The underlying demand is very good. And you're right. I mean we already commented that there are some supply chain issues that are impacting us right now. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean this is -- I'm trying to think how to answer this question differently. I mean we're actually not giving guidance by segment. However, we did say we expect revenue to be down a bit on the hard drive side. We expect it to be up sequentially on the flash side. There are supply chain challenges in -- with some cloud customers. There are supply chain challenges with some PC OEMs. We also mentioned that there seems to be a fair amount of inventory in China right now. So there's -- there definitely are some short-term challenges with respect to the hard drive business. But again, long term, the underlying growth is really good there. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. I think what I said earlier is we're actually expecting December to be a little more challenging than what we saw in September and the September quarter was not easy. And starting with our own teams, I think we did a really good job given what was going on with COVID in Southeast Asia. We did mention our COVID costs were up to $56 million this quarter. And we've done a really excellent job in terms of working with local governments to try and get as many employees vaccinated as possible and to really do the best we can to assure supply in terms of our own factories. Now as we mentioned, like everyone else, we have challenges in terms of getting components as well, particularly, obviously, the controllers on both the hard drive and the flash side, and that has an impact on the business. I don't know quarter-to-quarter, which quarter is worse, but it's a challenge in both of them. And it's a challenge that's not going to go away soon in terms of the semiconductor availability. I mean we're getting some lead times of 50 weeks right now. So it's definitely a very real issue in terms of getting components in. And then we've already talked a fair amount about the customer challenges. And I would say it feels to me and Dave can comment like there are more customers impacted by the supply chain in the December quarter than there were in the September quarter. It seems a little more broad-based. 
Robert Eulau: Yes, there are definitely headwinds. But like you said, the team has done a great job in terms of the product portfolio, and we think the gross margins will be down a little. We are going to have probably COVID costs in the same ballpark as we have this quarter. So that's a couple of points. But I think we've got a really good chance of having gross margins above 30%, again, on the hard drive business. 
Robert Eulau: Yes. And the most seasonal business is the consumer business, and we are expecting to have a sequential increase in the consumer business. So I think that's probably where it might be perishable demand. But we think that will be pretty solid this quarter. 
