David Goeckeler: Thanks, Peter, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. To start, our second quarter results were at or above the upper end of guidance ranges we provided in October. We reported revenue of $3.9 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.69. These results reflect continued growth in retail in what was a seasonally strong quarter. In addition, stronger demand for our client SSD products as well as our notebook and desktop hard drives contributed to upside in revenue. We continue to work hard delivering for our shareholders, customers, partners, and communities. We adapted to changes in our business and continue to manage the ongoing challenges presented by the pandemic. Our results reflect the benefits of having such a diverse and deep product portfolio, fantastic franchises, a vast customer base, and now an optimized organizational structure. As a result, we have a solid foundation to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities in front of us. I'm excited about the progress we've made over the last few months in the recently established Flash and HDD business units. Both franchises are led by exceptional leaders who are highly focused on executing their respective strategies by establishing their teams, evaluating technology and product development, engaging with customers, and analyzing and effectively capturing target end markets. As we've highlighted in previous earnings calls, we are committed to delivering on our product roadmap, including advancing our product transitions. Notably, we are making great headway with the product transitions of our energy-assisted hard drives and enterprise SSDs. As you all know, these transitions are multi-quarter journeys, but I'm pleased with our progress, which I'll detail shortly.
David Goeckeler: Thanks, Bob. As we discussed, Western Digital has worked hard to position ourselves to address this unabated growth in data and therefore, storage technology. And thanks to these efforts, the market has aligned favorably for us. We're running two industry-leading technology franchises in end markets that will only continue to grow as the digital transformation further accelerates. We know that our HDD business is less encumbered by workload mix shifts today and that our flash business is becoming more and more driven by applications. We also have made the right investments and our joint ventures with Kioxia are a strategic differentiating asset. It is an extremely exciting time for our company as we are focused on capitalizing on the tremendous opportunities in front of us. Accordingly, we will continue building momentum behind our business unit strategies, company positioning, strong brand and industry leading fully portfolio. I'll now turn the call over to the operator to begin Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I would say -- thanks, Aaron. So, I would say the mix last quarter was still 14, 16 for the most part. Of course, there are some 18s mixed in there. But as we said, one of big calls that we were working on kind of finished right in the first week of the following quarter. So, we expect that now to start ramping. I think, as I said in the remarks, I think cloud digestion is abating. So, there -- I think the different big players come out of it at different rates. And the first ones are already starting to come out and we expect other ones to pick up as we go through the year. So, the big thing for us is we expect 18 to -- as we get into the middle part of the year, that's where the transition will happen at being the leading capacity point for us. And as that happens, that's good for our business. So, that's basically how we see it.
David Goeckeler: Okay. Let me see if I can decompose that a little bit. So yes, we expect a pickup in – as we move throughout the year. I think your call on the gross margin – we see the revenue coming back as we move into next quarter and then getting better throughout the year. We kind of guide one quarter at a time. I don't have the year-over-year number on the top of my head. But you're right on margin. We kind of expect one more quarter of maybe flat to slightly down margin on the drive side, and then we'll start to see that accelerate, especially as we move through into higher percentage of AT&Ts.
David Goeckeler: No. I think you hit on the issues there. I mean, first of all, COVID hit last quarter was about 1.7% of a headwind in that business. In mix, we talked about retail being multi-year high. But we believe as we get – we go into 18, we have a path back to the kind of margin profile you're talking about. We just need to get the mix better. I mean COVID's a bit of a wildcard. How fast the – it's really the freight costs, how fast we can get freight costs to come down. It's been obviously pretty sticky about where it's been for the last couple of quarters. And then as I said, as we move into 18 and we see the cloud digest – fully come out of cloud digestion, I think, you'll see a path back to the more traditional margin structure.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Gaming is still -- I think it's not as significant as it was last quarter, given last quarter, there was a lot of buy in anticipation of the initial builds. So, I would say it's down a little bit sequentially, but it's still a great market for us because we can play the console side of it and the retail with WD Black, which has been very, very well-received in the retail channels. It is part of the reason, the retail business is doing well, and the margins are good as we're investing in brand in addition to just the product. So sequentially down a little bit, but still expected to be a good market as we move throughout the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think what I talked about last quarter was actually a qualification at the OEMs and that's a multi-quarter activity. The pricing is negotiated on a quarterly basis, and there's a long-term agreement of, let's say, on a year timeframe of what the target share is, but that can move around a little bit. But that gives you a sense about how the market works.
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean -- so the qualification was all about our second-generation NVMe enterprise SSD product, which is quite a mouthful. But that qualification -- I think last quarter, I said we were scheduled to start a qualification this quarter. I said in October, we were scheduled to start qualification in our fiscal second quarter, which did start and is underway. And that is a multi-quarter process. And assuming it's successful, put us in a stronger position to ship that product into the OEM -- into the big OEM. So it's underway. As I said in the prepared remarks, and I think I've been talking about now for a couple of quarters. The qualification in my book is the last phase of the development process. It can move around a little bit. But the fact that it's underway is a good sign for -- we're working to expand the TAM of that product.
David Goeckeler: So I'll take -- I'll give you a perspective, and share Bob's perspective as well. So we've been talking about retail for several quarters now. It's been good. The team has been doing a great job launching new products. I talked about WD Black in the gaming segment, ArmorLock, security and enterprise SSD, so lot of really good work there. And so that continue -- we expect that there's momentum there, let me put it that way. PC, notebook demand, we still see as being strong. And we talked about what I think was a significant milestone for us this past quarter was finishing the qualification of our second-generation NVMe enterprise SSD product at one of the cloud titans. And that finished right at the end of the quarter and we started shipping. So that is -- that's accretive as well.
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean, say a little more. I mean, we're still -- I mean, we still have a – I would say, we're focused on a balanced portfolio. I mean, we're clearly working on improving our position on enterprise SSD. That's been a big goal for the company for -- even before I got here. And our second-generation product is things are going well. I think 150 qualifications now, including one of the big cloud players, which is a good breakthrough. We're still – client SSD is obviously a strength for the company and has been for a while. We talked about gaming last quarter. And then mobile, we still have a healthy mix into mobile. I think we're under-indexed to the market, but we're still in that market because it's very, very important to be in that market. So I expect a balanced mix across that. And then mix in some IoT and automotive and you get most of the portfolio.
David Goeckeler: I guess what we would say about investment in the industry is we're pretty much where we've been, which we think the industry has been pretty good about this. I mean, there's a lot of variability on investment on supplier by supplier, capital cycles vary, even no transitions within each supplier vary about how much capital require – how much capital is required. In our case, BiCS5 is a very capital-efficient node. BiCS6 will require a little more capital. We'll talk about that when we get there. So we still see a pretty good balance. We see strong demand drivers. We see I think we see bit growth this year, probably low 30s, low to mid-30s, and we see demand above that. So I think nothing we're seeing in the environment surprises us tremendously.
David Goeckeler: So, I guess, what I would say is, first of all, it's been an extraordinary 10 months and especially to join the company at the beginning of a global pandemic that I don't -- that hasn't happened in our lifetimes, at least not mine. And so, I think, it's been -- it's just been extremely impressive to see how the company has responded to that. And the evolution of that in the early days, a lot of issues on the supply side that have just been completely worked out and things are running extremely well. I think we've made a lot of progress on the -- just what you said, really understanding where the synergies of this portfolio are, which are on the go-to-market side, the fact that we bring a broader solution to our customers. And I think we understand our customers' requirements well, given that we can play in both the drive market and the flash market, but that they're very different products. And driving the road maps up, I mean, the technology is extremely important and to separate those in the BU. And I think we -- we're -- it's still pretty early, but the impact of having two very accomplished leaders join an already strong team, it just has an immediate impact on clarifying the road map, understanding where we're investing our R&D dollars, engaging with customers in a way that can drive the portfolio. So I think we've made really good progress there, but I think it will continue to get better as we go when these leaders get -- and the groups get more established. And then the other thing I'll say, which is not really something that I expect to get better. I think it's something that I just always want to reinforce is, the value of the partnership with Kioxia. And I've spent -- given I can't travel, we still spend a lot of time with the leadership there. Obviously, our teams work together on a day-by-day basis. I'm not saying – I’m not pointing this out because it works extraordinarily well, and it's just a tremendous strength of the company, and it's been really great for me to be a part of it over the last 10 months.
David Goeckeler: Yes, there's no doubt things are tight, and we're not immune from that. I mean, clearly, we have our financial plan covered with components. But when you do go looking for things from the semiconductor supply chain, it is tight right now. So we'll see how it plays out during the quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, it's obviously a very dynamic environment with the pandemic and seeing resurgence in certain parts of the world and more lockdowns in parts of the world. So it's hard to call it more than one quarter a time. We guide one quarter at a time, but I think I understand your question a little bit broader. I guess what I would say is in retail, we've really just dialed in like how to deal with this environment we're in and the dynamic nature of it. And I think that the new products that we've been launching have been well received. Again, I mean the WD Black gaming product, we're doing co-branding with other folks. We introduced a product around security and storage that I think is going to be good for us. So a lot of investment in the brands, which are strong, make sure we keep share of voice high. And it has been an area where we've been able to get some momentum and keep some momentum, I think, going a couple of quarters back. So but it is, to your point, it's very dynamic given the COVID situation and the lockdown. So we'll see above seasonality performance. Q1 is a seasonally weak quarter for retail, but we're planning to do a little bit better than that.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think we've been signaling that about 2021 for a couple of quarters now. Again, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We do have more exposure to the transactional markets, which helps when things start going in a positive direction, but it's got to flow through to the negotiated market still, and we'll see how that plays out over the next couple of quarters. The other thing I'll highlight on this is really important, and Bob touched on earlier, is just make sure we maintain our cost position. And as I've highlighted a couple of times in the prepared remarks and what I said earlier, with our partner, Kioxia, we're the largest provider of NAND flash memory in the industry. We jointly develop our technology road map. So we're heavily invested in that. We believe we've got tremendous technology that allows us to deliver the power performance bits we need. You see our technology is lower layer count than others. That means it's more efficient process. So we feel good about that; that sets us up to continue to drive the 15% year-over-year cost declines. So we got to make sure we keep our eye on that side of the equation as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Jim, I think that -- so first of all, I think we see benefits of -- any time you add to leaders to your business that are run multi $10 billion portfolios in the technology space, you're going to get an immediate benefit from that. You just have two more very, very senior business leaders that are looking at the portfolio every day, that are engaging with customers every day, reviewing engineering products every day and providing a level of perspective that is highly developed and their main job is to integrate all the different pieces together into a business. So you're going to see an immediate benefit of that, and we have. But then they're going to start working on, okay, I'm going to start looking at the roadmap of our products and make sure I've got the right fit. I'm investing in the right places. To me, your technology roadmap is kind of like an articulation of the future value of your company. What markets are you going to be in? Where are you going to invest? And the timeline for those payouts are different -- there's different time horizons to that. So if you come into a technology franchise and you own it and you're in the middle of a big engagement with a customer, for example, you now have another person that can get involved in that process and understands immediately how to engage in that in a very senior way, how to communicate information, how to guide their teams and so I think you'll see an immediate benefit. There's other parts of it where we're making decisions on what products are going to come to market in 2 years from now or 3 years from now. And so their job is to really integrate over all of those time horizons and get the best results, given the investment we put in the business. So we've seen benefits already. But there will be more to come. And I think you will see crisper execution, and you'll see that the portfolio is optimized to give us the best return for the investment we're making.
David Goeckeler: So I think your first part of the question was about what are we seeing when you say enterprise on-prem market. So...
David Goeckeler: Yes, nearline. I would say it's -- I think the term I used in the prepared remarks was stabilization of the enterprise of the OEM market. And I think that's kind of how we're seeing it. It's on or above forecast of what our customers are telling us. So it looks better. I wouldn't -- it's certainly not pre COVID yet. And it's easier to judge going forward, but not back to where it was. And that's not surprising given the environment we're in. As far as the cloud, we talked about different cloud providers come out of digesting at different rates throughout the year. And then as far as exabyte growth, we see that 32%, 35% in that range, exabyte growth. I think that's been the long-term growth of the industry. We see that going forward. Again, I think coming out of the pandemic, we'll see does that line tilt up or not, given the dependence on technology in the cloud that we all see, but we have yet see that. So we see good growth in the capacity enterprise business as we move through the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, I think, that's potentially a very deep conversation. So how are we positioned? I think we're positioned actually quite well, because we can play in -- if it's a lot of the heavy lifting of big time storage is HDDs and will be for a long time. But obviously, enterprise SSD is going to be a big growing market there as well. And that's why we're so focused on our NVMe enterprise SSD. As far as how the architecture of the cloud plays out, I mean, clearly, as we have more devices that are enabled at the edge, I think you're going to see more points of compute and storage that get closer to that. I agree with you, this could be -- it could be getting closer. It's been talked about for a while. But I think this is something that's so exciting about our business. I mean, the whole world is more technology-enabled. I think the pandemic accelerated that. I think the architectures to support that are going to continue to evolve. And I think we have the portfolio that's well positioned, no matter how that plays out. We can play on the edge, all the way to the device. And clearly, we play at the foundation of the cloud as well. So, it's a fun place to be.
David Goeckeler: All right, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. We appreciate it. We will see you during the quarter. Take care.
Bob Eulau: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave mentioned, overall results for the fiscal second quarter were at/or above the upper end of the guidance ranges we provided in October. Revenue was $3.9 billion, up slightly sequentially, and down 7% year-over-year. Growth in Client Devices and Client Solutions was mostly offset by a decline in our Data Center Devices & Solutions end market. Looking at our end markets. Client Devices revenue was $2.1 billion, up 10% sequentially and 19% year-over-year. Work, school and game from home trends continue to drive demand for both our flash and hard drive solutions for notebook and desktop applications. In notebook and desktop, our flash and hard drive revenue each grew over 20% sequentially, highlighting the power and value of our portfolio for our leading OEM customers. Demand for our smart video hard drive was much stronger than expected, growing 30% sequentially as demand continued to recover from the bottom set in fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 during the height of the COVID-related lockdowns. And lastly, Mobile revenue was down sequentially, with growth in recently introduced 5G phones offset by dynamics within China. Moving on to Data Center Devices & Solutions, revenue was $807 million, down 29% sequentially and 46% from 1 year ago. Revenue from both capacity enterprise hard drives and enterprise SSDs were down sequentially. As Dave mentioned, we had an unexpected delay in a qualification at a cloud titan. As a result, during the quarter, our capacity enterprise drive shipments were negatively impacted and inventory grew. We have since completed this qualification. And as Dave noted, given that a separate cloud titan qualification was completed ahead of schedule, we now have 3 of the 4 cloud titan qualified on our new energy-assisted drives. In addition, we are beginning to ramp our second-generation enterprise SSD products through calendar year 2021. Next, Client Solutions revenue was above expectations at $1 billion, up 19% sequentially and 6% from a year ago. The work, school and gaming from home trend benefited both hard drive and flash-based products, again, highlighting the powerful go-to-market synergies of this channel. Turning to revenue by technology. Flash revenue was $2 billion, down 2% sequentially and up 11% year-over-year. Flash ASPs were down 9% sequentially on a blended basis and down 6% on a like-for-like basis. Bit shipments were up 7% sequentially. Hard drive revenue was $1.9 billion, up 4% sequentially and down 20% year-over-year.
Bob Eulau: Well, I mean, we don't split it out specifically, but you can see that on the Data Center Devices & Solutions, we were down quite a bit and that was driven both by the capacity enterprise as well as enterprise SSD.
Bob Eulau: Yes, I can update you on K1. So, I think I had originally guided to around $50 million in K1 startup costs this quarter and we actually came in around $40 million. And this quarter, the quarter we're now in, will be at normal production volume. So, we're not going to continue reporting start-up costs because we're really not in start-up mode anymore.
Bob Eulau: The flash inventory is pretty consistent with the last couple of quarters. We're not -- we haven't really built inventory on the Flash side. We really, as we mentioned in our remarks, really build some inventory in anticipation of the new drive – the new capacity enterprise drives shipping, and that's going to start higher and higher volumes as we go forward.
Bob Eulau: Yes. I don't have a lot to add. I mean I think it's -- retail continues to be strong in this work from home environment and the enterprise SSD business will just keep picking up.
Bob Eulau: I don't want to get too much into the specifics. So, one of the things we did mention was smart video was up quite a bit sequentially and that's in the non-compute area. But we're just on the hard drive side, on client and notebook, we did really well.
Bob Eulau: Yes. So, Harlan, I mean, you talked about a number of the moving parts. And we're definitely, as I said earlier, expecting gross margins to improve on the flash side. We saw in the last quarter, I'd say, very -- good pricing trends in the transactional markets. The OEM markets, we negotiate one quarter a time. So it's – and we did that, obviously, in the middle of last quarter. So it's a little hard to say how much we'll see there. And then we're continuing to do a good job on the other part of the equation, which is cost reduction. We still think we're very confident in our 15% year-over-year cost decline. So I think it's just a question of how pricing plays out as we move forward. But I think we're in a very good place.
Bob Eulau: Yes. I guess, I can start with that. And again, as we all know, a lot of this depends on the supply and demand and what's going on with the industry. We've been encouraged, as we said about the pricing in the transactional markets over the last few months. As we move forward, we're pretty confident on the demand side for the year. I mean, there's just obviously a big demand on the mobile side. We think we're going to see very good demand on the enterprise SSDs. We've already had a strong position on client SSDs. So we feel pretty confident on the demand side. And we think the supply side appears to be pretty rational. And I think if that's the case, we should see margins improve from here. But I don't want to put a particular milestone or a particular goal out there, but I think it's going to be a pretty good market in 2021.
Bob Eulau: Yes. It was actually Huawei, which we talked about last quarter. And so, we're not shipping to Huawei either, on the flash side or on the hard drive side.
Bob Eulau: Yes. No, it's a good question. And first of all, what I would say is in terms of gross CapEx, which we define as the -- our portion of the investments that are made in the flash joint ventures, as well as investments we make on our own balance sheet for the back end of the Flash business as well as the Hard Drive business. We expect gross CapEx of around $3 billion this year, and that's been -- what I've said the last couple of quarters. What's a little different this year relative to last year is that we are investing more on the hard drive side. As we look out over the next few years, I mean the first priority is always going to be reinvest in the business. And so, we'll see how the growth goes over the next few years and make sure that we're investing to support the growth in the market. But I think probably where we’re at right now is about what I would think about for the future.
