Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Steve. Expected seasonal demand and consistent execution helped us exceed financial expectations in the December quarter. Industry shipments were in line with the TAM implied in our guidance provided in October. In our business, we saw a continued strength in capacity enterprise, the anticipated seasonal increase in branded products as well as continued steady demand in performance enterprise. Aggregated channel inventories of Western Digital products remain within our 4- to 6-week range. Our revenue for the December quarter was $3.9 billion. This included $187 million in revenue related to our Flash Platform Solutions group. We shipped a total of 61 million hard drives at an average selling price of $60. The quarter-over-quarter increase in overall LSP was driven by strength in capacity enterprise, surveillance, along with the seasonal improvement in client and branded products. Our gross margin was 29.1%. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 30.5%, which is better than our implied guidance due to business mix. This excludes $55 million of amortization of intangibles and other non-recurring charges. Operating expenses totaled $644 million. Our non-GAAP operating expenses were $620 million, excluding amortization of intangibles, restructuring charges and the flood insurance recovery. Expenses were higher than our implied guidance due to incentive compensation and stock appreciation rights. Tax expense for the December quarter was $20 million or 4% of pretax income. The tax rate reflects the retroactive extension of the U.S. Federal R&D tax credit that was signed into law during the December quarter. Our net income totaled $460 million or $1.93 per share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $539 million or $2.26 per share. This includes the $0.07 per share tax benefit from the R&D tax credit. Turning to the balance sheet. In the December quarter, we generated $243 million in cash from operations and a free cash flow -- and our free cash flow totaled $97 million. As a reminder, we paid a total of $773 million related to an arbitration award in the December quarter. Our CapEx totaled $146 million or 4% of revenue. We repurchased 3.2 million shares for $309 million. We also declared a dividend in the amount of $0.40 per share. We closed Q2 with total cash and cash equivalents of $4.9 billion, of which approximately $1.4 billion was held in the U.S. I will now provide guidance for the March quarter. We expect revenue to be in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion; gross margin percentage roughly flat with our Q2 performance, excluding the amortization of intangibles; R&D and SG&A spending of approximately $610 million, excluding the amortization of intangibles; the tax rate of approximately 7.5%; and the share count of approximately 237 million. Accordingly, we estimate non-GAAP earnings per share of between $1.90 and $2.00 for the March quarter. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions. 
Olivier Leonetti: So let me take this question. So we are always evaluating the way we deploy our capital, and we believe that the current allocation is probably a good balance between short-term management and long-term investments, prudent long-term investments in the business. And at this stage, we have no particular plan to change the current capital allocation but again, under evaluation all the time. To answer to your question, specifically, about U.S. cash and how that is a constraint, we have a fair amount of liquidity in U.S. through our cash balances, $1.4 billion at this stage; but also a debt capacity, which is quite high as well. Our leverage ratio is in the range of 4.7x, and as you know. So we can sustain our current allocation for at least 4 years or more. 
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. We had a very large order Q2 last year. If you look at the sequential, it's pretty strong. And we, as we have indicated that we'll expect to grow faster than the market, and the market is expected to grow at about 40%, and we're staying behind that trajectory. 
Olivier Leonetti: I mean, we could. Obviously, as Steve indicated, we saw a big increase year-on-year in exabyte in the capacity enterprise. If I look at the rest of the business, performance enterprise growing low single digits and the rest would be pretty much stable year-on-year. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes, so if you look at -- and this is Steve. If you look at our fiscal Q2, so the quarter we just finished, and that's consistent with my commentary, we saw nothing unusual from a pricing perspective versus our expectations. And we see nothing unusual this quarter from a pricing perspective. So what I would say is that pricing behavior and price levels are just simply consistent with our expectations. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes. So let me review where we're at. We did announce recently that there were a couple of compliance issues that we had that were resolved with MOFCOM. We were pleased to get those issues behind us. We also indicated that given the resolution of those issues, MOFCOM is now fully focused on reviewing our application. Those issues needed to get resolved before MOFCOM begin the formal evaluation of our application. They have hold separate lifted. That is in process and ongoing. And as I've indicated before, our relationship and dialogue with MOFCOM is consistent and constructive. But at this point, I can't provide any update as to the timing as to when MOFCOM will provide any sort of ruling. But we're working with them in a constructive fashion and we'll continue to do so. 
Stephen Milligan: Sure. So yes, we, this past quarter, saw good demand for our products, for capacity enterprise products, particularly from hyperscale customers. We expect that to continue. In the last call, I talked about having good visibility to the middle part of calendar 2015. That statement remains valid. Really, what we're seeing is we're seeing meaningful growth in terms of petabyte deployments on behalf of our customers. We expect that to continue through the balance of calendar 2015. How that translates to a unit performance perspective is a little bit unknown at this point. It will vary depending upon the capacity point that is shipped as the industry transitions initially from a 4-terabyte drive to a 6-terabyte drive; and then eventually, at least for us, to an 8-terabyte deployment. But we are confident that we're going to continue to see strong petabyte growth for our business and for the industry in the capacity enterprise space. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, I mean, there's a little bit of a qualification. It's a kind of a yes and no answer, Rich. Supply is tight. We're comfortable with where we're at, but it's tight. And so we're watching that closely. And so these things -- they use a lot of heads and discs, a lot of test time. And so we've got to be watching that closely. But right now, relative to our expectations, we're comfortable with where we're at. But if we see more variability from an upside perspective, which is obviously possible, we could have -- we could run into some supply challenges. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes. So to reiterate when I talk about in terms of my comments, and I know that there were some analysts had different numbers out there, but the TAM for the December quarter pretty much turned out the way that we expected. So a TAM -- and we'll see what numbers Toshiba publishes, but a TAM in the 141 million unit range was very consistent with the expectations that we had going into the quarter. I would say that if you want to call it a surprise, the mix might have been a little bit better than what we thought and therefore, you see a bit higher revenue for us and resulting margin benefit associated with that. If we look at where we think the TAM will shake out in March, I think, something in that mid-130 million range is kind of a reasonable assumption. 
Stephen Milligan: We didn't see anything unusual in that regard. If we look at what happened in terms of our enterprise shipments, and I'm sort of using rough numbers here, I think our units increased on a quarter-on-quarter basis, about 300,000 units. And a bit of that was capacity enterprise, a bit of that was performance enterprise. If you recall, one of the things that we were focused on from a performance enterprise perspective was to continue to broaden our product portfolio so that we had full coverage from a market perspective. We began shipping our 15K small form factor drive, which allowed us to pick up some incremental business in the performance enterprise space. And with our strong portfolio and position in the capacity enterprise business, we were able to increase our business a bit there. We believe, although we'll have to see how the final numbers shake out, that we maybe gained a little bit of share in that space. And so we're, obviously, pleased with that from a customer, call it, satisfaction perspective. But we did not see anything from a competitive dynamic perspective in that space that was unusual or shall we say, alarming from our perspective. 
Stephen Milligan: So one thing just to add to that is that we -- the key thing is, is that we're focused on longer-term value creation and making sure that we have a capital structure that enables us to do that. And obviously, the dynamics that influence that, our needs for cash, uses of cash, all of that, but it's centered fundamentally on what do we need to do as a business to make sure that we are creating a long-term value for ourselves and our shareholders going forward. 
Stephen Milligan: As an overall statement, Keith, we have been seeing, I would call it, low -- more or less, low single-digit price declines like-for-like. And really, that's been holding more or less, I'll call it, constant or consistent on a relative basis over the last few quarters. And so frankly, we just did not see anything -- now, let me qualify, there's always pockets -- this is a competitive business. There's always pockets where pricing in this segment might be doing something a little bit unusual in here and there. But we did not see anything unusual from a pricing perspective, either last quarter or we're not seeing anything unusual in terms of the March quarter period. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, near line is a little bit different in the sense that -- but this again is not a change. I mean, the first thing is, is that there's a fair amount of margin on those products. We're also introducing higher capacity points in those products, 6-terabyte, I mean, preceded by a 4-terabyte. You're going to see declines for those capacity points that exceed the overall average but that's not anything unusual. And when it gets introduced, it may be in limited supply as it begins to -- as the supply begins to increase and you see greater customer acceptance of that. And as we come down the cost curve, the price declines tend to be steeper. But that, that is nothing at all unusual. 
Stephen Milligan: Sure. We would expect, at present, and of course, our expectations can change, that the March quarter will be the low point for the year. So at this point, for the June quarter, we think that we could see either a flat to maybe slightly up TAM in the June quarter. We'll, obviously, update our expectations for that as we move through the quarter. And then, obviously, as we move through the back half of the calendar year, where we get help from a seasonality perspective, we would expect to see the TAM increase from there. 
Stephen Milligan: We have consistently indicated that we expect that PC sales will -- well, let me backup. What's been happening is, is that we've been seeing low single-digit decline on a year-on-year basis in the PC space. That's been consistent with our expectations. And we would expect that going forward that we'll continue to see that. As that relates to hard drive shipments into the PC segment, we also have to contemplate the fact that more and more client units are using solid-state devices versus rotating magnetic storage. And so our -- we will see more of a drag than that low single digit in terms of hard drives shipped into the PC market. And so that's very consistent with what we've been saying for the last several quarters and very consistent with our expectations. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes, so relative to Helium, let me kind of broaden that a little bit. Clearly, part of the reason that we saw uptick in terms of our ASPs and also our margins was due to the strength in our capacity enterprise business, of which Helium is a part of that. Helium, as an individual category, particularly as it relates to the 6-terabyte drive, probably did not have a material impact. We believe that as we transition to the 8-terabyte platform with the Helium product, we'll begin to see a bit of a larger impact. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes. Well, is it in the consumer electronics numbers? So our CE line on our data sheet is where the surveillance drives are contained, Sherri. And it's a market that we expect will grow in low single digit kind of growth rates. And so it's an expanding area. I mean, obviously, we've seen some of the news and the impact of that. And so it's a good market for us, and it also carries a gross margin profile that is above the overall corporate average. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes, Katy, that's something that we keep a close eye on. We're seeing, as I indicated, strong growth from a petabyte perspective. When we talk to our customers and they talk about what's happening from what they're seeing, they expect that petabyte growth to continue. But at times, they can be a little bit unpredictable in terms of their order flow, and we saw that last year. So we feel pretty comfortable with where we're at right now. But it's something that we monitor pretty closely. But we're confident that overall data growth will continue to be very strong, it's just a matter of how the storage gets deployed against that where sometimes the lumpiness can potentially come in. 
Stephen Milligan: We are not expecting there to be any abnormal increase, I guess, I'd say in terms of our operating expense as it relates to product deployments. I mean, we're continuing to invest in some of these new growth initiatives, but that's different than refreshing our base hard drive product set. So we would not expect that we would see, call it, a surge in our operating expenses as it relates to that. And we continue to expect that we're going to have a competitive product lineup to match up against our competitors. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, that would be speculative, I don't know. And so it's a question that ultimately would need to be directed to Toshiba to get a more specific question. I would reiterate really one thing, and that relative to what we saw from a competitive dynamic perspective, we didn't really see anything that was particularly out of the ordinary. The other thing I'd add, which is just kind of an anecdotal comment, I was at Hitachi and the CEO there, and yen movements did not impact at all anything that we did. But I don't know how it impacts Toshiba. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, let me take the most tangible factor is we have been growing faster than the market. So I think that history is probably the thing that gives the most tangible proof of that. The other thing is, is that we have a product roadmap that we're focused on, that has been discussed and shared with our customers. We're sampling some new products with our customers. We're getting positive feedback. And so as we go through the development process and we go through, call it, the prequalification process with our customers, our confidence and our ability to grow faster than the market just continues to be solid. 
Stephen Milligan: So let me sort of take that question in a different question rather than me speculating on where the industry margins go. Let me talk about the things that are impacting our business. What's fundamentally happening from our standpoint is that the secular forces, if you want to refer to it that way, are basically -- what's increasing is those elements of our business that carry higher margins. So we have a tailwind in effect that is pushing us to higher margin opportunities. Also the things that we're investing in, these strategic growth initiatives, generally speaking, carry higher margins. Right now, 58% of our business is "non-PC". And we know and we've said this in the past that the PC market is more price sensitive and there's less ability to differentiate, and accordingly those products, carry lower margin profiles. But as our revenue increases in the non-PC segment, generally carrying higher margins, we have a bias over time for our gross margins increasing as opposed to decreasing over time. That being said, we continue to have a stated gross margin range of 27% and 32%. But as these things continue to evolve, we'll look at whether or not we need to reevaluate that gross margin range. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, it's kind of difficult for me to comment on that specifically. I mean, the bottom line to it is, is that I'm going to repeat 2 things, and that pricing was consistent with our expectations. And at the end of the day, in order for us to be able to do what we need to do, we have to have pricing that's competitive with the industry. Whatever that means in terms of what price declines are is whatever it means. But at the end of the day, we did not see anything particularly unusual, and remember that the margins in that business carry higher margins. I mean, we're comfortable in general with where we're positioned in that regard. 
Stephen Milligan: And so we're kind of tying it back to the point that I was making earlier, as more and more of our business is deployed against non-PC applications, generally speaking, those are higher mix products, whether it be branded products, it be surveillance, it be on the enterprise space. So as our mix transitions from an overall business perspective, we're going to get a nice bump in terms of the average capacity point shipped. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, we expect -- well, we anticipate -- again, we'll see what Toshiba publishes, that we lost a little bit of share in the notebook space. And that was primarily because -- which has kind of happened over the last couple of quarters. Some of that may have a little bit to do with gaming and then also that's where margins tend to be lower. And so that may be some of the area where we just choose to not participate in some of the business. So I would say that, that decline is steeper than what the industry is seeing. 
Stephen Milligan: Yes, as I indicated in my remarks, we've got some, I hate to call it sample units, but we've got some customer applications running in test units and that kind of thing and positive response so far. Our customers are very pleased that we actually know how to construct a subsystem for them given that we've been a component supplier for so long. And so we're encouraged, and I think it's fair to say that our customers are encouraged as well with some of the progress that we're making in that area. 
Stephen Milligan: All right. So thank you again for joining us today. In closing, I want to thank all of our employees and suppliers for their commitment and outstanding execution, and our customers for their continued business. Thanks so much. 
