Timothy Leyden: Thank you, Steve. Our March quarter performance reflected healthy unit demand and solid execution. The hard drive industry shipped approximately 137 million units during the March quarter, which was higher than the TAM implied in the guidance we provided in January. In our business, we saw continued strength in gaming, anticipated seasonal declines in client and branded products, and some softness in enterprise. Aggregated channel inventories of Western Digital products remain at the low end of our 4 to 6 week range. Our revenue for the March quarter was $3.7 billion, including $134 million from enterprise SSDs. Our enterprise SSD revenue was slightly better than we had expected, and some of the single source strengths we saw in the December quarter carried into the March quarter. We continue to expect that our SSD enterprise business will outpace the market’s revenue growth rate over the long term. Overall, 53% of our revenue came from non-PC applications. We shipped a total of 60.4 million hard drives at an average selling price of $58. The quarter over quarter decline in overall ASP was primarily driven by business mix.  Our gross margin for the quarter was 28.6%. Excluding $39 million of amortization expense for required intangible assets, as well as $16 million of restructuring charges, our non-GAAP gross margin was 30.1%. We exceeded our implied guidance for non-GAAP gross margin by 60 basis points, primarily due to operational efficiencies and better utilization. R&D and SG&A spending totaled $628 million for the March quarter. SG&A included the following items: $11 million of amortization expense for required intangible assets, and $4 million of restructuring and other charges. R&D included $8 million of restructuring charges. We accrued interest charges of $13 million in the March quarter relating to the Seagate arbitration matter.  Tax expense for the March quarter was $31 million or, or 8% of pretax income. Net interest expense for the March quarter was $13 million, and included $4 million of debt issuance costs that were expensed with the payoff of the prior credit facility. Our net income for the March quarter totaled $375 million or $1.55 per share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $470 million or $1.94 per share. Turning to the balance sheet, we generated $697 million in cash from operations and our free cash flow totaled $536 million. Our capex for the March quarter totaled $161 million or 4% of revenue. We repurchased 2.8 million shares for $244 million during the March quarter. We also declared a dividend in the amount of $0.30 per share. We entered Q3 with total cash, cash equivalents, and investments of $5 billion, of which approximately $2.3 billion was in the U.S. I’ll now provide our guidance for the June quarter. We expect revenue to be seasonally down and in a range of $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion; gross margin approximately at the midpoint of our 27% to 32% model, excluding the amortization of intangibles; R&D and SG&A spending around $600 million, also excluding the amortization of intangibles; a tax rate of approximately 8%; a share count of approximately 242 million. Accordingly, we estimate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.65 and $1.75, for the June quarter, which includes the dilution impact of approximately $0.10 of the sTec and Virident acquisitions. As a reminder, we expect the sTec, VeloBit, and Virident acquisitions to be accretive early in calendar year 2015.  Overall, we continue to execute well, and we are well-positioned to succeed in the evolving storage market. In closing, I want to point out to investors and analysts that our fiscal year 2015 will consist of 53 weeks, with the first quarter ending October 3, 2014, consisting of 14 weeks, and the second, third, and fourth quarters at 13 weeks each.  Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Timothy Leyden: It was at the noise level, really. There was some movement in there, but it was relatively insignificant. So there wasn’t anything really that was significant that would cause us to call it out separately.
Timothy Leyden: I think the consumer business is a bit more impacted by the macroeconomic issues, and as you know, the emerging markets have been challenged really because of the foreign exchange. And so that continues, and we’re seeing that the more mature markets are the stronger ones, and the emerging markets are the weaker ones. And of course the dislocation in Russia didn’t help.
Timothy Leyden: I think it’s a continuing plan. We’re putting together the multiple roadmaps for sTec, Virident, VeloBit, and the JDA. And as we put those together, we will have some efficiencies that will come from cost. We’ll obviously be building up our revenue.  So from where we are right now going towards the end of the year, by the time that we’re exiting December, we will be pretty much at breakeven, or maybe a little bit accretive. And then we’ll be fully accretive in the first quarter. And it will taper between now and then going from the $0.10 to where we are right now, towards that breakeven point in the December quarter, as we exit December. 
Timothy Leyden: Each of the different segments, other than gaming, is likely to be down as you look quarter on quarter.
Timothy Leyden: We continue to pursue the plan that we outlined in September of 2012, at our analyst day, which is 50% of free cash flow. But obviously as we go forward, we’re in the business of making sure that we maximize the value for the shareholders. So consequently, we are always looking to see what’s best mix, and what’s the best balance between investing in the business for future gain and also making sure that we meet our obligations that we have outlined to shareholders. So it’s an ongoing process that we’re looking at, and we continue to look at it. But we’re very pleased with the generation of the cash flow and obviously we keep looking at it.
Timothy Leyden: Yes, we did indicate that the ASP would be flattish, and in line with the seasonality that we’ve historically seen, generally it’s down somewhere in the region of about 4% or so from a quarter over quarter basis. So that’s really where the expectation and the matching of the flat ASP and the revenue guidance is coming from.
Timothy Leyden: Yeah, there would be a little bit of a challenge as far as utilization is concerned, when you compare quarter on quarter. So that’s really where the challenge is. From a viewpoint of component reductions, what we’ve seen is that as the volumes stabilize, the component cost reductions have also flattened out a bit, and they’re not as significant as they used to be historically. They’re probably running somewhere in the region of about a half to a third of where they had been previously. So consequently, the utilization takes on a larger significance in that particular mix. 
Timothy Leyden: There’s a lot of moving parts, and you’ve got SAS and SATA and PCIe, all as [unintelligible]. From what we can glean out of it, it looks like on a year on year basis, that the growth is somewhere north of about 50% or so. So we’re just slightly behind where the total market growth rate is. 
Timothy Leyden: So if you look at our business, and look at the cash flow, we had very good linearity during the course of the quarter. And we used that linearity in order to be able to avoid capital expenditure. Because it means that we’re able to avoid spikes. So that’s one thing. The second thing is, we’re putting quite a lot of product on the ocean, and from a funding viewpoint, and from an investing viewpoint, and from a return on investment, that is proving to be a very good ROI. We did take something in the region of about $60 million in absolute terms out of the work in process, and our [raw] was almost flat.  So when we look at how we’re executing the business, it’s a mix of making sure that, as we kind of bypass an expenditure through linearity, we can then avoid costs through putting product on the ocean. And as we put it on the ocean, it means that we carry that inventory for something in the region of six to eight weeks or so. So it does have an impact on our finished goods. 
Timothy Leyden: As we’ve gone through the years, there’s been more of a concentration on 2.5 inch versus 3.5 inch, and 3.5 inch does have higher price. So from a mix viewpoint, there is an increasing percentage of the total is 2.5 versus 3.5, and that contributes to the dampening of the price. That’s mainly what causes that.
Timothy Leyden: I don’t think that the growth numbers have been as we would have expected, and I’m talking about total TAM. So consequently, we participated in that. And Toshiba has taken a bit more market share in some parts of the world, primarily through aggressive pricing. And we’re selective in how we compete in there, but the market growth we expect is going to get back as the products become more compelling. What we’ve done is participated selectively and tried to keep the market share that we’ve had.
Timothy Leyden: We think there’s a lot of opportunity for external drive attachment as we go forward, particularly as handheld devices and other devices don’t have that much storage integrated into them. So it’s a changing market, but there are lots of opportunities there, and together with direct attach, NAS, and also wireless, I think there’s big opportunity for us to be able to capitalize on the continuing trend towards mobility. But so far, I think it’s been more anemic that we would have expected or liked it to be.
Stephen Milligan: The primary area where we saw a bit of weakness in terms of enterprise demand was in capacity enterprise. Not so much traditional performance enterprise in terms of our business. That more or less tracked to our expectations. I think just to kind of put a little bit of context on this, one of the things to keep in mind as a general statement is that one, the volumes for capacity enterprise on a relative basis are not that large in terms of relative to the total TAM.  The other thing is that the number of customers, it tends to be dominated by a relatively few number of customers. So any changes in purchasing behavior on the part of some of those larger customers can have a relatively significant impact on the overall numbers. So that’s just a little bit of context. With that being said, basically what we saw was increased efficiency from the standpoint of some of our significant hyperscale buyers. And efficiency is coming in the form of really a few things. One, supply chain efficiencies and efficiencies in the way that they deploy capacity from their standpoint through their deployments, and also, in terms of improved utilization, in terms of the overall storage capacity.  So they’re basically working off inventory that they already had in place, because of, if you want to call it, inefficiencies in their deployments. We see that persisting through our current quarter that we’re in, our fiscal Q4, and we expect that demand will pick up in the second half of the year, more in line with what we’ve been seeing in the past. And so it’s a short term dynamic in terms of the first and the second calendar quarter of this year, and we don’t expect to persist longer term.
Stephen Milligan: I’ll take a stab at that and then Tim can add to that as appropriate. First off, we’re very comfortable right now in terms of where we’re at with our internal versus external component purchases, really, on both subs. And frankly, they’re at relatively consistent levels, coincidentally, not through any inappropriate coordination. They just happened to be at very similar levels in terms of the percentage of internal versus external components for both heads and media. And generally speaking, that’s been fairly consistent over the last few quarters, so we haven’t seen any material change in that. From an overall utilization perspective and expected synergies that we might happen to realize if we are able to combine, we have not provided a specific number on that in terms of cost synergies. We have provided an indication of what we thought it would be on the opex side, but needless to say, it will be meaningful in terms of the reduction in terms of cost that we’ll see on our cost of goods sold if we’re able to combine the two entities. And so clearly we think that will be a benefit, not only to our shareholders, but in particular to our customers, and will allow us to continue to fund the required innovations that we need to deal with the changing storage ecosystem that we’re dealing with.
Stephen Milligan: One thing that I would call out is that obviously we saw strength in the gaming side of our business. That is all attributable to Asia. Because it’s shipped into location, as opposed to where those ultimate systems get deployed. And so that might have something to do with that increase in Asia.
Stephen Milligan: In terms of the second half of the year, we are optimistic about the enterprise side of the business, and so in that regard, I would say that we would concur with what our largest competitor has said.  On the PC side, and Rich, you know us well, we probably tend to be a little bit more cautious and a little bit more conservative. We have definitely seen a stabilization in the PC market. Now, it still is declining on a year on year basis. Certainly a lot of that has to do with commercial refresh. The question there is that we don’t know how long the sustainability of that commercial refresh.  We believe that we’ll continue to see some of that activity through the June quarter. The question is, does it persist through the back half of the year. Consumer generally speaking, as far as we can tell, continues to be relatively weak, so we’re not really seeing any particular strength there.  So I would characterize that we’re probably cautiously optimistic regarding PC demand trends, but I think the stabilization is meaningful in the sense that there’s less volatility. And that decreased volatility just makes it a little bit easier for us to manage and plan around that as opposed to chasing the ball around on the pitch trying to figure out which way it’s going to go next.
Stephen Milligan: I wouldn’t call anything out specifically from our standpoint. The client business from our perspective - and this is kind of at the margins, so it’s not a significant thing - was a little bit stronger than what we expected. Gaming was certainly stronger than what we expected, and then the enterprise side, which I talked about earlier in terms of capacity enterprise, was a bit weaker.  But the stronger PC business that we saw, it was not that significant within the whole grand scheme of things. And competitive behavior was within the norm, I guess you might say. We didn’t see any unusual competitive behavior that would be particularly alarming to us.
Stephen Milligan: Just to add to that, the primary driver is revenue and ramping the new businesses. And the new business being those products that relate to the sTec and Virident acquisition. There are some synergies or rationalization from an opex perspective, but the primary driver will be continuing to ramp from a product perspective, from a revenue perspective, from a customer perspective, those new businesses.
Stephen Milligan: I don’t know if I would really call anything out, frankly, in terms of that. I mean, it’s a little bit of a challenging question in the sense that we have a number of customers that increasingly are coming more and more direct to the [drive] guys, which is obviously impacting some of the traditional customer base.  And so I don’t think we saw anything in particular that stands out with our traditional customer base in the capacity enterprise market that’s worthy of calling out, other than just ongoing challenges of how to remain relevant with some of the changing purchasing behaviors on behalf of some of our customers. 
Stephen Milligan: Well, the primary impact to our cost structure, which has nothing to do per se with helium, the fact that it’s helium sealed, is that as we are shipping higher and higher capacity drives, whether they be 6 or 8 or 10 or whatever it happens to be as the product extends itself over a period of time, is the test times for these products are significant. And so we’re having to add, or will have to add, as volumes ramp, meaningful amounts of test capacity. But that is not unique per se to the helium platform. It just has to do with the amount of data these things are storing.
Stephen Milligan: I think you’ve got to keep in mind that relative to the sTec side, the momentum there was not exactly positive. So I think you’ve got to consider that really we bought a, I hate to call it this, but a little bit of a distressed asset.
Stephen Milligan: We are generally comfortable with where we’re at in terms of our relationship with our test equipment suppliers, including with Xyratex/Seagate. There are contractual provisions that were put in place prior to the closing of that transaction that we believe sufficiently protect us, and will provide for a constructive relationship going forward.
Stephen Milligan: You know, I want to remain appropriately humble in terms of answering this question, but the reality is that we have a really good team, particularly from a manufacturing perspective, from a cost perspective, on both sides, being WD and HGST, and they are constantly working on eking out every dollar of savings that we can. And so it’s just a matter of sort of scratching and crawling every day, to make sure that we’re realizing appropriate efficiencies and it shows up in our numbers. That being said, overall, even though the volumes came in the form of, let’s say, gaming primarily, in terms of upside, which didn’t necessarily translate to higher ASPs and that sort of thing, we did get some additional efficiencies from higher volumes that provided some of that uplift as well. But frankly, I have to take my hat off to our operations team in terms of their ability to grind out cost savings all the time.
Stephen Milligan: I think another comment to make, and not to in any way message that we have anything planned, but one of the things that we think is important is that we continue to keep our powder dry in terms of looking at additional opportunities, whether that be M&A or otherwise.  There are a lot of dramatic changes going on in the storage world, in the data world. We believe we’ve got our eyes and ears to the ground in terms of trying to understand what’s happening, where we’ can add value from a customer perspective, what we can do from a technology perspective. And so we want to make sure that we’ve got sufficient stock, so to speak, for any other opportunities that might be M&A related. 
Stephen Milligan: I don’t know if I would call anything out in particular. I think that in a lot of ways, we were, I’ll call it an early investor in this business, going back to really 2008. And this is on the HGST side initially. And that also corresponds to a lot of the work that we did to improve our position in the broader enterprise market period, and have really developed what we’d like to believe are very tight relationships with a number of enterprise customers, and have broad-based knowledge of the enterprise market and the interaction of storage devices with systems and so on. And that’s bearing fruit. And the added credibility that we happen to provide, it may not be entirely showing up in the numbers as of yet. There is some ramp, and not only that, ongoing product development that we need to do. But that credibility will translate to either legacy sTec products, which basically will go away. I mean, call it HGST products going forward, and then not only that, it will translate to PCIe or Virident related products as well. So I think it’s really just a reflection of our ongoing investments in credibility in the broader enterprise market.
Stephen Milligan: I think the one area that we would call out, and I don’t know if it will necessarily be outside of seasonal norms, it’s probably a little bit too early to call that, but obviously we’re expecting a nice rebound in terms of capacity enterprise demand. So there might be a little bit more strength in that market than what we traditionally have seen. And so that’s the indicators that we’re getting “today”. We’ll have to continue to validate that as we move through the balance of the quarter. And then we’ll talk more about that when we have our earnings call in three months.
Stephen Milligan: The one thing that’s tricky about the enterprise space as an overall comment, is that the margins are richer. And that’s traditionally been the case for quite a long time. Therefore, there’s more margin to give away, just by definition. These are indicative numbers as opposed to real numbers, but if you’re running 20% gross margins, there’s not as much profit to give away, and so people are going to be more cautious. When you’ve got higher margin products, and you think that there is an opportunity to drive elasticity, you might be compelled to lower those prices more than you otherwise would. And so as a general statement, I would say that probably in the enterprise space, as we begin to see weakness - this is an overall statement, it’s not a statement about us. I’m not pointing the finger. It’s not anything like that. It’s not intended that way.  But, you know, people weren’t entirely sure what was going on from a demand perspective. Maybe there was a little bit of a thought, well, maybe there’s elasticity here. So we’re going to maybe look a little bit more at the pricing lever and maybe things got a little bit more aggressive than what made sense. Because there was not the kind of elasticity that you normally would expect. And so I think that’s kind of maybe what’s happened over the last few quarters. Going forward, the reality of it is that pricing is always difficult to predict. It just is. And obvious statement, but no one individual or no one individual company controls pricing. And there’s a lot of factors that go into that.  The market continues to be competitive, and we are working very closely with all of our customers to find different ways to continue to help them solve the issues that they’re working on to help them create value, whether that be through innovative products, innovative technology, and also making sure that the products are at a cost point for them that makes sense depending upon the economics that they’re trying to drive in their business.  So there’s a lot of dynamics that go into pricing, but I do think that given the larger margin pool, it’s a little bit more tempting for guys who look at taking price down than maybe other segments of the market.
Stephen Milligan: We’re forecasting revenue generally down 4% on a quarter over quarter basis. That, from our perspective, is pretty consistent with normal seasonality. And so I would not intend that that’s outside of the norms of what we’ve seen historically. And overall, I don’t think that we’re really seeing any particular dynamics in a given market, other than the gaming market continues to be healthy. That’s just a good thing in terms of volume absorption and that kind of thing. So that’s kind of helping us a bit. So I wouldn’t really call [anything out] there. And then what was the second part of your question? I’m sorry.
Stephen Milligan: I’d prefer not to go there, honestly. I think it’s a little bit too early. We’re certainly expecting a seasonal uptick in our business in the back half of the year. There’s still a fair amount of uncertainty out there, and I don’t want that to come across as an overly negative statement.  It’s more just to be cautious, and that’s kind of the way that we manage our business. There is still a reasonable amount of uncertainty out there. What’s really happening in the PC market? How long is this refresh cycle going to have?  And I’m afraid of saying all this, because I’ll scare everybody. You know, there’s a fair amount of geopolitical things out there. China is still kind of soft overall. Russia provides a little bit of uncertainty, how’s that going to play out.  And I think it’s just a little bit too early to call exactly how calendar Q3 and Q4 are going to look, other than we think we’re reasonably comfortable that it’s going to be seasonally up, pretty much along the lines of what we typically see.
Stephen Milligan: So there’s a few things that are impacting that. The first thing that I think is important is that overall growth in data, which is a little bit difficult to get exact numbers on it, but [unintelligible] the analysis that we’ve got is tracking to our expectations. So it’s not an issue, the exabyte growth issue is not reflective of overall content creation, if you want to call it that. The other thing is that some of the numbers that we have been talking about historically, let’s call it a 25% growth, rounding off to 25% growth, in exabyte volumes. That had certain assumptions related to the PC market, both from a volume perspective as well as from a capacity mix perspective.  What we’re seeing is one, volumes have generally speaking been less than what we had previously assumed. The other thing is that our PC customers are not mixing up to higher capacity points as much as we normally have seen. Really, one, because they’re trying to hit certain cost points, and also, aerial density growth is not progressing as much as what we have historically seen. So that, because of the large volume that the PC market tends to have, has an oversized impact on that 25%, reconciling it back to the 10% number that you’re talking about.  And then on the last factor that I will cite, is that some of these recent changes that we’ve seen in terms of the capacity enterprise market, where we’re seeing more softness than what we previously expected, because of efficiencies that they’re realizing, that’s also had an impact. And we would expect to see that that will begin to improve in the second half of the year.
Stephen Milligan: As a general statement, not necessarily speculating on would we do something exactly like what Seagate’s done, but we will continue to look at ways that we can add value throughout the enterprise stack. So it may or may not perpetuate itself potentially as exactly with Xyratex’s acquisition, but yes, that is certainly an area where we’re working with our customers and have active dialog in terms of well, what are different ways that we could add value? And there’s nothing conclusive there. But that is a meaningful opportunity for us from a business perspective.
Stephen Milligan: On the hybrid side, frankly it hasn’t been as compelling of a product, or has not tracked to our original expectations. And I think that is not only a WD statement, but is also frankly largely an industry statement. One of the things that we’re continuing to focus on is trying to figure out how that value equation translates or sells, not only with our customers, who in this case would be traditional PC OEMs, but also to the end customer.  : Now, to be honest, our revenue expectations were not that significant anyway, and so it doesn’t have that significant of an impact on our financial results, but it is something that we need to continue to focus on and make decisions on going forward, particularly in terms of investment otherwise. On the enterprise side, what’s actually happening, to address your question in terms of visibility, what was going on before is that our enterprise customers, or capacity enterprise customers, particularly the hyperscale ones, were either carrying more inventory than they needed, or we were carrying inventory for them, because they didn’t have as much visibility, and so their supply lines or deployment schedules were kind of inefficient.  What’s happened is that they’ve become more efficient, which is actually, other than the short term demand driver that we’ve seen, good for our business in the sense that we believe, and this is something that needs to be tested out as we move forward, that there’s going to be improved visibility, less inventory carried through the entire supply line, and that will be good for our business.
Stephen Milligan: Not so much. I mean, maybe at the margins, but not that significantly. It’s still relatively low volume within the whole grand scheme of things. And it’s being worked in in terms of a normal deployment schedule. And frankly, we’ve been talking to our customers about the 6 TB and when it was going to come out for a while, so it’s been worked into their planning cycle. So I wouldn’t say that there’s anything particularly unusual related to that that’s impacting the number of units that our customers are pulling from us in the capacity enterprise space.
Stephen Milligan: Well, we think it’s a great opportunity for us. We’re going to have to continue to invest. We’re going to have to continue to make the product more and more compelling, I’ll call it from a software perspective. And so it has been a good product for us. We’ve had some service issues. We’ve addressed those. We’re investing in that. We’ve got to make sure that we deliver on the product offering that we’re putting out there. But the initial reactions to it have been very positive. It’s serving a purpose, filling a market need. And so we’re very excited about it, but we’ve also got more work to do in terms of continuing to make the product compelling as we move forward.
Stephen Milligan: That’s a very good question, and the reality is, I don’t know the answer to that. And part of the reason I don’t know the answer to that is because our customers don’t know at this point. I mean, the demand has been very strong. There’s a lot of bullishness there. And so we don’t know exactly how long the cycle is going to go. Now, that being said, just as an example, the models will last for quite a while. It’s just units will continue to be produced. It’s just a matter of at what volume. And so we’re going to have to continue to monitor that and keep you abreast of how we’re seeing the gaming volumes play out. But right now, there is a fair amount of bullishness on behalf of our customers regarding the new gaming consoles.
Stephen Milligan: We haven’t seen anything regarding that. It has apparently not had any impact on our sales. That being said, we take these things very seriously, and certainly did our best to respond as quickly as we can, and have attempted to take preventative actions to minimize the risk of that happening again. But so far, knock on wood, we have not seen any direct impact on the units that we’re selling. Thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to updating you as we go forward. Thank you very much.
