John Coyne: Basically, no. We developed our transaction based on our belief that it will enhance our ability to provide value to customers through enhancement of the basic technology that's required to continue to deliver a high-quality, high reliability product portfolio, enables us to expand that product portfolio. The scale of the combined operations generates cost leverage and efficiencies, which we intend to share with our customers, and so we continue to be convinced that the acquisition of HGST is a very positive thing for WD's customers, for WD's employees, suppliers, and shareholders.
John Coyne: I think, Rich -- I think I mentioned in the last call my belief that the drive industry got a little ahead of itself in calendar year 2010 and shipped more product than the actual end demand consumer and commercial user level justified. And that likewise the PC industry also put a little too much inventory into the channel, particularly in consumer in the latter half of 2010. And that consequently, while the drive industry had 18% growth in 2010, over 2009, that I expected mid single-digit to high single-digit growth in the current year. And if you balance those two numbers, you would get a 2-year growth rate in the 10% to 12% level. I think that commentary is still valid. We believe that true end consumer demand, whether commercial or personal, continues to be in the range that Intel are reflecting in their commentary.
John Coyne: Yes, generally, our customer reaction in our conversations with customers immediately after we announced the acquisition of HGST has been very positive. I believe that the compelling value that they see in the deal is our ability to underpin the technology on a go-forward basis. Our ability to continue to innovate in terms of products useful to their future directions and the increased scale that will allow us to generate further cost benefits, and our willingness that we've exhibited over the last 10 years and will continue to do so to share those cost reductions with our customers to enable them to grow their markets. So very positive reaction.
John Coyne: Obviously, we have been working with customers over many, many years to develop strong partnership relationships and a significant and key value that WD has brought to that table is our flexible and responsive model, and the consistency of our ability to overcome challenges and consistently deliver a high-quality product in a timely manner. That is one of the key values that has driven the WD share growth over the last 10 years. And our posture is to continue to deliver that value. Obviously, where that requires incremental cost, like all good partnerships, we want that to be a 2-way thing. Continuous price reduction in the marketplace is an ability we have to reduce prices is driven by an ability to consistently reduce cost. So where cost reduction takes a backseat to securing availability such as securing more expensive components, being involved in more expensive transport costs to expedite, paying expedite fees, those kinds of things we share with our customers typically. And they value our ability to deliver the product. And are therefore, willing to address those cost issues.
John Coyne: Well, I can only refer you to their public utterances and they did put out a press release immediately after our announcement of the HGST acquisition, which indicated their belief that, that offered them significant opportunity to grow and expressed their willingness and desire to invest to accomplish that.
John Coyne: Well, I think if you look at it, we believe that while February -- January tracked to the 155 guidance we gave in the last call for TAM. January tracked, February was weak. And we believe March, CPU delivery-driven demand would've delivered the quarter on track at 155. And we believe the incremental 5 million is response to the earthquake.
John Coyne: We'll see when the quarter is done. Our focus is on ensuring that we give the best support we possibly can to our customer needs.
John Coyne: As Wolfgang indicated, in response to a CapEx question, typically, we track the market very closely and we do just-in-time investment into capacity. And to Tim's point, we think there's going to be a component supply constraint throughout the industry through the September quarter. We then see an uptick in December from a demand perspective. We will plan to support that, but not over support it.
John Coyne: We think that the -- our primary focus of course is on our acquisition of HGST, which we believe provides value to our customers and shareholders through our ability to enhance our technology, product portfolio and scale. We did indicate in our go forward strategy that our external, critical technology suppliers would continue to be a substantial and very important part of our go forward strategy. We've not worked our way through all of the implications of the Seagate, Samsung deal as it may relate to Seagate's choices post-combination as to their external sourcing strategy. And if that were to change substantially what that impact might be on TDK. But our focus is on working with our critical technology suppliers to ensure that they have viable, underpinned, go forward strategies for technology, quality and availability and competitiveness. And we're certainly very focused on working with those suppliers to ensure that, that continues.
John Coyne: Well, I think there's still some discovery in that area. I mean, it's a relatively multi-tiered supply chain with not only the components we normally think about like finished semiconductors, but all of the subcomponents and materials that go into that. We do know that there are some concerns in the semiconductor world about silicon wafers, about semiconductor packaging materials in the printed circuit board world about some of the chemicals and metals that go into making circuit boards. So there's -- then there's an issue of the continuing rolling blackouts in Japan, I mean there are a whole series of uncertainties. We're not fully convinced that they're fully understood yet. And you just need one thing that cannot be sourced that is essential to system build to alter the landscape. So I think there's going to be some uncertainty throughout the balance of this quarter because remember, most people are currently operating on parts in pipeline that were already in place prior to the earthquake. And so, the real true impact, I think, will begin to be much better framed as we get towards the end of May.
John Coyne: We have not. It's hard to tell whether that's driven by availability or whether we're continuing to do as good a job for customers as we've been doing up until now. That's certainly our objective.  So I think that's all the questions we've time for. Operator, I'd just like, in closing, to thank all of you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in the company and in the industry. And we look forward to seeing you again in another quarter. Thank you.
Timothy Leyden: Okay, Keith, this is Tim. When we exited on the December quarter, we estimated that the OEMs had about 8 million to 10 million units in their inventory. Then during the course of the quarter, as we went through the CPU shortage, we think that they had reduction down to around 6 million to 8 million units. And then as we got into the March portion of the quarter, we believe that they built that back up to around 8 million to 10 million units as they got a bit concerned about supply. So we think that they finished up pretty much where they started at the beginning of the quarter. And then, when we look at the profile for the balance of the year, we believe there will be a supply constraint in both June quarter and in the September quarter. We think that in the December quarter, we'll be able to supply pretty much what the industry -- what the customers demand. So we think that the comfort level as far as inventory in the pipeline will not be able to be reached again until this quarter next year, the March quarter of next year.
Timothy Leyden: We think we'll be supply-constrained in June and September, and then we think we'll be pretty much on equilibrium basis relative to what the customers want and what we can supply in the December quarter.
Timothy Leyden: Yes, I think given what I just said. We had 160 pretty much 160 in the current quarter. I think the next two quarters will be somewhere around 155 each. And then we think that probably around 185 or so in the December quarter, so we think that given that profile, it'll be a supply constrained TAM and it'll be about 655 versus what the 650 in the last calendar year.
Timothy Leyden: Well since it's all supply constrained as I indicated, I indicated that we were thinking we would be supply constrained or the industry would be supply constrained, in June and September. And then only able to satisfy pretty much what the demand was in December with no inventory pipeline filling, and that indicates that it's all Japan related.
Timothy Leyden: General industry levels are below the 4- to 6-week target -- are bends that we normally talk about. And actually within that, both of the individual components of that, which is the distribution and the retail are well below their individual metrics. So in very good shape.
Timothy Leyden: They were very strong. I mean, and there were two things that drove that from an OEM viewpoint, there was when you looked at the information out of Taiwan for the ODMs they indicated that they had very strong March because the fact that the CPU, the lateness of the CPU delivery, enabled them or it required them to be able to catch up. And then we had the concern about the Japanese earthquake which drove very strong pulls from all channels in the last several weeks of the quarter.
Wolfgang Nickl: Yes, Scott. The sequential decline of gross margins from 19.2 to 18.2 are indeed a little bit better than what we had implied in our guidance. We pretty much saw the decline exactly how we had forecasted them, and again, mainly came from a segment mix, the branded businesses seasonally a bit down. And we had some absorption cost to deal with because we built fewer units in the March quarter than we did in the December quarter. And pricing overall probably came in a little bit better than we expected. I think we said on the call that we had like-for-like price declines in the model of 5%, and I would say they came in closer to 4.5%, so that's probably where the pickup came from. In terms of the CapEx, our priorities have not changed. Our capital is geared first and foremost towards ensuring our flexibility to service the market, our technology advancement, risk mitigation, and then we sold for incremental capacity. And we try to do the latter in as much as a just-in-time fashion as we can. And since volumes have come down a little bit, we're trying to be very prudent and try to invest as realtime as possible in capacity as we can.
Wolfgang Nickl: Historically, gross margin is down quarter-over-quarter in the June quarter over the March quarter. Like we said, we believe that we have underpinned the volume that we have committed. We believe that the pricing potentially driven by the swap markets is a little bit better. Price climbs are a little bit more benign than we have historically seen. So our implied margin is flat to slightly up, so we believe that is better than what we've historically seen, and our cost decline are somewhat limited because we have some increase cost due to the part substitutions that we have to do and expedite charges that we have to pay.
Wolfgang Nickl: Yes, I think again in the 775 to 800 million units, you will have 100 million included for the 6 to 8-inch wafer conversion and for the upgrade of our Singapore facility to optimize the output there. If you would roughly take this over a Street consensus revenue, excluding the onetime wafer, we're probably more towards the 7%, which is a function of the lower volume output and our just-in-time investments there. And then part of the 6-to 8-inch investments are moving into next year and it could be up to 100 million there.
Wolfgang Nickl: Again like we said, we're just providing color on the quarter that we've just started. We believe it is the price declines quarter-over-quarter are slightly below the historical norm. There are price declines because we had some pre-committed pricing in pre-3 '11 events and the swap markets have firmed up a bit as a function of supply demand, but it's way too early to tell what the pricing outlook would be for the remainder of the quarter. Our focus is on reducing our cost so that we continue to provide value to the marketplace.
Wolfgang Nickl: Too early to tell. The model is 18% to 23% and typically in the latter half of the year you're in the upper end of this but it's really too early to tell.
