Stephen D. Milligan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer; Olivier Leonetti, Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Long, Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Strategy Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights. Olivier will cover the fiscal fourth quarter financials, and Mark will wrap up with our guidance for the first fiscal quarter. Earlier this afternoon, we reported revenue and non-GAAP EPS for our fiscal fourth quarter that were better than the preliminary results announced earlier this month. We are reporting revenue of $3.5 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 31%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.79. Fiscal 2016 was a transformative year for our company. We took significant steps to continue our evolution into the leading storage solutions company and to return to growth with global scale and extensive product and technology assets. Given unabated growth in data and the increasing role technology plays in the lives of individuals and organizations large and small, we believe Western Digital is uniquely positioned to address the broadest range of storage opportunities in the marketplace. We embarked on a journey several years ago with a vision to provide a full spectrum of storage solutions. With the various acquisitions we have made so far, along with organically growing our capabilities, we are much further along today on that mission to help the market determine which solutions work best for a given application. We are a market and customer driven organization, and we believe this strategy will deliver long-term value for our customers, shareholders, and employees. With our long-term strategy clear, we are focused on execution. I am pleased to report that our integration activities associated with our acquisitions are going well. We are on target to achieve our synergy goals as a unified entity, focused on addressing the tremendous growth of data and the evolving needs of our customers. Additionally, our near-term priorities include our transition to 3D NAND and the deleveraging of our balance sheet. We have achieved several recent milestones associated with these initiatives. We have completed the rationalization and alignment of our product and technology roadmaps involving legacy WD, HGST, and SanDisk products, and we have shared this with our customers. We celebrated the opening of the New Fab 2 wafer manufacturing facility in Japan with Toshiba, underscoring the continued strength of our 16-year partnership. We announced our next generation 3D NAND technology, BiCS3, with an industry leading 64 layers of vertical storage capability, pilot production of BiCS3 has commenced, and we expect meaningful commercial volumes in the first half of calendar 2017. And we repaid in full the $3 billion bridge loan associated with the financing of the SanDisk acquisition. We also remain focused on innovating and investing in our business to ensure that we continue to remain agile and addressing changing market needs. At this important time in our company's history, I am inspired by the enthusiasm and positive spirit of our employees and the favorable response to our enhanced value proposition by our customers. I will now ask Mike Cordano to provide his comments on the business operations.
Stephen D. Milligan: And, Sherry, just this is Steve. Just to add one comment to that. I think that it's important to note, and we've gone through this in terms of our legacy hard drive business. There is always a number of different areas that create potential volatility in our business. It's our job from a management perspective to manage that volatility and to reduce its impact on our P&L, on our balance sheet, and corresponding impact on shareholders. So a fluctuation in the yen, just like changes in other variables that we deal with, our job is to manage that. By the way, absent the impact, I don't say absent, but even with the impact of purchase accounting, we're able to offset largely the impact in terms of the change in the value of the yen on our first quarter results. And I think it's important to emphasize that fact.
Stephen D. Milligan: So Rich, this is Steve. So the first thing is, is that we will only be providing total OpEx guidance going forward. We will not be providing, if you want to call it, separate legacy WDC or legacy SanDisk. As we move through the integration process, it will become kind of impossible to do that because we'll be combining – we're in the process of combining the companies. And then your assumption is correct that as we move through, one, through the tail end of calendar 2016 and into 2017 as we begin to realize synergies, we will see our OpEx begin to decline absent other investments that we need to make to continue to innovate in our business.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, Katy. So to make a few comments. One thing just to, I'll call it, remind everybody is when we do the December 6 Investor Day, we'll obviously be providing updated margin range. We'll also be talking more qualitatively about the hierarchy of our margins between the three different, the slices of revenue that we're providing, data center as well as client devices, et cetera. And so we will be providing additional color going forward. Relative to the trajectory of our margins, it's a little bit early to make a call on that because there's obviously a lot of variables going on, which we sort of alluded to in Mike's commentary. So I don't want to get too over my skis in terms of forecasting of where we think our margins are going to trend. So I'll leave it at that.
Stephen D. Milligan: So I'll take that and then Olivier or Mark can comment. First off, we are on track to achieving the synergy targets that we set for ourselves as well as outlined externally. We were not specific when we did that as to how that would reflect itself from a quarterly basis. We talked about where we would end up in terms of calendar 2016 as well as in calendar 2017. I believe that we suggested to the investment community that you use some sort of I'll call it straight-line projection in that regard. And I would say that generally speaking, that's about where we're at. But we're on track to our calendar year-end synergy targets.
Stephen D. Milligan: And then I would just add in terms of free cash flow, one of the things that we will be doing again in conjunction with the December Investor Day is resetting what we see as our cash conversion targets. We've got a bit more work to do on that as we increase our understanding and also look for optimization opportunities in terms of the combined business. And obviously with the profit ranges and in terms of margin, OpEx, et cetera, that will allow for a better modeling of where we think our free – operations cash flow will turn out. And then you would back off the CapEx from that to be able to estimate what our free cash flow would be going forward.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, so, Ananda, I would say that in terms of – I'm not going to make a call on the back half in terms of quantitatively, obviously. I'm going to give you a very dissatisfying answer. We would expect that the TAM will be higher in the second half than it was in the first half as a general statement. But more specifically as it relates to calendar Q3, our fiscal Q1, I would say that we would expect the hard drive TAM to be in the range of about 110 million units.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, my comment on part of this, but let me make one thing clear. Part of the strategy that SanDisk had and accordingly our strategy, which oh by the way, we concurred with, is that we want to manage technology transitions when it makes sense from a cost standpoint. So it, right now, we have the leading 2D planar technology from a cost standpoint. So we want to intersect 3D NAND technology when we think it is cost competitive to the incumbent 2D NAND technology. We believe that that will occur with our BiCS3 technology. And so, and we're pleased with the progress. We've still got a lot of work that we've got to do to go make that happen. And, but that's where we believe with 64 layers, that's where we believe that that cost crossover point will begin to occur, and we'll be ramping accordingly when that takes place through 2017. So I'll have Mike comment from kind of a product perspective.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, and just a comment on our margins, then I'll ask Mark to add a comment about a little bit about the hierarchy of our margins. But I want to impress one point, that all of our margins by product continue to perform consistent with our expectations and what we would consider to be our own internal margin ranges. So no issues in terms of that, but I'll ask Mark to talk about kind of the hierarchy of our margins.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, a few clarifying comments. I mean first off, we nor SanDisk have historically disclosed the amount of the royalty from Samsung. The additional thing is, is that the current royalty arrangement is up for renewal and we're in discussions with Samsung regarding the terms of that renewal. I have nothing to report in terms of the status of that other than we're currently discussions with them. And then the additional point that I will make, which we talked about as part of the acquisition, is that when we did our forward modeling of the impact of that, we were I will call it relatively conservative in terms of our assumptions. And so we did not get overly aggressive as to what we thought, so we feel like we're sufficiently protected in terms of how that might turn out from a future financial modeling perspective.
Stephen D. Milligan: That's an additional item that we'll be providing more color on in December. We're still scrubbing through the details.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well that's a very general question. And so, again, we'll be providing more information in December in terms of our gross margin range. But obviously the puts and takes, it's going to be dependent upon the usual things, what happens with mix, what happens with pricing, what happens with demand. Obviously right now in terms of what Mike was alluding to, we've got a favorable supply/demand situation in terms of NAND. That's helping our margin profile from an overall perspective. And hard drive market is relatively stable, certainly from a demand perspective. But as Mike alluded to, we continue to see some share-based pricing behavior in certain parts of the market that's kind of offsetting maybe some of the more positive things that we're seeing in terms of mix and demand on the hard drive side. So there's various different puts and takes. But on balance, we see at least in the near term an upward trajectory from 31% to 32% in terms of our gross margin percentage.
Stephen D. Milligan: It's included. You'll have a full quarter, so it will actually be higher stock comp. We'll repeat the answer. The primary difference between F Q4 and F Q1 OpEx is having a full quarter of SanDisk OpEx plus a higher level of incentive compensation funding. That's the primary difference.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, just to make an overall comment, because remember we provided guidance prior to the acquisition of the SanDisk, which SanDisk which was obviously legacy WDC. Our financial results for F Q4 for legacy WDC came in largely consistent with our expectations. So primarily the upside that we saw was driven by if you want to call it legacy SanDisk or our new flash-based business over that stub period.
Stephen D. Milligan: Sure. All right. So I want to thank you for joining us today. In closing, I want to thank Olivier Leonetti for his contributions as our Chief Financial Officer over the last two years. We greatly appreciate Olivier's dedication during this transformative time and wish him the best in the future. We look forward to staying in touch with our investors in the analyst community in the weeks and months ahead. Thank you.
Mark P. Long: Sure, Sherry. So all we were describing in the commentary was the fact that the purchase accounting rules forced us or required us to eliminate certain benefits we would have otherwise had from the financial statements going forward by mark-to-market rules for the hedge instruments. So the impact, as we mentioned, is a total of $51 million in unrealized gains. Those gains would have been spread out over the next few quarters. And in fiscal Q1, we would have had a benefit of $26 million, and in fiscal Q2, we would have had a benefit of $17 million. The remainder would have applied in future quarters. So that accounts for the change in reporting due to purchase accounting. With respect to how we deal with the yen going forward, I think it's important to realize that our current combined company dependence on the yen is now significantly diminished. For SanDisk, their COGS were approximately 45% related to the yen. For the combined company, that dependence will drop to 15%. Nonetheless, we will continue our active hedging program to ensure that we are able to manage the volatility of the currency during the fiscal quarter and throughout the fiscal year through our hedging mechanisms.
Mark P. Long: So for the CapEx considerations, I think it's important to remember what the CapEx requirements were for each of the separate businesses and then we can think about them on a combined basis. So we were looking at 5% to 7% of revenue from the HDD business, although we were running a little below that. And then for cash CapEx for the SanDisk business, they were running in the 8% to 10% range. On a combined basis, I think it would be safe to look at something in the 6% to 8% range for planning purposes.
Mark P. Long: Right. And we tried to provide you with visibility into our cash interest expense by highlighting what we were amortizing in terms of the debt discount and issuance expenses. So I think you have the drivers of our free cash flow laid out.
Mark P. Long: Sure. Mark. So basically when we look at the hierarchy of gross margin, the highest performing area for us is in the data center devices and solutions. Then that's followed by our client solutions, and then the third kind of level in the hierarchy is client devices. And as Steve pointed out, we are seeing the expected performance in each of those categories.
Mark P. Long: Well, as we pointed out, we will be providing a much more fulsome financial model at our Analyst Day in December. But I think it's safe to assume that the ranges we provided for the guidance will actually be slightly lower. And for fiscal 2017, we think it will be something in the range of 15% to 20%.
Mark P. Long: So in terms of free cash flow, we're going to provide updated guidance in December. So I think that's the soonest we'll give you more granularity. But in terms of our debt paydown schedule, I think it's safe to assume we're going to be aggressive where we can be to pay that down as quickly as we can. Our long-term commitment remains the three to five-year horizon getting to 1.5 times leverage. And as I mentioned, as we can find ways, whether it's our cash conversion cycle or other operational improvements that generate more free cash flow, we will look to use that to delever the balance sheet.
Mark P. Long: So first of all, let me clarify. That is just purchase accounting. So it will not flow through the P&L for Q1 and Q2 and beyond for the instruments that we had at the time of the closing of the transaction. So all our new hedging instruments will flow through in the customary manner. Now, we still get the cash benefit of those instruments, but you will see effectively it's what would otherwise have been a decrease in the next few quarters as a result of that purchase accounting requirement.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, I think that trend relative to overall share should be favorable with the adoption of the 10 terabyte. We also see the trend of petabyte growth moving to the high end of the range. So we would see the general demand situation in that group of customers as being steady and running at a slightly to the high end of the petabyte growth range, so approaching 40% is what you got to think about.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, first is seasonality. We see it slightly higher, sort of a 48/52 on across the calendar year relative to petabyte linearity in the year. So heavier in the back half than the first. Yeah, I think my statements around 10 terabyte were interpreted correctly. I think we have ceded, as you might expect, some 8 terabyte share as our major competitor ramped. We think we're in a leading position on 10 terabyte, which will benefit us in the back half of the year.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, I'll comment a little bit. Well, two things. One is we see the tightness through the end of the year, so that will have a benefit relative to bit price. We won't comment on the specifics of that. The way we also see it a little longer term, and this really relates to a new industry model, if you will, is the rate of bit cost decline is going to move into a regime that will center around a 20% or so per year we think. Barring supply/demand dynamics, that's the way the broader market should begin to look at the industry as we proceed into the 3D NAND era.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so in addition to sort of the general base of cost advantage that Steve just described, it really allows us to allocate sooner and a larger amount of 3D NAND into our broad product base. So we're going to apply it where it gives us most value first, which are our higher density applications or products. So you can imagine what those are, both classes of SSD and certain classes of off-embedded will benefit directly from that. So our ability to bring those products into the market sooner and at higher volume is the general way to think about that.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so just thinking about it, I think the things to think about by segment, PC growth has moderated in terms of the declines. We've seen that flatten out. That's helpful as we enter into the second half as we see normal seasonality give us a little bit of a boost. I talked already about what our thoughts are around capacity enterprise. That will continue to be an area of growth within the hard drive segment. The other area to comment on is performance enterprise. We do see that continuing to have pressure from SSD. So there's been a downward trend in that market. We expect on a year over year basis something in the 25% range. And then lastly, gaming is up seasonally given the traditional holiday seasons, the current quarter is a high volume quarter for gaming. So that's a way to kind of dimension the HDD world. Within the broader solid state markets, I think I made reference to this in my comments. We're really seeing strong demand across all segments: embedded, client SSD, and ESSD or enterprise SSD. It's sort of as expected, but growth continues.
Michael D. Cordano: That's a long-term commentary and it's enabled by the 3D NAND transition in both initially and then subsequent generations.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, I think as we stated, we're going to do that through product life cycle adjustments. So we are not going to retroactively go back to existing products shipping to customers. So that's going to happen over the course of time. And really largely sort of 18 months and beyond we'll start to see that take more effect.
