Steve Milligan: Thank you, Peter and good afternoon, everyone. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer and Bob Eulau, Chief Financial Officer.We ended fiscal 2019 with a significantly expanded market presence in both capacity enterprise and client SSDs and began building momentum for our enterprise SSDs. The Western Digital team maintained its focus on execution, further improved operational efficiency and delivered the strongest product portfolio in the company's history. We accomplished all of this in the midst of various challenges on both the market and geopolitical fronts.In hard drives, we continue to focus on the higher growth, higher margin portion of the market, namely capacity enterprise. Our technology leadership demonstrated by our 14-terabyte drive combined with the breadth of our portfolio across a range of capacities enabled us to gain market share. In flash, we doubled our client SSD exabyte shipments due to the strength of our portfolio.I'm also pleased that our latest enterprise NVMe product is commencing its revenue ramp in the current quarter at both major hyper scale and OEM customers, positioning us for strong growth in this area in fiscal 2020 and beyond. In May, we announced a formal agreement with our flash JV partner, Toshiba Memory Corporation, to jointly invest in the K1 fab. This new facility will provide needed space for the continued transition to future 3D flash technologies.On the cost front, we accelerated the streamlining of our hard drive manufacturing footprint. We also made significant progress in lowering our operating expenses, and Bob will provide additional details. In terms of our June quarter performance, overall results were within the expectations we provided in April. In hard drives, the ongoing customer transition to our 14 terabyte capacity enterprise drive drove meaningful sequential revenue growth.In flash, revenue declined sequentially as an improved product mix was more than offset by weak pricing. Our expectation for a stronger demand environment for the second half of calendar year 2019 remains intact for both our flash and hard drive products.Before I hand the call over to Mike, I want to provide some comments on three additional topics, Huawei, the Yokkaichi JV fabs and flash inventory. Effective May 16, the US Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security or BIS added Huawei to its entity list. Western Digital stopped shipments to Huawei at that time. After discussions with the Commerce Department on the relevant laws and regulations, we determined that the entity list regulations do not apply to products that were previously qualified for Huawei and we started resuming shipments of those products to Huawei in mid-June. Western Digital's business activities that are subject to the entity list restrictions remain on hold. But we have applied for the BIS for a license to resume those activities.Turning to the Yokkaichi fabs, an unexpected power outage occurred on June 15, affecting production operations at the flash fabrication facilities operated by TMC. Since that event, the Western Digital and TMC teams have worked diligently on recovery activities. And as of now, nearly all of the equipment in the fabs has returned to normal operations. Consistent with our prior comments, the disruption to fab operations caused a loss of approximately 6 exabytes of wafer output for Western Digital, with most of the wafer output impact expected to be contained in the September quarter.As Mike will explain, we anticipate we will be able to largely mitigate any revenue impact for the September and December quarters. With respect to flash inventory, based on recent industry announcements, and a stronger demand environment, we estimate that any excess inventory will be substantially reduced by the end of this calendar year. It's still too early to characterize it as a trend, but we are seeing a more stable pricing environment for our flash business.In summary, we are successfully navigating dynamic market conditions. Our hard drive business is performing well and we believe that the flash market has reached a cyclical trough. The secular trends of data growth and its increasing value, key drivers of our business opportunities are strong. Our continued transformation into a data infrastructure company is on solid footing and we look forward to reporting on our progress. I want to thank the Western Digital team and our partners for their ongoing support.With that, I will now ask Mike to share our business highlights.
Steve Milligan: Yeah. So Aaron, I'll address that and then Mike and Bob can add a little bit of color. In terms of HDD gross margins, if you go back historically, I know you're well familiar with us, Aaron, that we would normally expect our gross margins to be in the low kind of 30% range, say 31%, 32%. So we're operating below where we'd like to be. And we would expect that as we move through the balance of this year, and certainly into 2020, we would see our gross margins begin to move more back into that range. And so that's kind of our expectation from that standpoint.Flash, I would say that, will be similar performance, maybe slightly down to -- it kind of hard. But range, let's say roughly similar to where we're at right now, a lot of that's going to depend upon the pricing environment. And we're seeing a more stable pricing environment from what we've seen over the last several quarters. And we would expect that as we move through the balance of fiscal 2020, we will see an improving gross margin profile on our flash business as well.
Steve Milligan: I’d just add one thing. The other thing I mentioned is on the flash side, we are expecting improvement, but we do have a headwind of the K1 startup costs, which we saw some in the fourth quarter, will see again in the first quarter and throughout this fiscal year.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so as I talked about in my script, Aaron, this has really impacted the mobile category. And it's both some impact to the geopolitical activity, but also some choices around business that we didn't see was favorable from a profitability standpoint or lower ASP. So the two of those drove the bit shipment delta on our side. And obviously, we think we've got more interesting places to spend our bits as we progress through the calendar year.
Steve Milligan: Okay, on an overall basis, I think the way we look at end market growth, certainly we see strength in data center across both HDD and flash, as we get into the back half of the year. We think there's growth possibilities, both at the market level and specifically for us. We also see continued resilience and normal, cyclical demand flowing through the historical PC category. So we see that trend continuing to be good, both in terms of unit demand, but also in terms of capacity mix of that demand. And generally speaking, mobile is on a relative basis, stronger in the second half than it was in the first half. So I think that's the general theme. So we do see normal seasonality across markets that tend to behave that way. And then obviously, the data center is continuing to show robust capital spending expectations moving forward.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so I think you're about right. And that's really reflective of our growth. We do see general strength in the market, but I think we're growing at a faster rate than the rest of the market.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, I think there's some positive impact in the December quarter and it will sort of accelerate as we move forward.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so I think -- the way we think about that, and I think it's essential to Huawei combine these assets, there will be reasonably long tail on client HD assets, both 2.5 and 3.5. But what we've seen as we move back into this pricing regime is this sort of continued predicted penetration of SSDs into what was historically the HD part of the PC market. So that continues sort of as planned. Obviously, with the adjustment we made in our manufacturing footprint, was in recognition of that. So I think from our standpoint, things are generally progressing as planned. And we're well situated to take advantage of that shift from one to the other, maintaining sort of the profit delivery of the HDD business as it moves into its later stages within the PC segment, but grow within the SSD transition on the other side.
Steve Milligan: Yeah. So I think one of the things to think about is we focus very carefully on relative capacity share. I think we remain in a quite competitive position. The short term decisions we’ll make based upon sort of economic and current market conditions we see is more tertiary. Right. So ultimately, we were comfortable with the decision we made several quarters ago to run underutilized that brought us into the middle of the year with a better overall inventory position than we would have otherwise had. And ultimately, we're able to place our bets in a way that gives us a better overall economic outcome.
Steve Milligan: We're going to see growth in both hard drive and in NAND. I don't know if we’re going to get too specific on the markets, but it's going to show good growth in both areas.
Steve Milligan: This is Steve. Let me address that in a broader sense. We expect, as we move through fiscal 2020 that our gross margins for both hard drives and flash will improve, resulting in increasing earnings as we move through fiscal 2020.
Steve Milligan: Yes, in a literal sense. But asset with a specific dynamics are, we expect that our gross margins will continue to improve for both hard drives and flash as we move through fiscal 2020. Also, with the expense reductions and other things that we would see an increasing and improving EPS performance as we move through fiscal 2020.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so good question and we're very focused on cash generation right now. And I do expect we'll see improvement. We're not going to give a forecast for free cash flow for next year. But we're definitely expecting to generate cash. And as I mentioned, there are some timing benefits for us with respect to CapEx next year. So I think it'll be a pretty good cash generation year.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so we talked about that in my prepared remarks. Big crossover happens as we exit this quarter in September. That’s the 96 layer. So the total bit output crossover point happens in n September.
Steve Milligan: We expect that we will have sufficient demand for the bits that we will be generating this quarter and beyond in the near term. We expect to be fully sold out in that regard.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, so I think what we've talked about was, we see core strength through the end of this year, and as best we can tell into the second half of our fiscal year, so first half of calendar year. So anything beyond that is a little outside of our normal visibility.
Steve Milligan: Yeah, I think degree of strength, we sort of talked to in our guide. So we think we're going to be above the 30% growth rate this year. So it's been strengthening as the year has progressed. And I really think it's heading back towards that average of 40% year-on-year sort of growth.
Steve Milligan: Well, in general, we have increasingly good visibility because of the evolving sort of maturity of the cloud providers. So often, just the sort of operational engagement with them gives us a better view into their plans. And of course, in some instances, we've even got commercial arrangements that give us a very good feel for their intentions. We have one particular case where we actually are paid to carry some inventory for continuity supply reasons. And that gives us a very good feel for their deployment plans. And so it's really that that allows us to do it. And as you say, as capacities grow, there isn’t a lengthening lead time. So that's important for us to have, but obviously over time, we want to counter that lead time lengthening with best time improvements that help shorten our cycle time.
Steve Milligan: Alright, well, thank you all for joining us and we look forward to continuing our dialog. Have a great rest of the day.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. And Aaron, let me just add, and Bob mentioned this. So in our desktop category, so the so the drag in the quarter just reported is really we're in the midst of a product transition on desktop and surveillance. So that was a drag to HDD margin. And just to reiterate what Steve said, we expect to see trending up sequential HD margin in the back half of this year and beyond.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. And Aaron, I mean, you can -- you'll notice this as well, our sequential ASP decline in the flash area was meaningfully lower than other’s reported numbers which there's a direct correlation in terms of that data point, and our participation in the mobile segment.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. And the relative the Huawei, we have resumed shipment, as we noted in the prepared remarks. But during the time when we see shipment to Huawei, they moved their sourcing requirements to some of our international competitors that were not impacted by the entity list and so when we subsequently resumed shipment, it was at a reduced rate that contemplated them, sourcing components from other competitors.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. And I would just -- to quibble a little bit with your choice of wording, I would not say that we seeded market share in the mobile market, we determine that at the prices that were in effect, it did not make economic sense to take that business. And so it was an economic decision that went into that as opposed to the seeding of market share.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. So let me talk about flash. So I think it is reasonable to assume that on every -- on a normalized basis, our flash margin mix will help us on the margin rate. Obviously, to the comment Steve made, we expect the overall margin rate on flash and HDD to continue to migrate in a positive direction through the year. Same goes for HDD, as the capacity enterprise becomes an increasingly large part of our output, we see an upward trend on mix as it affects market.
Mike Cordano: I think we're going to see sort of, our long term sort of rate is 40% year-over-year exabyte growth. We obviously have seen a down year this year, but we expect to return over time to roughly that 40% annualized growth.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. Now, yes, and that is a industry number. And obviously, our performance at least in the short term, we're out performing.
Mike Cordano: Yeah, I don't think it's going to impact our production volumes at all. As I mentioned, we are going to benefit from the timing of the capital deployment next year. So we'll have the capital deployed, and we're not expecting to pay for all of it within the year.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. So I think the offset is to some modest degree, enterprise SSD, which as we discussed, will resume growth in the back half of the calendar year, first half of the fiscal year.
Mike Cordano: Yeah. And then I don't know if that helps a little bit. But, we had been talking about second half strength in terms of hyperscale demand. I mean, frankly, since the beginning of the year, I would say that our level of conviction regarding that has remained pretty constant as we've moved through this calendar year and remains at a high level. So, we've got pretty good confidence that previous comments that we've made in that regard remain in effect.
Mike Cordano: And one of the things I'll add a little bit of color on that, I've been around a little bit longer than Bob. So I can probably add a little bit more. But, I think, one of the things that we learned having gone through the up and down cycle of the flash cycle is that because we're expecting that things are going to improve, we talked about a cyclical trough in terms of the flash market, what we want to do is we want to drive for efficiency, as we are going through an up cycle, and not add back expenses that were previously taken out through the down cycle. That's not necessarily a promise that we will drive below this $740 million. But we're going to continue to drive for efficiency as the demand and pricing environment improves.
Bob Eulau: Yeah. Thanks Wamsi for the question. So actually, at the beginning of year, what we do is we forecast the tax rate that we're going to experience for the fiscal year. And we actually have a very good setup here as our profit improves. But right now, given where our profitability is at, we have certain minimum tax payments that we have to make in some jurisdictions around the world, so that's why the rate is somewhat inflated as our profitability improves, as we move forward, we're expecting the rate to come down.
Bob Eulau: Yeah. And the other thing is that, putting aside what it'll do to margins, it also allows us to diversify and de-risk our placement of bits going forward.
Bob Eulau: Yeah, so let me clarify both, the 20% and the 30%. If we look at the consumption of bits by our customers, and this is an industry statement, it would be in that 30% range. Well, we're talking about the 20%. That is our estimate of industry growth and supply. The difference between the 30% and the 20% is consumption of industry inventory, which we estimate will be largely back in balance, as we exit this calendar year.
Bob Eulau: Industry in the supply chain, whether it's inventory on ours and our competitors’ books, or if inventory that was built up either in the channel or at our customers.
Bob Eulau: Well, the team has done a lot of work in terms of getting the cost structure in place this year. And, we're, as I mentioned, going to have the cost structure we want from an OpEx standpoint in the December quarter, probably would have had it in September, had it not been for the 14th week, I don't know that we're going to see a lot of opportunity to reduce from there and continue to execute the roadmap, which we're pretty pleased with.
