John F. Coyne: Okay, Scott, actually we indicated that we would be back to pre-flood capacity in the September quarter. And we believe that the suppliers and the supply chain will be back to pre-flood capacity during the June quarter.
John F. Coyne: Yes. I mean it's splitting hairs really, but we will be -- we think -- we expect to be at 100% of capacity in the September quarter. So yes, exiting the June quarter, we'll have to be getting to that run rate.
John F. Coyne: I think the fundamental difference in a post-flood recovered era versus pre-flood is that we will have created a more robust and more geographically dispersed supply chain, which will have some intrinsic cost increases relative to pre-flood footprint. Additionally, in getting back the capacity wiped out by the floods, there's been significant incremental spending by ourselves and by our supply chain and by the industry supply chain in general. And so we expect that, that incremental investment will be reflected in the costs that are carried forward into the future. So we think that while there will be a gradual reduction of the pricing that's being driven by the imbalance between supply and demand in a stabilized situation where inventories have been rebuilt throughout the chain to normal levels, which we anticipate will be in the first half of 2013 calendar year. That when prices stabilize in that environment, we expect they will be at a higher level than pre-flood due to the incremental costs that I just outlined.
John F. Coyne: I expect ultrabooks to have both hard drives, traditional hard drives and hybrid hard drives and SSDs. So I think there will be, depending on the specific version of ultrabook, you will see all 3 solutions and even in certain models, choices between those solutions in the same model. And we think that the SSD penetration profile will be in very low single digits in a mature ultrabook environment. And then we see an emerging position for hybrids a little early to develop a view on exactly what percentage of penetration, but we see hybrids as a very compelling alternative on the performance side to solid state on bang for the buck. And we anticipate that in large capacity environments, traditional hard drives will continue to be the compelling solution.
John F. Coyne: Yes. I mean I just can repeat what we said earlier. We had a $69 ASP in the December quarter, which included pre-flood pricing that was significantly lower than that. So you can expect that our post-flood pricing was in the 70s, and we'll be guiding to a revenue guidance that includes somewhere in the $64 to $65 range, and that includes some adjustments between the channels.
John F. Coyne: I think we want to take a look at, as the market builds back and gets close to a balance between supply and demand, we will be able to get a closer look at true demand, true end-market demand unconstrained by supply. And then as we have done for years, we'll make appropriate decisions on capacity expansion based on the market demand as we perceive it at that time, recognize that we can typically offer a stable base. We can add capacity at a pretty rapid lick should we judge that the market requires it.
John F. Coyne: We've been extremely encouraged by the level of support from our OEMs, and indeed from our broader customer base. But in particular, our major OEMs have been extremely supportive of WD through these challenges, continue to press us to return to pre-flood capabilities as soon as possible. The award of business, the award of share is something that you execute every day in order to earn from your customers. We have consistently done that over the last 12 years. We will work to store our capacity and continue to work at delighting our customers and presenting them with an exceptional value they can get nowhere else in the industry. And I can't say enough to thank our customers for their support and encouragement as we build back our capability.
John F. Coyne: Well another little piece of information, I mentioned as I referred to our petition to vacate that arbitration award, I said we would file it promptly. I can confirm that we have filed the petition since the start of this call. And we believe that the -- when that goes to court, as the court reviews that and considers the law, that the arbitration award will be vacated on that basis. We have made no accrual for that award in the current accounts. So that -- I guess you have -- paying is in our belief does not arise. We can't assure you of success, but that's our position today.
John F. Coyne: No. The -- one of the things that we've indicated for many years in maintaining our strategy of sourcing heads internally and a significant proportion externally was the management of risk. And as we saw in the floods where we were dependent for slider fab of internal to a very significant extent in that one facility at Bang Pa-in, our long-standing relationship and strategic decision to have a significant external source now stands us in very good stead. As we ramp that external source to support us while we bridge to bring back up capacity in our own facilities so that we can ramp demand back up to full production. So the -- basically, we've indicated that we allocated those available heads both internal and external to a mix of product, which was about 8% to 10% mix down in the December quarter versus September quarter.
John F. Coyne: We don't really know yet. Seagate gave some indication of their expectations for March capacity. We've just given an indication. We don't yet understand what Hitachi and Toshiba may be capable of, given their progress with supply-chain rebuild, et cetera. So what we do know is that there's going to be a significant shortage between the supply capability of the industry and its supply base and the demand pattern in the quarter, which comes on top of now a defined shortfall last quarter if we accept that the true TAM, the true demand was in the 175 million to 180 million range, and we know the industry shipped 119 million. So there's 50 million units shortfall there and another 11 million that was squeezed out of the overall supply chain by our estimation. We think there'll be some -- some of the small amount of remaining inventory will be squeezed out of the March supply line, as well as whatever the industry manages to ship in. But in any event, there's going to be a significant shortage gap between those 2 numbers.
John F. Coyne: I think we've consistently targeted that percentage to be about 20% with a range around that. But depending on circumstances, it goes plus, minus 5% to 10%, right? So the -- and that model is going to continue into the long-term future.
John F. Coyne: Well we have several full approvals, we have several conditional approvals, conditional approvals from EU, Japan and Korea, and we continue to work with the FTC in the U.S. and with China to gain approval there. And we believe that we will be in a position to meet the conditions of the approvals granted by the authorities that have granted conditional approvals so far. And we believe that we will achieve approvals from the -- to China and the U.S. before March.
John F. Coyne: We don't have insight into the terms of any Seagate LTAs. We believe that customer share is earned day by day with execution on value. We're focused on that, working with our customers to rapidly recover our position as soon as we can. The current conversations with our customers indicate that they are very desirous of that situation. And our problem is not agreements, our problem is internal execution to be able to satisfy our customer needs, and we're focused on improving our execution and building our capacity to supply our customers.
John F. Coyne: Well I mean we've had LTAs with multiple customers for many, many years. They generally provide an outline under -- of the terms and conditions, under which we will work with our customers. And indeed, we have LTAs with certain suppliers. And they provide a framework within which we execute. And the extent to which we execute effectively typically influences the overall level and profitability of the business we do.
John F. Coyne: Well I think, Cindy, Tim already indicated that the way we had traditionally managed our business and the way we'll continue to manage the business is that we manage transitions on areal density based on the needs of each specific market capacity point and the cost profile, cost crossover profiles between old and new ways of satisfying that capacity point. It's an area that WD has historically excelled at relative to results in the rest of the market, and we will continue to manage our business that way.
John F. Coyne: Well thank you, all, for joining us today and for your continued interest in WD. I want to again acknowledge the heroic effort by our employees and our supply partners in helping us achieve the progress we have thus far and to assure our customers and shareholders that we're working hard to return the company to its leadership position. Thank you very much.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. A couple of things to consider. First of all, the pre-flood ASPs for the units that we shipped was obviously lower than what we shipped from week 4 to week 13. There was some moderate mix down, probably 8% to 10% in the ASP. And if you take that into consideration, the ASP included in our guidance is down from the Q2 level. If you use the numbers we've provided, it's somewhere in the $64 to $65 area, and that's the result of us aligning pricing between channels.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I can't do that. Like we said, we have an ending cash balance of about $3.9 billion. We have arranged a term loan of $2.5 billion and an additional revolver available to us of $500 million. We will take out the current debt we have on the balance sheet, the $231 million. And then the cash that we'll transfer to Hitachi is just short of $3.5 billion. So with that in mind, we'll have a very solid cash balance after we consume the acquisition.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I think I mentioned earlier, Rich, we mixed down about 8% to 10% from September to December. And what Tim just indicated, there might be a slight mix down in the March quarter before we see the capacity of the drive going up again.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: In the next quarter, if you do take the numbers that we've provided, you can impute that, and you'll see that somewhere in the 29% to 30% range. A little bit early to talk beyond that time frame as we recover, and we're not changing our long-term business model right now. We're going to wait until we close the acquisition and until we're back to pre-flood capacity, and I will give you an update on that one.
Timothy M. Leyden: That's the pre-flood capacity that we were referring to is 58 million units, and 60% of 58 million units is 34.8 million.
Timothy M. Leyden: We actually had experienced a reduction during the course of the December quarter. We expect that it will be a further slight reduction in the March quarter and then, it will start to improve in the June quarter.
Timothy M. Leyden: As we have indicated, our targets that we have stated of 60%, 80% and 100% in the March, June and September quarters, that is a throughput number. And that's the indication of the capacity that we are planning in that period of time.
Timothy M. Leyden: Well as we've indicated, the number -- the pricing number that we had in December was, it came out at $68, $69. And we have forecast, that it would come down slightly during the course of the current quarter, and that's more of an alignment by channel. And so we have taken that into account. And as John indicated earlier on, we are -- it's more a question of aligning supply with demand and also of satisfying the needs of our customers. So consequently, there will be a cost increase, as John also indicated, and that cost will be reflected in the pricing once things settle down. But at the moment, there's a pretty significant deficit between supply and demand, and we're taking that into account as best we can, make the assumptions at this point in time, and that's we're reflecting.
Timothy M. Leyden: Yes, in my prepared remarks, I addressed that. I indicated that we are extending capacity and capability into Malaysia in order to spread that risk.
Timothy M. Leyden: Yes, the near-line market was down quite a bit in the last quarter, significantly constrained, we would say supply-wise because there was some bleeding of inventory as well. It went down from 6.8 million to 5.3 million, I believe. So that continues to be short. There is a lot of demand, cloud-related demand in that market. And we continue to service as much of it as we can, and we'll continue to do so.
Timothy M. Leyden: As we get back to full production capacity, we expect to be able to match the mix exiting the June quarter.
