Timothy Leyden: I'd have to ask the board about going private, but we are obviously evaluating what's the best way to use our cash at all times. We believe that we have an inclination towards utilizing cash operationally and strategically because we believe that that's the option that offers the best return to the shareholders in the long term.Richard Kugele – Needham & Company, LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Timothy Leyden: I think very consistently part of our business model is to consistently and continuously reduce cost through efficiency improvements and by design, and that process is alive and well and we're focused on continuing to accomplish that as we move forward. I think if you look at the long-term cadence of the industry, we've consistently expanded margins as we move through the last decade, and we've done that. Half of that has been driven by growth of our business and the other half has been driven by our vertical integration of our business and efficiency and cost efforts. And so we started out at the beginning of the decade '01, '02 averaged 12% gross margin; '03, '04 was 16; '05, '06 was 18; '07 and '08 was 19; '09 and '10 was 21. So, we've seen a continuous expansion in margins at the same time that we've seen north of 20% compound annual revenue growth throughout that period.Ananda Baruah –Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: All right, thanks.
Timothy Leyden: And we would expect to continue to exercise the same model on the same underlying market demand that as we move forward.
Timothy Leyden: Yes.Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities USA, Inc.: And my second question is really just digging in more to this demand outlook The year outlook was lower than Seagate's, which was much lower than Intel's and Dell, and other people who have given an outlook recently. So I'm just trying to tie out – you're implying somewhere of the 15% annual year-year unit kind of increase versus those other kind of larger guys saying 20%. And they're all talking about better corporate builds offsetting this weaker back-to-school so – why I guess – why do you think it's something differently to you than they're saying outside the rest of them Wall Street? I guess that's the question number one.
Timothy Leyden: There's some commercial on boats, too. But commercial has a large component of desktop in it and typically they are regionally assembled and the drives are air freighted into those locations.
John Coyne: Well, I think, the requirements for stabilizing pricing and continuing to work on efficiency and cost and thereby expanding margin that typically is a cyclical process. Once demand exceeds the baseline build plans of the drive industry, we'll begin to see that dynamics kick in. What we – [inaudible] it's quite possible that as we see the actual back-to-school sell through happening, that we will see the normal, seasonal uptick in the late-August, early-September timeframe and I believe if we see a strong sell through and back-to-school, that will inject confidence into the planning and demand profiles of our customers as we head into the holiday season-demand period. So, it's quite possible that we'll see that in the very late FQ1 and through FQ2.Ananda Baruah –Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Thanks, that's helpful. And I guess just as we think about gross margin dynamics for the September quarter, you mentioned I think it was four things. I think price, and then channel mix, segment mix, and then number four is volume as impacting the June quarter gross margins. Is that the same order that we should think about them or I guess order of magnitude? How should we think about what's going to impact gross margins in this December quarter.
John Coyne: Okay, so the European situation, the pause, that has helped for a number of weeks was when they – currency was fluctuating mostly in a downward direction as far as they were concerned. So, consequently, they were unsure about what to do as they grappled towards having to buy goods that were denominated in dollars and had to operate on the market to the end-user at a fixed price point. So, they were concerned, they had uncertainty so they have hesitated to refill our pipeline. And when the currency fluctuations settle downed a bit, they did come back into the market and started refilling their pipeline, but at a muted [ph] level versus what would have been normal, otherwise. And the second question is the Hoya gross margins? As we've indicated it to be mildly accretive is the terms we used. And that is based upon the fact that we've fallen a little behind our model of it internal versus external and in getting back to our model, which the Hoya acquisition will help us to do, it will add something in the region of about 0.5% just going through [inaudible] to gross margins in the longer term.
John Coyne: Well, it's not so much drives on boats as systems on boats. And I think there's a little bit of a standoff going on there. But the OEMs are waiting to see the back-to-school before they decide fully what to do for the holiday. And that may force some of the holiday to the air freighted. And that seems to be a preference for them to look at a more assured build plan for the holiday, based on knowledge of the back-to-school sell-troughs than shaving the little bit of incremental margin and pre-committing themselves by building a product early and putting them on boats.Kevin Hunt – Hapoalim Securities USA, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
John Coyne: I think the capacity is a little ahead of that number. The real issue is what each company decides to do relative to utilization of capacity.Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Okay. Which one player in particular, I guess? The second question and is – I just want to see if I can get your take on the status of the collective and broader inventory. You've talked about some of the different piece parts, but if you try to characterize not only what's in the channel but also what will end up on the balance sheet of the vendors and even guesses on OEMs. I'm just trying to understand what the balance is of inventory today. Seagate referred to a specific number when they talked about 5 million incremental drives, but I want to get your take on the balance of the inventory.
John Coyne: Disti [ph] is about five weeks for us and for the industry. When you include both the inventory on hand at the distributors, components inventory on hand at the distributors and in transit that they already own.Keith Bachman – Bank of Montreal: Great. Okay. Thanks very much.
John Coyne: The best point that we have is to mismatch the loose there between the movement in market size from December to March, where drivers were off then at 2% but PCs were down 7%.
John Coyne: That's correct. Substantially, all of the expense for litigation related to the nightsel [ph] lawsuit described in our previous SEC filings. We do not or did not admit any liability. However, we settled in order to avoid the expense and distraction and uncertainty of ongoing litigation.
John Coyne: Well, I mean, that's about as much a bit that half percent is about as much as we're going to say. But it has an important benefit to us, and that its secures supply for us. And of course, it gets us back to our model on internal versus external. Those are two critical things for us.
John Coyne: Well, you have to put yourself in position of the players in the market. This is not an old boy's club. It's a competitive commodity market place, and we didn't grow revenue by 22% annually for the last five years and by 20% annually over the last 10 years by sitting back and relaxing. We did it by providing exceptional value to our customers in quality, reliability, desirable products, availability of product and price. And then on the other side of that we expanded our gross margins throughout that process, where we went from 10% market share to over 30% market share. At the same time that we expanded our margins from 12% to 21%. So I think what we're seeing is that the third large player who has significantly improved internal execution and capability over the course of the last few years, and is now in a position to seek to grow just as we have been and are. And so the real issue is, have you got the right products, are you able to make them at the right cost to profitably grow your business on an ongoing basis in a market that offers a 15% annualized growth in demand? And if you can answer yes to all of those boxes, you got a great business, which grows consistently on revenue and profit, and returns great value to the shareholders of those businesses.
John Coyne: I mean it's been a rolling phenomenon across the major PC companies that as more and more competition has emerged from Asia, where the business models tend to require a smaller net margin, that has certainly caused all the traditional players to dig deeper looking for a lower cost, and Sea Freight is one element of that lower cost. But it does create a little bit less visibility into real demand because it extends the time between the decision to build and the actual sale.
John Coyne: Well, I mean the biggest one that we're looking at is macroeconomics. And whether the European recipe for recovery works and whether the U.S. stays on track, that's kind of the biggest dark cloud that we're continually looking at. And then the sunshine that's lurking behind that is the commercial refresh and the rate at which that progresses. And I guess there's a moon there as well which is the strength in Asia, which is significant.
John Coyne: And we're just – I mean, we're – our model is not solely driven by product refresh. Our model is driven by continuous provision of the demand that capacity points at the best mix of technologies that support continuous and ongoing cost reduction. So we're going to have to wrap it up now. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you and meeting with you in the months ahead. Thank you.
