David Goeckeler: Thanks Bob. As we close out fiscal year 2021, I am very pleased with how the Western Digital team successfully navigated dynamic market conditions brought on by the pandemic. While it has been a challenging time for all, we will continue to focus on driving innovation. When you combine the ramp of new innovation products into two very large and growing markets with our newly adapted organization structure, I am confident that our increased focus on execution will continue to propel us forward as the market leaders. Our diverse technology portfolio is the foundation of the data economy and our unique ability to see the entire storage market enables us to move across the technology landscape to meet customers' needs and be the solution for their evolving storage challenges. With careful consideration of the health and safety of our employees, we are also keeping a close eye on the status of COVID-19. In particular, there are certain parts of Asia seeing a spike in cases and we are working diligently to support our employees through this time. While it is a difficult situation, we will continue to navigate the complexities presented by the pandemic while we drive innovation for customers and value for shareholders. Let’s begin the Q&A session.
David Goeckeler: Hey Joe, good to hear from you. So, it's both. There’s no doubt there is shortage in controllers and I think what we are doing is mixing the portfolio to get the most out of the controllers we have, also a shortage of NAND as well. So I mean, we're mixing to get the best result we can, but there’s more demand than we are able to satisfy on the NAND side. So, it’s really, we are juggling both and balancing them to get the best result we can.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we are still juggling both of those things. Right? We have customers looking for upside, we are juggling that. Mixes is a little different from quarter to quarter as well. So yes, when you roll all that together is how you to get -- get to where we are at in Q1.
David Goeckeler: Yes, thanks, Aaron. So we did see very, very strong demand from the cloud and I think the product has been very well received. As we've talked about energy-assist is fully commercialized now. We saw very strong sequential growth of the AT&T product. We continue to see strong growth in the second half, working with our customers. We expect continued growth in the business. The long-term agreements, I think we're, I think, probably the best way to think about that as we're working through the first cohort of those and we expect to talk about the second cohort in the second half, and they're becoming more and more important, because getting visibility and the demand is very important, especially going forward is where we're thinking about how to invest in additional head capacity to support the growth of the business, just the exabyte growth. Chia was, maybe one way to think about that, it was hitting us kind of right where we were on the call was, I think the first week of it last quarter, probably a couple $100 million of upside there in the quarter due to Chia.
David Goeckeler: Yes, so it was an exceptional quarter on growth and there is tightness across both portfolios, there's no doubt about that. We were pushing the factories very, very hard to get every drive we could out of it, because there was demand for it. So when you look at it sequentially, we had a strong quarter and we were basically able to find sales for everything that we could produce. And, so going, so when you look at sequential growth, I guess it's not surprising that there's not a huge amount of top line growth there. But throughout the markets, we continue to, so hard drives we see strength in the cloud. We're seeing really good strength in kind of mid cap as well. It's not just at the top of the market. But on the flat side, again, we've got more customers looking for upside than we do the opposite. So the demand environment is good and we're doing the best we can to satisfy as much as they can with the components we have and with the NAND available.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Karl and the long term agreements, we kind of think about those as setting a baseline for volume and price. It doesn't mean that's going to be everything that goes into a certain customer, but it sets a baseline and gives us some visibility over multiple quarters. Like I said, we're kind of working our way through the first cohort of those, and we'll be looking at the second ones in the second half of the year. As I said, I do think they're becoming more important to give us the visibility we need on demand to make sure we make the right investments to support the exabyte growth.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I mean, there's always some natural conservatism, I think in anything we do. But we also, you know, there's a fair amount of leverage in the model in this quarter we saw when we overachieved on the top line and we get benefit from the tax rate. So and we also had a better pricing environment on drives than we expected, which is, which was great. We took advantage of it. I think we had a market situation that was very, very dynamic. And the team really did a good job of managing through that and getting the most out of that we possibly could. So it was a very dynamic quarter. And also, we're still managing through COVID, which is, there's still a lot of supply chain issues we're working through. I mean, we've been working through these for a long time now and we're very good at managing that. But there is still some risk out there because of that. And so we want to be prudent around the whole business, but we feel good about where we're at. We're very happy with the quarter. Like I said, I think we got the most out of a good situation and really, really driven by strong demand on the cloud and bringing innovation to market. I mean, I think that's the way I think about this. We brought energy-assist to market. We've been talking about it for many quarters now. We've been giving a lot of visibility into the -- to the qualification process, because it is new technology that's been worked on for a very, very long time. And I think our customers are responding very strongly to that and we saw that in the results and the sequential capacity enterprise, exabyte shipments of 49% to really a record level. So we feel really good about where the portfolio is at and customers are really responding to it.
David Goeckeler: We have a lot of operating leverage in our model and I think you saw that come into play this quarter. I mean, I think it was a really impressive improvement in terms of gross margin sequentially and a lot of what we saw on the pricing side did flow through. I mean, as we said, we saw a lot of demand on the channel driven by Chia in most cases, but across the board, we saw a good environment. And I think the team did a good job of reacting dynamically and trying to properly price the products as we went through the quarter. So we're going to continue to do that same kind of thing as we move forward and we are going to see cost takedowns. We had very good cost takedowns in Q4 on both the hard drive side and on the flash side, and as we keep price flat or even increase price, then that's obviously going to only help in terms of operating leverage.
David Goeckeler: Yes, at this point I think it's where they're at in the architectural evolution of their data center of how they're adopting the technology as far as qualification. So first of all, I mean, if you're building a cloud, you're most likely our customer. Hard drives are the lion's share of storage in the cloud. But we're seeing wide adoption, I guess, is the only way I can say it. I mean, it's our customers, different customers, will be at different part, different stages of their architectural evolution, some are going to 18 as fast as they can. Some are working through a 14 transition, let's say in the second half of the year, and then will move to 18. Some are going through 16. So at this point it is just a question of how they're all transitioning their data centers. Again, we saw really strong growth throughout the quarter and as Bob said, it's nearly half of our exabyte ship capacity, enterprise exabyte shipments were on 18. So we feel really good about where the product is and like I said, the innovation of energy-assist has been fully commercialized and has been well received by our customers.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Harlan, I was going to say same thing. I mean, we've got folks in the factories working overtime and to get every drive we can out I mean the team is obviously balancing the supply chain issues to get all the components we need, but we've got that covered in September. And so keeping again we're -- these are in places where COVID is a big deal and we've been really good about managing through that, but something got our eye on, but we're really pushing very hard to get all the components we can all the drives, we can.
David Goeckeler: Yes, in terms of our inventory and the turns around quite a bit on the hard drive side and I'd say relatively flat, maybe even slightly worse on the flash side and that see you all going through a nodal transition, it's not a big surprise there. So and the flow-through as you saw was up significantly during the quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes so a few questions in there. So first of all in terms of CapEx we exited FY 2021 around $3 billion in growth CapEx and that's what we're expecting again in FY 2022. We are well on our way in terms of the ramp on BiCS5 and in terms of the capital investment, and we will have to obviously continue to invest in both businesses. We've got two growing businesses and they are going to require capital going forward. On the hard drive side, we're at the point where we can no longer transition the assets from the client side of the business to the capacity enterprise business. And so that means we have to be pretty cautious in terms of investments we make. That's part of why we've done some of these long term agreements and we're going to continue to be very careful in terms of capacity we've put in place. And on the flash side, the goal as we've been saying is to really grow bits at the rate that the market is growing and we think over the long-term we will be able to do that.
David Goeckeler: Yes, it's a good question Shannon. And we are definitely facing inflationary pressures across the board and we've talked about the semiconductor components already on this call, and we're seeing lead times extend out. We're seeing challenges on the cost side as well. And we're going to -- we think we're going to face that across a number of different commodities. And also the discussion we need to have with our customers as well, and I think most of them are also facing inflationary pressures. So it's not something that you can work out in a single quarter, but I think over time we've got to make sure we're getting obviously an adequate return on investments we're making from a CapEx standpoint and the costs that we have in each of the products.
David Goeckeler: Yes, no, I think you got it. I mean, again we're running a portfolio across the four or five major pillars; enterprises, SSD, mobile, consumer and anchor the portfolio client SSD and then of course positions in gaming, IoT, automotive, but every quarter the mix is going to be different across that. And obviously the pricing is changing as different rates across those markets. We're clearly trying to shift as much as we can into the higher margin markets, but every quarter the mix is going to be a little bit different. And depending on what our commitments are, we have commitments to customers as to how much we're going to supply in any given quarter. So when you put that all together, the mix is a little different in Q1, and I think that's where you've got some of the difference coming from in the way you're thinking about it.
David Goeckeler: So I think the answer to that is, I don’t think the answer to that is yes. Let's go through each business. On the drive side we saw a big step up this quarter driven by a number of things. We've been talking about the 18-terabyte capacity point is much better for us for a number of quarters now and we saw that play out. We obviously got some benefit from Chi as well, but predominantly innovation led story from my perspective, but we believe this business inside our company needs to be more profitable. We've talked about it several times on this call. We're now looking at this transition from client capacity to capacity enterprise, nearliner enterprise drives that is -- that era is coming to an end. It's been a long one. It's been -- it's taken a decade to go through that transition, but when we look at the exabyte growth going forward that's going to take investment and we want that investment to be fully justified. So and again it's no surprise to me that now we're talking about these more longer-term agreements and again were early days in those, but those are the conversations with customers. I remember when I came in this business, whatever five quarters ago, everything was transacted on a quarterly or even within the quarter basis and now we're moving to -- in parts of the business multi-quarter basis and I think that will continue because we need more visibility into demand to make sure we can continue to fuel the growth of the cloud. I think the cloud is incredible technology. The seminal technology of our era as I talk -- as I like to say and continuing to fuel the growth there is very important and 35% exabyte growth is going to take investments and I think that's going to take, we're going to want to see the internals of our business be able to support that. And on the flash side we're going to, just one financial comment on that. We're also continuing to innovate in hard drives and drive cost down as well. I think we think about cost down is more in the flash business, but we also continue to drive in the drive business, so we have that dynamic working as well. And on flash, we all know about how dynamic the pricing environment is. We feel very good about our technology roadmap, we've talked about that. We're at the transition point to BiCS5. We feel good about that node as we transition to that over the next couple of quarters. We will see our bit growth accelerate and that that foundational investment with Kioxia I think puts us in a very good position to have the technology roadmap, just structurally support margins in the business. Yes, clearly a better pricing environment as we're seeing helps margins in that business. We expect it to be better next quarter, that's the way we're guiding. And as we looked even beyond the second half and we look into next year, we continue to see a strong demand environment that's getting out there pretty far, but from what our customers are telling us telling us of what they think the demand is going to be for their products. Like I said we are more technology dependent than ever. We continue to hear good things about what they're going be asking for next year. So structurally we think with the technology, with the innovation we're driving in both portfolios, that puts us in a good position to continue to drive profitability in these businesses.
David Goeckeler: Yes, the first one just quickly, very minimal contribution from Chia in the enterprise SSD market. Yes, we are happy with the sequential growth of the products, and we did complete a qualification at another cloud Titan, which is something we've had eyes on for a while and we've talked about. We haven't started ramping there yet, but we'll see that in the second half of the year. We also saw good demand in the channel on enterprise SSD. So we qualified with one of the very big players and we see continued growth there. We're seeing good acceptance in the channel and growth there and now we're layering in additional major customers as we go into the second half of the year. So we feel good about how the product is being accepted again. Lot of innovation in our products. We've being talking about that for many quarters, again giving visibility to the qualification process, and now we're well into the ramp and feel good about where we're at and where it's going and how it's being accepted by our customers.
David Goeckeler: I suspect we're picking up share as we grow, so I don’t think the market grew sequentially 39%. Again, we're focused on profitable share gains, but this has been a focus for us to get that product introduced. It's a very attractive market and get it qualified in as many places as we can. But we're going to continue driving for growth quarter over quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I mean as we -- I think as we've talked about, we're in this period in the hard drive business where it's been transitioning for a long time from a business that was client dominated to a business that is cloud dominated is I guess one way to think about it. And if we look at the utilization of our factories, you can see that very clearly, year-over-year the percentage of drives there were headed for the cloud versus the ones that are headed for clients has been steadily shifting over a decade and now we're at the point where we're looking at investments both in  and also when you build a bigger driver it takes longer to test, all those kinds of things, testing, capacity in the factory. So yes, as we go through those conversations, it's really important to understand from our customers what their growth is going to be. We see 30% to 35% exabyte growth in the cloud for the foreseeable future. We want to make sure that they see that same amount. And as we align on that growth and we invest in our business to support it, I think that's where this idea of long-term agreements come in place and to help drive the profitability for the business. We think the innovation is delivering, I mean it starts with delivering a product that is very, solves the customers problem and we're delivering a very strong TCO model with every generation of this product that we build. We're driving a lot of innovation. You know we talked about it here with energy-assist which is something that we've been working on for quite some time. And quite frankly it's a good accomplishment for the team, a great accomplishment. It feels good to take something that was an idea many, many years ago, and now turn it into something where the largest customers in the world are betting their business and their data center on that innovation. And so to continue to fuel that innovation engine we've got we got many, many innovations lined up to continue to drive the portfolio and making sure we can invest in that and meet the growth of our customers. Getting the economics of that right is very important.
David Goeckeler: Sure, thanks. Thank you. All right everybody thanks for your time today. We really appreciate it. We will be seeing you throughout the quarter. Thanks very much.
Robert Eulau: Hey, Toshiya, it's Bob. So in terms of the cost takedowns, we actually looked at it mostly year-over-year, and we were a little bit ahead of the 15% goal we have for year-over-year cost declines and continue to feel good about 15% as the long-term goal. We are starting the nodal transition. We did this past quarter to BiCS5 and we'll continue to ramp that hard through the second half. As Dave mentioned, we expect to get the crossover in the fourth calendar quarter. So I think in terms of costs, I think we're in a good place.
Robert Eulau: Hi, Karl, it's Bob. I'll start and then Dave can add in. But in terms of the guide on hard drives, we aren't actually guiding specifically by segment. We had really good gross margins on hard drives this quarter above 30% and we're expecting our gross margins to be above 30%, again in Q1 so we feel good about that. And, as we've said, we really want to continue to improve from here. We're going to be very judicious in terms of how we add capacity, because we want to continue to improve our margins over time.
Robert Eulau: So Mehdi, on gross margin, I mean, first of all, we're really pleased with the 5.2 percentage point increase we had in gross margin going from Q3 to Q4. And if you look at the guidance for Q1, it's a range of 33% to 35%. So it's at the midpoint, we're still expecting to see improving gross margin. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we're expecting hard drive gross margin to be above 30% again and in terms of the flash side, it will obviously improve, but the mix is different each quarter. And we're going to improve our gross margins and probably don't have quite as healthy a mix, as we had in Q4. But again, still feel really good about the guidance range and I think it will deliver very good margin and very good profitability.
Robert Eulau: No, it's really hard to say. I mean, as Dave said, I mean, particularly on that channel side, we shift a lot during the quarter. So our inventory levels are low there. If you really forced us to guess on the fourth quarter, maybe we missed out on $50 million to $100 million in revenue. But it's very hard to quantify what we would have been able to do had we had all the controllers that we wanted. And as we look at Q1, I mean, we're expecting to be able to manage through the supply chain challenges like we have for the last few quarters. And I don't really know, it's hard to quantify before we even get into the quarter what the supply issues may be, but we're going to we're going to work and it'll be a very dynamic environment and we feel good about the revenue guidance we gave.
Robert Eulau: Well, certainly on the hard drive side, I'm expecting we're going to have the same logistics challenges we've had for the last year or so. So you're going to have something in the neighborhood of 1.2, 1.3 percentage points of headwind on the hard drive side. And we have to continue to work through the COVID situation from a factory perspective and supply chain perspective. And as Dave said, we've been doing it for a lot of quarters now, but the situation is not good in Asia and we need to really, really make sure we're careful in terms of how we work through that.
Robert Eulau: Harlan, it is Bob. We're basically running at full capacity in the September quarter on the hard drive side, so it's not easy to get the parts and that's definitely true. But in the September quarter, I don't see it as a big factor. We'll see how that plays out as we get to the December quarter and beyond.
