David Goeckeler: Thank you, Peter. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining the call to discuss our 2023 third quarter results. Western Digital’s third quarter performance exceeded expectations with core metrics at the high-end of our guidance range, demonstrating the company's resilience in a challenging market environment. We reported third quarter revenue of 2.8 billion non-GAAP gross margin of 11% and a non-GAAP loss per share of $1.37. Over the last several years, our team is focused on enhancing business agility and delivering a range of innovative industry leading products that address the increasing data storage demands of our customers. The groundwork we laid combined with the actions we have taken since the beginning of this fiscal year to right size and refocus our business have enabled us to navigate a dynamic environment. I am pleased that we delivered non-GAAP gross margin at the higher-end of our guidance range due to strong execution across both our HDD and Flash businesses. In HDD, our early actions to streamline our manufacturing footprint and focus our product offerings on delivering the best value for our data center customers have resulted in gross margin upside and profitable market share gains in HDD. In Flash, our broad go to market strategy anchored on our enviable retail franchise in a strong client SSD portfolio enabled us to optimize bid placement and bolster gross margin. During the fiscal third quarter, we saw signs of demand stabilizing across various end markets. In consumer, Our flash and HD results were consistent with the expectations we shared in January. In client, demand for each major product area came in better than we expected across PC OEM, channel, mobile and gaming. In cloud, demand for capacity enterprise hard drives improved whereas the demand for flash drives was consistent with our expectations set in January. Before I jump into updates on our HDD and Flash businesses, I would like to reiterate that the strategic review process is ongoing and we will provide updates as we have them. I'll now turn to the business update starting with HDD. During the fiscal third quarter, our HDD revenue improved sequentially with growth in capacity enterprise offsetting seasonal declines in retail and client. During the quarter, our 22 terabyte CMR drive became the highest volume product among all of our 20 terabyte and above capacity points. Demonstrating our leadership position at this capacity point. In addition, we expect the complete qualification of our 26 terabyte Ultra SMR technology in the fiscal fourth quarter. These innovative products provide multi-generation benefits to our customers. Turning to Flash, total exabyte shipment came in higher than expected in consumer, mobile, PC OEM, and channel products. Despite the industry experiencing the worst downturn in over a decade, Western Digital delivered positive product gross margin, excluding underutilization charges, driven by our unique combination of premium retail brands, broad go to market channels, and low cost flash supply from our joint venture fab with Kioxia. Furthermore, we continue to see encouraging signs of price elasticity driven content growth in retail flash led by WD Black, SSD optimized for gaming, as well as mobile PC OEMs and channel within client. On the technology front, BiCS6 achieved its anticipated cost crossover during the quarter. Moreover, on March 30, Western Digital and Kioxia announced our next generation BiCS8 node, a groundbreaking technology that builds upon the success of BiCS5 and BiCS6. This new technology is based on circuit bonded to array architecture, which provides several benefits, including reduced cycle time faster yield ramp, better or lateral scaling, and industry leading IO performance when compared to products based on circuit under array architecture. We continue to aggressively productize BiCS8 for a broad range of applications, which will position Western Digital for success as business conditions improve. As we look to the fiscal fourth quarter, in hard drives, overall demand will be impacted by ongoing inventory digestion at cloud customers and a sustained decline in client. However, we are beginning to experience improved demand at certain customers in China. In Flash, we are seeing signs of stabilization and content increase per unit. PC OEMs have emerged from inventory digest and are now shipping closer to end demand. Gaming will remain strong, while enterprise SSD for cloud applications will remain soft. We anticipate modest growth in bit shipments into the fiscal fourth quarter. Before I hand the call over to Wissam, I would like to thank the Western Digital team for the response efforts they made in addressing the network security incident we disclosed on April 2nd. Our team took proactive and precautionary measures to secure our operations and successfully executed on our business continuity plans. With that, I'll turn it over to Wissam.
David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Over the past few quarters, we have successfully ramped a series of industry-leading storage products and commercialized innovative technologies, while concurrently rightsizing our cost structure. Our proactive actions have positioned Western Digital favorably for the future as demand gradually returns to normal levels. In closing, I would like to thank our team members for their unwavering commitment in advancing innovative products and driving operational efficiency. Their exceptional efforts have allowed Western Digital to deliver in [Technical Difficulty] to the dedication and support of our people worldwide, and we remain committed to upholding the highest ethical standards in all that we do. Okay. I look forward to your questions. Let's open it up.
David Goeckeler: Inventory correction there is mostly behind us. Our channel business performed really well this past quarter, I think, above what our expectation was. The inventory issue is still very much in data center and it's very lumpy. We have some big cloud customers that are consuming. We have others that are really in a full inventory digestion and aren't taking anything. So that market is still where we see a lot of inventory digestion going on. And I expect that to be lumpy for the next couple of quarters. We are seeing some signs of stabilization in China. We talked about that. I think it's setting up for recovery in the second half of the year, a lot more activity around RFPs and discussions about what demand is going to look like the second half. So, that's a bit – an overview of where we see the market. I think on your numbers, you're probably down a little more than we are on HDD. I think that's probably more a single-digit kind of number on a sequential basis.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Well, let's talk about for each business. I mean, I think in HDD and I'm sure Wissam will have a little bit to add here as well. HDD, which is the smaller part of the number, but still significant we're going to see a drop in volume next quarter. So, we'll see some underutilization there. On the Flash side, we continue to underutilize the fab. We're managing it in a very dynamic way, kind of week-to-week month-to-month to make sure we've fully understand demand and keep our inventory in a position where we want it. And so – but we will definitely see underutilization on both sides of the business next quarter.
David Goeckeler: So, Joe with respect to our LCM charges, we do it at the finished good product level. It is not pulled.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I mean, I think there's always price pressure in this market Aaron, but we've been very disciplined about the value of our products. I think you – one of the things we feel very good about is, we've been investing in our HDD roadmap, things like OptiNAND, ePMR, UltraSMR, these products are really now starting to ship in volume. We talked about the 22-terabyte CMR drive was the highest volume drive at 20 and above. So, we feel very good about where the portfolio is, about where it's going. We've got a number of very large customers qualifying SMR right now. That's clearly the next step in the data center, our UltraSMR product there, the 2016, we talked about we'll finish up calls this quarter and start deploying next quarter. So, we feel like we've got a portfolio that is aligned with what the market needs. And that's showing up in, kind of how we're able to monetize that portfolio and not have to compete on price. So, future technologies like HAMR will be there. We're still are ways away before that product is going to be a volume type product. The volume products are the 22s going and then SMR are going to be the big volume products over the next couple of years and after that we'll get to HAMR. We feel confident about that technology. It's been in development for a long time. We're in the final stages of it as an industry and I think everybody is excited that it will be the roadmap for 30 and above when we need it.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we've been very transparent about that incident. When we noticed it, we let folks know, we took our – we basically disconnected ourselves from the public Internet to protect ourselves and then restore the environment. We still have capabilities inside the companies and the factories were operational throughout that. Clearly, a tremendous amount of work by the team, but we feel like we're nearly all the way back now as far as operation. We got to bring the store online in here in another week or so, but it was really, really good to see our business continuity plans, you don't want to rely on them too often, but when we had two, they were there and they kept the company moving forward.
David Goeckeler: I would say, we have – I mean obviously we have very robust conversations with our customers all the time. I wouldn't pin the tone of conversations on to how any one particular player in the market is acting or what they're doing. We stay very focused on our business. As far as where is the bottom, I mean we expect the market to come into balance as we go through the second half of the year. I think we're clearly taking a lot of actions in our own business to closely manage it, supply and demand. Keep the utilization of the fab close to where demand is. So, we manage our inventory. Clearly, we're going through one of the most severe downturns in a while, but we think as we move through the second half of the year the market will come into balance.
David Goeckeler: We're doing analysis on that, Mehdi. What I would say is, to me – I'll even go a little longer-term, bigger picture. This just reinforces the value of stored data. I think that it just seems like there's this constant ways for people can figure out how to use all the data they've stored to do very productive things with it. And I think the latest is training these AI engines. And so, we just think it's another element of the long-term value of data storage and it's just a big secular tailwind for the HDD business and the enterprise SSD business. I mean, again, you know that they're both – they both have big TAMs in the data center, and they're both growing. And we think this is another reason why people will store more data is because they can monetize it in different ways in the future.
David Goeckeler: I think it will – HDD is the lion's share of storage in the cloud. So, you would expect that's where the bigger lift would be across those two technologies.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We've been very – obviously, we've been – one of the things we've been building into the business over the last several years as we've restructured the business is more agility and the ability to proactively respond to the market we're in. I think that's kind of the hallmark of the organization we're trying to build is agile and dynamic. But clearly, on top of that, Shannon, we went to a business unit structure for a reason. It's because we have two very, very focused organizations with very sophisticated leaders in them that is constantly doing the ROI analysis of where we put our OpEx, and we get the most out of it. And I think quite frankly, that's led to the portfolio we have today. I think we have the best portfolio we've ever had. And that's an effort that goes on constantly, continuously. And so, as we continue to draw down OpEx to resize the business to the realities of what the market is. We've built the capability over the last couple of years to do that in a way where we can make sure we're going to get – first of all, the OpEx we spend, we get the best ROI out of it, the best return and that we make sure that we're making – we're taking actions to the business that don't harm the long-term value of it, and we make the right decision on a day-by-day, week-by-week, month-by-month basis. So, I think this is really a capability we've built in the last three years, and I think it's serving us well right now to make sure that we're not cutting in ways that are going to impact the long-term health of the business.
David Goeckeler: So, I'll make a few comments. I suspect Wissam will have a few comments as well. I mean this is – there's been a lot of focus on this in the last year of how do we become more efficient, how do we automate more. Several of our factories have won World Economic Forum Lighthouse awards for automation. How do we rescale our employees? And how do we just – we've been very focused on driving a level of automation, driving productivity, and just lowering our fixed cost asset base in the HDD business. And I think our fixed – I don't think I know, our fixed costs in that business are now the lowest they've been in well over a decade. So, I think that's paying off in the way we're able to generate margin in the business at lower volume levels. And then as the volume starts to pick back up, we've got capacity to meet what the market needs, and I think we'll do that at a much lower cost basis.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think on pricing, it's kind of the same story all the time, right? Whether it's a down market, upmarket, mid-cycle market, which is really have a diverse portfolio. We've talked about this a lot from retail to the channel business, PC OEMs, enterprise SSD gaming has become a very nice part of the portfolio and growing part of the portfolio. And it's just that – mobile, obviously, is a big part of our portfolio. And it's just been mixing across that where we get the best return, right, putting our supply and our bits in the places where we can get the best return. I do think that, that is a – that go to – that breadth of go-to-market is in markets that we can reach literally from every single consumer to the largest technology companies in the world and kind of everything in between. And just the ability to mix across that with a strong portfolio and a strong set of brands as well, SanDisk, SanDisk Professional, WD_BLACK, puts us in a good position to get the best return on our supply. Next quarter, we don't really want to comment on future pricing. It's all into the guide. We've talked about the individual markets. What I would say is, we're pricing in or we're putting in what we think is going to do on an individual market-by-market basis and then how we'll mix that next quarter.
David Goeckeler: I think that's our focus – on a CMR drive, that's our focused capacity point and it's significantly ahead of other CMR drives above 20. So – or above the 20 terabyte drive. We expect that to be our premier drive for the next – until we have a different CMR product in that part of the business. So, we expect that to be a very good growth engine, and we've talked a lot about that drive of – it provides a lot of value. It provides a lot of TCO value for our customers. And we – it contributes an appropriate amount of margin from that perspective as well.
David Goeckeler: Prebuying. Yes. I think you do see – I think we are seeing instances of that. I wouldn't say it's pervasive, but we see instances of it. And I think it – I think maybe it's a sign of where the customers think we are in the cycle as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think, Tom, it's – I would say as we go through the second half of the year, it will get better. The issue is that these revenue levels and these unit levels, it's just very lumpy. You have very large customers that if they buy or not buy, it can impact the TAM and the available market in a very significant way. So – and that's what we're experiencing next quarter. I mean, this quarter, we saw things were a little better than we thought on capacity enterprise shipments. We'll see a sequential decline in that, and then we're expecting to go back up as we go in the second half of the year. But I expect it to be lumpy as we go through this inventory digestion because a lot like we saw in the PC OEM space, a lot of customers are just completely focused on inventory digestion, which is basically new purchases just go to zero. And customers at this scale with this, kind of business that has an impact. So, I expect to see a lumpiness over the next several quarters. I do have a level of optimism about China in the second half of the year. We're seeing better activity there. And so, we expect to see that improve in the second half of the year as well, which should also help the business.
David Goeckeler: I guess I would say that customers that are different segments of the market that are through their inventory digestion are now more or less shipping to end demand being lean on inventory. There are instances of people doing strategic buys in that – in some of those cases where they've got their inventory to where they want it, but now they're making their own – they have their own view of the cycle. That's a very small number, I would say. And then the other one is just – where they're at in their – the data center customers especially are just in – there's a variability of the level of inventory at each customer, and they're so big that it can impact the entire market. So – and like I said, ones that have heavy inventory are basically working that down in an aggressive way. And so, I think it's going to – like I said, I think it will be lumpy for a couple of quarters until we get through that.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We're kind of at the point where we're – I think it's – I think probably the same ZIP Code is probably a fair way to say depending on where you live, ZIP codes can be pretty big if you're in the country, I guess. But it's really about managing to where we see the demand and keeping our inventory relatively in check. We know it's going up somewhat, but we want to make sure it doesn't get away from us. So, we'll use the fab in that. I mean, we're just – we're going to have to see demand signals for our customers is just as simple as that. We have a very close relationship with a lot of them. We're in the – obviously, in the market every single day. A lot of these consumer and channel markets are more transactional, where we can see the business across a wide swath. And then, of course, we're talking to the biggest customers biggest technology companies in the world. So, we'll get a – we have a pretty good idea of where their demand is, and we'll set the fab appropriately to make sure that we keep the right inventory position and we have the product when they're ready.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. Always good to hear from you. We've talked about this quite a bit over the last year. It's about qualifying the products at the big players, qualified in the channel. We just qualified this last quarter on BiCS5 enterprise SSD with some of the biggest customers. So, the road map is moving forward as we expected. It's just a very dynamic market right now. So, it's difficult to judge share. Obviously, our goal is what we've put out there is to drive that higher. And I have every confidence we'll do that as the market stabilizes and some of these big customers get back to their normal rates of purchasing.
David Goeckeler: I think we see the enterprise and the cloud market. They're both soft right now. So, we don't see a huge difference between the two. Again, the difference is, Karl, that you got this idiosyncratic behavior at really big customers. So, a customer that usually buys a significant amount of hard drives in a quarter, hundreds of millions of dollars goes to zero. You can pretty much assume they're buying under replacement demand. So, that's kind of where we're at. We just – again, other customers are going along more according to plan. So, the inventory level is a bit distributed across big customers. So, we look at this quite a bit to understand like where do we think the exabyte growth is and where are we setting the – our long-term production capabilities and all of that. But right now, it's just a little difficult to draw long-term conclusions and some of – a little bit behind some of your question, given just the way the market is – the lumpiness of the market.
David Goeckeler: It's progressing. Very active. Everybody in it is under NDA, so I can't say anything about it, and we look forward to talking about it when we reach a conclusion.
David Goeckeler: All right, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you through the quarter. Take care.
Wissam Jabre: And just to add – C.J., sorry, just to add a bit more color, I think we – in our guide, we're estimating around [220 to 240] [ph], the range of underutilization charges. And by business, this is roughly two-thirds Flash, one-thirds HDD or one-third [SSD] [ph].
Wissam Jabre: So Aaron, we typically factor into our guidance all the expectations. And when we exited Q3, like a typical quarter, we do our reserve reviews and we take the – we make sure that the balance sheet properly stated. And so based on our forecast, everything is baked into the guidance. Typically, we have a small amount in the guidance just like we did also in the past quarter.
Wissam Jabre: Sorry, Sidney. I just wanted to add that for fiscal Q3, we don't have any impact in the numbers to the network security.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, we typically don't break that out as much on the call. This is a bit too much detail, Mehdi, for me to discuss here. The one comment I would make though, when we think of inventory, our operations team is really focused on minimizing where we can. So, we basically try to stage it in the places that makes the most sense from a demand perspective.
Wissam Jabre: I mean, the inventory write-down typically is, it's really based – the ones that was, for instance, I called out is based on basically the inventory value relative to where the market price is. And so, if – when prices decline by a lot, then we do have to take a closer look and see if there's any impact, but that's what I would say about that.
Wissam Jabre: What I'm saying is, we – what I'm saying is, at the end of every quarter our balance sheet is properly stated because we do look at where the inventory value is versus where the demand is and the prices are most particularly at the finished good level. And so, where we see differences we have to adjust our inventory value, otherwise it is properly stated. I guess your question is more around trying to predict where the price is going and we typically don't necessarily do that.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. I mean the one thing I would add also, in addition to what David said, some of the activities that we drive in terms of the manufacturing side are taken back into the development organizations to think about things that come on platforms and the ability to improve on the way our products are designed for manufacturing efficiency, even increasing manufacturing efficiency going forward. And of course, with that comes a better cost structure.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, [real close] [ph]. So, we are totally focused on free cash flow. As you've seen us since the beginning of the year, we've been very proactive on OpEx, reducing that quite a bit on CapEx, as well as taking underutilization to manage and preserve our cash and not build inventory. And so, this is very important to us. In fact, we continue to make improvements. I mean, if you look at our CapEx trend, it's gone down quite a bit. This year, we'll probably be spending approximately if not even more than 35% below last year. With respect to the next few quarters, we typically do not guide for free cash flow. But what I could say is that this is, as I said, a top priority for us and is a big focus, as you would imagine, as we navigate the dynamic environment.
Wissam Jabre: Sure, Toshiya. With respect to inventory, the current projection is, I would say, flattish in terms of dollar, but in terms of days, I anticipate we should see a downtick from here. Well, we continue to, as David said, manage it on a very, very regular basis very closely. And so, that's probably the biggest in terms of the working capital. That's the number that would be moving the most. Again, we don't guide the free cash flow, so I wouldn't want to make any more comments around working capital. But I think the answer on the inventory would be a good indicator to what working capital will look.
Wissam Jabre: Sure. So, thanks for the question. In terms of Q3, we have to think of it basically with and without underutilization. When you factor in the entry underutilization charges, we wouldn't be – we wouldn't have reduced cost or cost income down by mid-teens. However, if we exclude that, then we're close to mid-teens in Q3.  Now, to your question on BiCS8. I mean this is – with the way our road map works and the timing of when BiCS8 starts ramping, it is pretty much designed in a way to allow us to continue that mid-teens reduction – cost reduction over time. I wouldn't want to comment about the exact sort of percentage and so on in terms of the crossover because I think it's a little bit premature to talk about this. But conceptually, that's what we're aiming with ramping BiCS8 slightly earlier than previously anticipated.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, Ananda. With respect to the 1.1 billion of convert due in February 2024, the plan is to address it over the next couple of quarters.
