Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, Steve. Our revenue for the December quarter was $3.3 billion. We shipped a total of 49.7 million hard drives at an average selling price of $61. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 28.5%, and operating expenses totaled $542 million. Non-GAAP tax expense for the December quarter was $21 million, or 5% of non-GAAP pre-tax income. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $374 million, or $1.60 per share. In the December quarter, we generated $598 million in cash from operations, and our free cash flow totaled $449 million. Our CapEx totaled $149 million, or 4% of revenue. We also declared a dividend in the amount of $0.50 per share. We closed the quarter with total cash and cash equivalents of $5.4 billion, of which approximately $500 million was held in the U.S. I will now provide an update regarding the cost savings we expect to realize as a result of the integration of our WD and HGST subsidiaries. All of my references in the following commentary are based on calendar years. To remind everyone, we previously indicated that we would realize $400 million of operating expense savings. We also said we would achieve additional meaningful savings from reductions in cost of goods sold. Finally, we indicated the savings will be attained over a one-year to two years period. There are three main components in realizing these savings, including asset and footprint reduction, product roadmap consolidation and organization rationalization. During our last earnings call, we also mentioned that the quarterly baseline for operating expenses is $570 million, from which these cost savings should be calculated. Following our initial integration planning, we continue to expect to realize $400 million of operating expense reduction per year on the run rate basis by the end of 2017. For cost of goods sold, we expect to realize $250 million of synergy per year on the run rate basis by the end of 2017. This would give us the opportunity to consistently operate in the top half of our existing gross margin model of 27% to 32%. We expect to achieve 50% of the synergy run rate by the end of 2016, and the balance by the end of 2017. We currently estimate cash costs to achieve these savings to be approximately $800 million. This estimate will continue to be refined as we finalize our cost reduction efforts. Finally, we expect about 75% of these costs to be incurred in 2016, and the balance in 2017. Moving onto our guidance for the March quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.8 billion to $2.9 billion. On a non-GAAP basis, we expect gross margin percentage to be up from our December quarter, operating expenses of approximately $500 million. We estimate non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.20 and $1.30. Operator, we're now ready to open the call for questions.
Olivier Leonetti: It will be equally stepping up. I think it's fair to expect that by the end of calendar year 2016. OpEx should be around $520 million, and at the end of calendar year 2017, about $470 million.
Olivier Leonetti: We have been assuming about 25% to 30% CAGR over the next five years, and that's a revenue statement.
Olivier Leonetti: So the relative shortfall in margin was due to two factors. One was product mix, which was the majority of the shortfall, and the balance was lower volume impacting our absorption cost.
Olivier Leonetti: So on the cash conversion cycle, we expect the impact to be minimum. We are going to have some impact on inventory, for example, but we wouldn't factor a (31:37) major improvement. In CapEx, being at the low end of our range, even in the range of 4% is not a bad assumption.
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe and we have – we believe we can optimize the tax structure of SanDisk. We haven't provided much more details than that. And on the debt, if you want to look at the details of the debt, I will refer to our S4 filing, which has all the details of the debt, including the various instruments we'd be using, Monika.
Olivier Leonetti: So it would be a mix of both, better mix, slightly, but also starting to realize some of the synergies.
Stephen D. Milligan: Operator, before we get to questions, I just wanted to correct, I had a misreading of my script. The strategic joint venture with Unisplendour will sell our storage systems in China. I believe I misread that as Japan. So I just want to clarify that. We'll take people's questions now. Thank you.
Stephen D. Milligan: Let me take that question. So I think relative to exabytes shipped, particularly in capacity enterprise, we did see it come in a little bit beneath our estimate of 35% growth year-on-year, came in around 32%. We would expect we would normalize back towards 35% this year. We do have some visibility in terms of capital investments of our large customers. We'd expect the seasonality to move back towards something more typical where we would see something in the range of 55% to 60% in the second half of the calendar year, the balance in the first half.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So there's kind of several questions in there. Let me clarify a couple of things. The first thing is that the closing of the SanDisk acquisition is not contingent upon the closing of the Unis transaction. What will be affected, if for one reason or another, the Unis transaction were not to close, would be that incremental shares would be issued to the SanDisk shareholders in that sort of a scenario. Under either event, we will be seeking shareholder vote on the transaction and the only question is will the number of shares exceed 20% of our outstanding shares. And so there is a scenario where we would seek a shareholder vote, but it may not require the issuance of 20% of our shareholders. But either way, we will be conducting a proxy solicitation on behalf of our shareholders. Regarding our confidence level in terms of shareholder – our strong belief is and very strong belief and strong conviction is that this is the appropriate move for us to make for long-term shareholder value creation and we're confident in our ability to be able to get the necessary approvals from our shareholders to proceed with the transaction.
Stephen D. Milligan: That being said, one of the things that we've said consistently is that we believe with our product portfolio and execution, we have the opportunity to continue to grow our enterprise SSD revenue at a multiple of the market growth, and we continue to believe that that will be the case moving forward.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. We think our value proposition to these customers with our product portfolio as well as the services we wrap around them allow us to maintain our share position over time. Obviously, we have continued to execute well as we move forward, as we ramp to 10 terabyte product, et cetera. But we don't see anything that would particularly affect our aggregate share. Over time, we do expect some normalizing of the capacity point share.
Stephen D. Milligan: So, Rich, this is Steve, let me address the first part of that question. One of the things I think that is important to emphasize is that when we evaluated the merits of doing the SanDisk transaction, there's a number of things that we looked at. One is that we did – we looked at various different scenarios from a business performance level. And we expected and anticipated that there could be some increased volatility from a market perspective, both from a macro perspective as well as volatility as it relates to supply/demand dynamics in the NAND market. So we had stress cases, we have base case scenarios, we also had bull case scenarios. And in all those scenarios, the transaction proved to be value-creating for our shareholders longer term. So we're very confident in that regard. Additionally, as we approached the end of the year, we all know that we were looking at the potential for an increasing rate environment here in the U.S. So we factored in some expectation of rate increases in terms of that portion of our financing that would be affected by rate increases. And again, those rate increases today have been within our expectations and we're confident that that will remain the case. Additionally, the other thing that we've talked about is – and there's additional detail to some degree in our S4 filing, is that we expect to quickly deleverage our debt to the tune of specifically $3 billion within a short period of time after the closing of the transaction. That deleveraging will incur in those areas of the market where we are more exposed to interest rate exposure. And so for those various reasons, I would emphasize that we continue to be very confident with regards to our ability to service the debt post close of the SanDisk transaction. So I'll ask Mike to comment on the TAM.
Stephen D. Milligan: The other thing, Rich, that I'd like to add to that is that we think that barring there being some other macroeconomic event that none of us can predict, that it appears that the calendar first quarter will be the low point from a TAM perspective as it relates to calendar 2016.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I'm not so sure I would go to that point at this stage, and there's a lot of moving parts in terms of what happens with gross margin. The one thing that – the biggest drag in terms of near-term on our gross margins, if you want to call it that, I mean, let's be honest, we still continue to have strong gross margin performance, but it's been weaker enterprise volumes. And it really has to do with what Mike was talking about in that the first half of calendar year 2015 had a higher mix of enterprise volumes and then there was an absorption of that – those drives in the back half. We will see that kind of flip and go to normal seasonality in calendar year 2016. So all things remaining equal, we should see our margins begin to benefit from that higher gross margin level as we exit calendar year 2016. But, of course, there can be other factors including pricing which can impact things, there can be total volumes. And so I don't know if I want to be specific at this point as to when we'll end up closer to that high end of that range. But we're certainly going to do everything in our power to make it happen from an execution and from a product perspective.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, that's correct. We will be seeking shareholder vote in any scenario. Yes, you're correct. Regarding our confidence level in terms of CFIUS ruling this to be a non-covered transaction, let me make a couple of comments on that. First thing is, which we've said repeatedly, is that we were very careful with regards to how we structured the transaction. And based upon that, we do not believe it's a covered transaction. Now, that being said, this is up to the CFIUS committee and the U.S. government to decide. And, frankly, that's very difficult at this stage to handicap. So I'm not sure that I want to go there in terms of trying to predict that. We want to certainly respect the decision-making process that the government goes through. We'll continue to engage with them and work with them. But clearly, we were very careful with how we structured the transaction.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, the short answer is as soon as we can, as soon as we possibly can, but obviously we've got to close the transaction and begin more formally the integration process, et cetera, et cetera so that – we don't have a specific time on that. But clearly, from a financial and from a product perspective, we're highly motivated to make that happen as quickly as we can from a product development and lifecycle perspective.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. Well, Rob, it's an interesting question because you're right, the $400 million we've been talking about for frankly three-and-a-half years, four years, if my memory is correct. But one thing that I would comment on is that subsequent to that period, as individual entities, there have been a number of OpEx reduction efforts that have occurred since that time. And so the actual reduction in our operating expenses from the close of the HGST, WD transaction is actually much greater than an annual run rate of $400 million. For example, if you remember, the WD sub was engaged in the performance enterprise market. We have exited – on the WD side, that business was exited, the OpEx savings were saved there. And so net, kind of apples-to-apples, we've actually reduced our OpEx more than that original $400 million that we talked about three-and-a-half years ago.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. That's a fair question. We constantly look at that, constantly look at that. And again, kind of going back to the comment that I made to Rob Cihra's question is that we have been – as the TAM has come down over the last few years, we have been continuing to rationalize our business to a lower volume base. So it's something that we dynamically and consistently evaluate and we'll continue to do so as we move forward.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. Again, fair question. I'm not going to go there. At this point, our priority is working to satisfy the closing conditions as it relates to the Unis investment, including getting through the CFIUS process. To speculate at this point as to what happens if the U.S. government considers it to be a covered transaction, it's a little bit early to do that. So I'm not going to dare do that at this point.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. And suffice it to say that given kind of the market volatility that we've seen, the anxiousness that's been out there, we are clearly taking a – as well as our customers are taking a very cautious view with regards to the demand outlook, particularly here in the near-term. We believe that's the prudent thing to do. But as always in terms of the way that we manage our business, if demand happens to be higher than what we would expect, we'll be there to meet that opportunity.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, we don't necessarily have any specific data on that other than to indicate we think that inventory levels are pretty healthy. And what I mean by healthy is relatively lean and in pretty good shape. In other words, we don't think that there is any, call it, excess inventory. We had seen that through calendar year 2015, particularly with some of the – in the PC market. We believe that that's worked its way through the system. And so in that regard – I mean, this is a positive statement. We don't believe that there's an inventory overhang that we or the broader industry need to deal with.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't have a good sense for that. I mean, I don't think we have a call on that right now. So I hope you're right, I'll put it that way.
Stephen D. Milligan: That I'm not going to speculate on. I mean, I don't really know. I don't know what Toshiba's plans are. I mean, that's obviously a question for them and what would they do, would they sell them? I don't know. That's not a question that I'm going to speculate on.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So I mean if you look at, we had $270 million of revenue last quarter. I believe a year ago we had about $230 million of revenue. So we've got a tough compare. Obviously, we're still in the midst of the quarter, but it's possible that we might see our year-on-year revenue down a bit, going into calendar Q1. And as far as the fiscal year, we would prefer not to be short-term focused in terms of that. But it's really, when we talk about exceeding industry growth rates, it's over a longer period of time. It's a little bit too early to say whether or not our growth this year will accelerate or decelerate versus that. So it's not really an indication one way or the other, but I'd prefer not to comment on that specifically.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So I think one of the things that we need to continue to focus on is the petabyte growth as opposed to the unit growth. Obviously, as we ship higher capacity points, we're going to ship, all things remaining equal, fewer units. So as Mike indicated, we continue to see strong petabyte growth. The number that we're estimating is 32% which is – well, longer term, 35%. This past year for us was 32%, which is pretty consistent with our expectation.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So let me take client first. We see that continuing trend toward client SSDs, particularly in commercial class notebooks. It still remains within our planning guideline. So we don't see it accelerating beyond our expectation, but it is steadily increasing and it's certainly factored into that outlook. Relative to the enterprise, we do see, as evidenced by our own SAS enterprise SSD strategy, we do see the beginnings of the incursion of enterprise SSD into what is traditionally performance enterprise. And a way to think about that is it starts at the top first with 15,000 RPM drives as being the first area for that conversion to begin, and then later on it will be others. But we do see incursion in both those segments, all of which is happening within the rate of – that we have planned in our outlook. So that would be the color I can give you.
Stephen D. Milligan: Sure. So just to remind everybody, as part of our due diligence, as it relates to the SanDisk acquisition is that we did extensive technical due diligence related to where SanDisk/Toshiba was with regards to the 3D NAND transition. That, we were very comfortable with where they were at and continue to be very comfortable with where they're at with their transition, and are particularly encouraged by the recent announcements that they made in conjunction with their earnings announcement, which indicates that they are now commercially shipping their 48 layer 3D NAND product into the marketplace.
Stephen D. Milligan: Thank you for joining us today. In summary, we continue to execute well in a challenging environment and we're taking proactive steps to maintain and extend our cost leadership in the HDD industry. We're also pleased with our progress on our strategic efforts to diversify and strengthen the company for the long term, including the acquisition of SanDisk. We look forward to keeping you informed of our progress on all fronts. Thank you for joining us.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think we noted in our comments there'll be some dynamics happening in the first part of the year where we'd expect a pause in that growth. And that's due to two factors. One is, would be typical IT spending being on a more cyclical basis or a seasonal basis. And we do see additional competition in that space, which we would expect to have a effect on our trajectory.
Michael D. Cordano: Sure. Yeah, so to answer your question, Rich, I think we would see this as the low point of the year. I'll give you a little additional color on it. Of the sequential decline that we're projecting, we would chalk up roughly two-thirds of that to typical seasonality as well as the secular changes in the market, the balance of that attributed to macro conditions. And I think we would also say that given the environment around us, we're seeing a normal planning bias from the markets to be more conservative around build expectations as well as around inventory position, and all that's factored into our outlook.
Michael D. Cordano: So relative to the visibility of demand, we have some improving insight, actually, as these businesses mature to plans for data center build outs and what's going to be required to do that, and what our proportion of that might be. So we continue to refine our engagement with those customers such that we get a more insightful view into it. Relative to our drive lead times, it depends on the type of drive that we're talking about. Anywhere from sort of four weeks to eight weeks would be a good planning number, larger capacity being a bit longer and that's due to test time.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think on an enterprise outlook basis, I sort of referenced it, on the capacity enterprise segment, we see that continuing to progress. We see an increasing adoption of Helium flash drives as the people deploying infrastructure realize the benefits of the TCO that that technology offers. We articulated that growth rate we would expect across that total segment. Relative to the performance category, I just talked a little bit about that. We do see the continuing penetration of flash-based products into that marketplace. We see that continuing through the balance of the year, as evidenced by a number of people in their systems announcements most recently. We would expect that to benefit from that obviously with our strategy of being media agnostic as we move forward with the completion of the SanDisk acquisition.
