Michael D. Cordano: So, Mark, let me give you some color on that. So, I think as we see ourselves progressing through this fiscal year, we feel fully comfortable with placement of our bit output in the various market segments. So, the demand is there sufficient to consume our bit output. Relative to the mix and penetration of SSD, I think that is somewhat slowed based upon NAND constraints at an industry basis. We would expect though the long-term penetration to kind of continue as planned, nothing sort of untoward.
Michael D. Cordano: Yes. And I think just to add to that, the diversity from a market, product, and customer perspective that we have, oh, by the way, is by design. And the other thing is that, it allows us – it provides more resilience from a financial perspective to our model. So I think that diversification concept is something that is very central to the way that we run and manage the business.
Michael D. Cordano: So, we said in our announcement that we would have samples out late in 2018 and production in 2019, which I just commented on. Relative to sort of our reasons for picking it, I stated in my comments obviously our view is the economic or commercial competitiveness of the technology made it a pretty obvious choice for us. Obviously, we needed to get some technology breakthroughs to get confident around our ability to achieve the areal density results required, but once that was done, it was a clear choice for us. One of the things I will point you to is really our internal manufacturing processes, and the ability for us to leverage the current perpendicular or PMR based manufacturing technologies and tooling we have in place.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. Let me back up a little bit. I think the demand has been there all along, right? So, what's happening in 2017 is not a reflection of the true demand environment, it's certainly been muted by external or temporary factors. And yes, our view of 2018 is based upon close planning work with our customer base both in hyperscale and outside of that.
Michael D. Cordano: Well, yeah, so for us certainly the big consumers of capacity enterprise are the cloud providers, or hyperscalers. But the traditional storage OEMs still buy at a substantial rate relative to its impact on performance enterprise hard drives, it's really not capacity enterprise eroding that, it's SSD's and the new architectures and better cost performance you can get, displacing a new system design and new architectures that performance tier with flash based products.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. Aaron, we talk about our expectation for bit growth rate, which is 35% to 45%. We would expect we will be growing in that same range, and we expect to be able to maintain the expected cost reductions that we've talked about, which are in that longer-range models 15% to 25%, as we continue to convert from 2D to 3D, it's sort of at the 15% to 20% at an industry level.
Michael D. Cordano: As I indicated, we provided a lot of details in terms of my prepared remarks in addition to the 8-K. And as I noted, that our number one priority is the continued longevity and success of the joint venture, and some of the details that you're asking, I'd prefer not to get lost in the weeds in terms of some of those questions at this point.
Michael D. Cordano: Relative to the Data Center Devices and Systems – or Solutions growth, I think two things, two factors, I talked about Exabyte (44:58) growth rate relative to capacity enterprise expected to reaccelerate as well as our continued and planned progress around enterprise SSD product offerings puts us in a good position, as we progress through 2018 calendar year to have growth as we go.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. From an HDD standpoint, we'll see that. And then for the remainder of the calendar year, the flash margins will depend on the supply/demand environment.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. Amit, this is Steve. I'll take the second question first. I would prefer not to comment on that in terms of how the technology licensing arrangements work. And then the second thing is, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, the joint venture agreements require bit output to be provided to us over a period of time, out to 2029.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. I think those sort of long-term arrangements are can be part of our ongoing practice. So, yes, we do those sorts of things, and from time-to-time, prepayments would be one of the elements of those agreements.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So, our allocation philosophy has two dimensions. Obviously, one of them you referenced, which is economic. The other is strategic. So we're looking at our goals of, sort of, optimizing between our current and mid-term financial results and our long-term objectives of growing and diversifying our customer base across multiple product segments. So, it's a complex formula, and it really is based on those two things. Obviously, based upon our results, we are growing in basically all of those segments and you can see the results of some of that activity.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, I think at this point it's really too early to tell. Certainly, we don't have any indication strongly to one side or the other, at this point.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, it's in both of our best interest that we continue to advance the capabilities of the joint ventures from a technology and from a manufacturing perspective. And so, we're confident that ourselves and our joint venture partner will continue to invest appropriately in that capability going forward. And that's independent, frankly speaking, of how the arbitration proceedings turn out.
Stephen D. Milligan: I think we talked about last quarter that ASPs had flattened. That was our expectation coming into this quarter, and that's really our expectation as we sit today. So we don't see continued movement in a substantial way up, but it's being sustained at the current level.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, the color we'll give you is we did see significant quarter-to-quarter growth on 10 terabytes. We also saw the initial ramp on 12 terabytes, and we would expect that will accelerate into the current quarter. So, the continued movements of the market to the highest capacities in this case 10 terabytes and 12 terabytes is progressing very well. And we're very pleased with how that's moving in our business.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't think we provided any numbers for calendar 2018 at this point. But we are getting more fixed re-output (46:38) than the 2D NAND at this point, so we've realized that crossover point. And we've seen no impact of the situation with Toshiba that's changed that. No disruption to what our expectations and plans were previously, and we do not expect that into calendar 2018 either.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, I think your perspective – one of the drivers for seasonality is PC, so, yes, you're on it. Also the consumer segments of our business also see a seasonal trends, that would include gaming, as an example. And yes, obviously, when we move into the second half of the calendar year, we do see some absorption benefits that help us on the margin.
Stephen D. Milligan: All right. I want to thank, everybody, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you going forward. Have a great rest of the day.
