David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me wrap up and then we'll open up for questions. I want to emphasize that the steps the Western Digital team has taken to instill and deploy an industry leading product portfolio, while also moving quickly to adapt to both volatile market dynamics and anticipate future trends have enabled us to capitalize on the upswing we see ahead. Through our product leadership and ability to dampen business cycles and improve through-cycle profitability, I am confident we are well positioned to execute on our current strategy, which will reaffirm our strength over the long term. Let's now begin the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Yeah, Joe. So we've been it's good to see the pricing inflect. If you look into Q1, we were happy with the gross margin we delivered in the Flash business in the December quarter at 7.9%. I think we were able to capture the turn in the market well. So it gives us a little higher base going into the March quarter. But if you look at both businesses, you see Flash will be down on bits and up on price. So we see -- we still see strong price increases quarter-to-quarter, but we're down on volume. Let's call it, low double digits. And then in the HDD business, we see increase in volume and increase in price.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I thought I heard you say Flash. I was going to start talking about it. Well, let me start talking about HDD. Look, at HDD, we're pretty much very close to that level. When you look at what we delivered in the second quarter and when you also look at the guide, it does reflect the continuous margin improvement on the HDD side. And so, I also anticipate that there should be continuous improvement as the recovery continues in that business. So 30% is very much within reach. And we should be able to achieve it pretty soon. On the flash side, the --lot has to do with continuing to optimize the product mix to drive that ASP up. And also, of course, continuing to deliver on our cost reduction. And so, on the cost reduction, we've done well so far. We've been in the mid-teens. I expect us to also hit that mid-teens percentage cost reduction for this fiscal year. So, as the pricing continues to improve, I’d anticipate that we would be -- we would also be there -- let’s say in the next few quarters.
David Goeckeler: Yeah. So I'll start and Wissam can add some too. So yes, we had bits down, we had a record quarter last -- two quarters ago and then we were down a little bit this past quarter, then we'll be down more. I mean, it’s just a reflection of the flow through the underutilization that we were doing to kind of keep supply and demand matched. We've talked about this a lot and not let our inventory get out of control. I think we've been very good about keeping our inventory -- we're at a four-year low on inventory, so on the NAND side. So, look, CJ, we're just going to keep very focused on what demand is, where we're at in inventory, and adjust the utilization of the fab to make sure those stay aligned as we go forward. So I think as we said in the script, you kind of assume that throughout this calendar year, you're going to see most of the growth in Flash be from pricing.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I wouldn't attribute it to the smart video market. It's more of the China hyper scalers coming back and better demand there.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Price, your price deltas, obviously, have a big dependency on your starting point and we were starting from a better gross margin position than anybody else in the industry by quite a bit. And then on top of that, you have mix based on what's happening in the quarter and kind of where the product is going. I think if you look at profitability of the franchise, it's still leading the industry.
David Goeckeler: I think customers just want to understand everybody's roadmap, right? And they're not looking for a particular solution. I mean, for example, we've been shipping EPMR drives for years versus PMR drives and nobody really asked us for EPMR drive. So they just want the capacity point at a TCO at a reliability level and be able to satisfy their demand. And I think that's the way we've optimized our portfolio. We've commercialized EPMR, we're very happy with the technology. We have UltraSMR on top of that. That allows us to deliver both highest capacity point in the industry, the best TCO position at very, very large scale. We can produce millions and millions of those drives per quarter. So that's what customers are looking for and they're looking to understand on your road map that you can continue to drive that TCO equation forward, because they're obviously betting extremely large data centers on our ability to do that. And our customers, I can tell you, our customers have an enormous amount of confidence in our roadmap, in our current products, and you're seeing that in the performance of the business. You're seeing accelerating growth, you're seeing better profitability, you're seeing share gains. That's a clear indication that customers are very happy with our products. Now in particular on the transition of EPMR to Hammer, I know this has gotten a lot of attention. For our portfolio, given our UltraSMR technology, it's been adopted by the market, Hammer does not make sense until we get to 4 terabytes per platter. Because Hammer adds a lot of costs to the product, so it adds a lot of costs to your bill of material. So we can deliver -- we see the next couple of generations or couple of years of ability to deliver a very strong TCO proposition at scale on the EPMR plus UltraSMR platforms that customers have clearly adopted. We see it as the majority of our demand in calendar year 2025. We will transition to Hammer when we get to that 4 terabytes per platter. That's the economic crossover, right, that we're looking for from a portfolio management point of view. So that gives you a little more color on how we're thinking about the technology, the transition, and how customers are thinking about it. I think it's very clear, customers are very happy with our road map and they understand in great detail where we're going.
David Goeckeler: Yes, so let me -- we'll defer the details of product launch on Hammer and how many discs it's going to have until we get closer to that process. I mean, it's a project that's -- we're happy with where the progress of it is, given what I said earlier. We've got -- we've built a technology roadmap that allows us to get to 40 terabytes on very well proven cost controlled, high manufacturing ability technology and we're looking forward to delivering that to the market over the next couple of years. The reality is, there's no customer like demands a particular technology. The customer wants a capacity point at a certain TCO, at a certain level of reliability, and a certain level of performance. And our technology roadmap is built to deliver that. What's inside the box is less important. The real thing is, you have to deliver all of those that we just said and you have to be able to manufacture it at a level of millions and millions of units per quarter to satisfy the market. That's what our customers are looking for. Our EPMR and UltraSMR technology, that's exactly what it delivers. The ability to deliver increasing TCO, which -- if we can deliver increasing TCO, we can continue to drive pricing higher. We can produce it at very high scale, it can be qualified very, very quickly and it's very highly reliable and high quality product. And our customers are increasingly adopting that technology as you see from our forecast.
David Goeckeler: Yes, look, I think we're going to see it as we start to go into PC refresh cycles. We admitted that, we're still very early in this, right? Getting the cloud -- I mean the big part right now is getting the cloud capable of delivering GenAI to all of us, and then drive that architecture, down to the edge. I think we're starting to see in some of the markets some of the future specs of products where they're increasing the amount of NAND, so we're optimistic about that. As we go through the next couple of years when this architecture gets deployed and adopted. So I can't like put it down to a particular quarter for you, but certainly as new technology launches or new technology adoption, it's moving at a faster pace than any technology I’ve seen in the very long time.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we see demand around mid-teens and that's fab out. What we see is kind of fab production of mid-single digits. And obviously, there's inventory between those.
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean, for us it was a -- it's an emerging -- it's an emerging part of the portfolio. I think, right -- going right into the downturn, we got qualified at numerous or a number of cloud titans in our NVMe based enterprise SSD, and then we kind of went into a market where, quite frankly, enterprise SSD has been the most depressed part of the NAND market in the downturn and we haven't seen that come back yet. So, as that starts to come back out of digestion, it'll just be another opportunity for us to mix into that. How much we mix into it will be depending on what the price is on that -- in that segment versus other options we have for those bits. So we don't necessarily -- we don't necessarily have a fixed percentage we're going for, it's just -- we have the product, it's qualified, as demand comes back, we'll consider that demand and part of the whole portfolio calculus.
David Goeckeler: Well, certainly, it is trailing enterprise HDD. I mean, enterprise -- I don't know if I could make a generalization about that, because it's just one cycle here, but clearly there's more inventory digestion in the hyperscale market on enterprise SSD than there was in capacity enterprise HDDs. As we talked about, we see continued growth in capacity enterprise HDDs, we started out this fiscal year projecting sequential growth throughout the fiscal year and now we're talking about sequential growth throughout the calendar year. So we see good demand trends coming back on capacity enterprise HDD, which again is a good sign for enterprise SSDs will come back, because there's a little -- there's more inventory digestion to get through.
David Goeckeler: It's a good point here, which is, like -- my comments earlier were about the cycle and what we see in NAND and investing in. And we're big believers in the NAND market and there's going to be a lot of bit growth in the future. And also the great thing about the NAND market is, you still have the ability to produce new nodes and more efficient as far as how much capital you need to put in to get that growth. So, look, the overall thesis on NAND continuing to grow, we have a long technology roadmap where we can continue to deliver cost downs, that's still a great story and we expect -- to your point, we expect generative AI to be additive to that, especially on the edge. The NAND market has really rotated -- through this downturn really rotated to an edge centric market. Which, again, our portfolio is very, very well positioned with our consumer business, with our client SSD business, with our gaming business, with our position with PC OEMs. So, we're very well positioned there. And yes, as we see that demand come back, and it resets the economics of the industry, we have the ability to go satisfy that demand. And so, I think you are very bullish about that.
David Goeckeler: Thank you. All right, thanks everyone. I appreciate your time today. We will see you throughout the quarter. Take care.
Wissam Jabre: Okay. So mix is like -- mix is just a very dynamic process, literally day-by-day, week-by-week in the business. We have a big consumer franchise, we sell all over the world, we have hundreds of thousands of points of presence and retail platforms. We have a big channel business where pricing can get adjusted weekly, then all the way up to, obviously, the quarterly negotiated markets. So we're just always dynamically understanding where pricing is going to be. And then again, in each of those segments, we have different products. We have client SSDs that are WD Black all the way down to WD Green. So in different segments of the market, all with different price points, all with different margins, all with different demand profiles. And it's a constant process of just making sure we put the supply where we're going to get the best return. This last quarter we talked about, we mixed a little bit out of client and into consumer, as you would expect in a strong consumer quarter. And we'll continue to do that. The place where we're still waiting for it to come back is enterprise SSD, that’s still been pretty depressed and as that market starts to come back, we expect to mix into that as well.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, of course, CJ. So on the OpEx side, for the June quarter I expect us to be more or less in line. Beyond that, as the business profitability continues to improve, I expect a gradual increase. But we're laser focused on profitability and so I don't anticipate to increase our OpEx faster than revenue growth, of course. And when you look at look at where we've come from and where we are today. We're still at or maybe more than 20% lower than where we were at the beginning of the cyclical downturn.
Wissam Jabre: So, Tom, if you look at our numbers and you adjust for the underutilization charges, we’re almost there. So, what I would say, instead of giving a number or movement, let's say, in quantifying it. What I would say is, I expect us to be at the 30% level, at a lower level than then our normal run rate that we've had in any priors through-cycle periods. We've taken quite a bit of cost out of our -- cost structure as you very well know. And so, that will help us get there at a faster phase. With respect to underutilization, I do anticipate to probably have a bit more in other quarter of underutilization beyond this one and then we'll see where we are in the June quarter. We can talk about it then.
Wissam Jabre: No, we don’t anticipant that to impact our market share. The stats that you mentioned on the supply and production were for our estimates and what we see from third party estimates on the overall market.
Wissam Jabre: No, we're comfortable with the 15% cost downs. We believe that if you -- I mean, we're ahead of that right now in FY 2024, quite frankly, but it'll come back and I think when you look at the full year, you can still model 15% for the fiscal year.
Wissam Jabre: Yeah, Mark. So turning free cash flow positive is a top priority for us. We are very much focussed on it and we have line of site to achieving it. We expect to achieve free cash flow positive in the second half of the fiscal 2023, either this quarter on the next. As you know, we typically don’t guide for cash flow.
