Stephen D. Milligan: Thank you, Peter (02:27), and good afternoon, everyone. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal fourth quarter and full year financials and wrap up with our first quarter guidance. We will then take your questions. Our strong financial results for fiscal 2018 demonstrate the power of the Western Digital platform. For fiscal 2018, we grew revenue at the high end of our long-term range of 4% to 8% as demand for our hard drive and flash-based offerings remained strong. Non-GAAP gross margin improved nearly 5 percentage points to a record 42.5% and with non-GAAP operating expense growth of just 2%, our business model demonstrated significant earnings leverage. The long-term trends of data growth and its increasing value require a robust storage infrastructure. We have assembled a compelling portfolio of storage technologies that address these market opportunities in Big Data and Fast Data. With the continued expansion of our product lines, we believe we are well-positioned to address this growing market opportunity, which is expected to be $100 billion in calendar 2021. There has been much debate among the investment community about flash industry cyclicality and its effects on our business. I would like to share my perspective on it. The tight demand-supply balance experienced by the industry for the last several quarters was driven by several factors including the complexities of technology convergence such as the move from 2D to 3D and then in 3D to higher layer counts. As these technology conversions are maturing and manufacturing yields are improving, the rate of flash supply growth is also increasing. We estimate that in calendar 2018, industry bit growth will be at the high end of the long-term range. These factors, together with a softer demand environment in key sectors such as mobility, are causing flash pricing to decline in a rate faster than in past quarters. The flash industry has been in the midst of adjusting to these normalization trends, and we expect pricing pressure to continue through the remainder of calendar 2018. In this context and in response to the changing market environment, we are reviewing our near-term capital investment plans for flash with our joint venture partner. We are a leader in both hard drives and flash-based technologies and products. We expect gross margins for our flash portfolio to remain healthy. Additionally, our broad portfolio of hard drive solutions, coupled with the underlying growth in cloud infrastructure, allows us to better manage dynamic market conditions. To demonstrate the confidence we have in our business model, its cash flow generation potential, and long-term outlook, our board has authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. We believe today's announcement is an excellent capital allocation opportunity to enhance long-term shareholder value. We're focused on innovating and executing on long-term value creation strategy by utilizing the power of our platform. I want to sincerely thank the Western Digital team and our partners for their ongoing support. We will be hosting our 2018 Investor Day on December 4, and we look forward to engaging in a deeper discussion about our market opportunities and how we are continuing to build the company to deliver shareholder value. With that, I will now ask Mike to share our business highlights.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I don't know if I know exactly how to answer your question. I mean we are focused on really a few things. I mean, one, let's keep in mind that our business model, our business was constructed to deal with dynamic market conditions. And so what we're focused on are on those things that we can control, what can we do in terms of making sure that we've got the right products and the right customer base, and not only that, what can we do with our cost structure to optimize things and then also what can we do from a capacity standpoint. And that gets into the discussion that we're currently having with Toshiba Memory in terms of expansion plans as it relates to 2019. That being said, we continue to expect that our margins are going to be at very healthy levels as indicated by the reset in terms of our margin model of 35% to 40%. And additionally, beyond that, we have high confidence in the long-term cash flow generation capabilities of the business and also believe, quite frankly that the market is, I will call it, overreacting to the pricing pressures that we're seeing from a flash NAND perspective, and we believe that at this level with the new share authorization, we have the opportunity to repurchase shares at an attractive level.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I think we're going to need to get a sufficient return on the capital that we're investing. And so obviously, that is going to be subject to the pricing environment. But our intent would be to work with our customers and our partners to make sure that the capital that we're deploying to provide them with additional bits that we're getting a satisfactory return for that, absolutely. But we don't – I mean let's be honest, we don't fully control that, right, because it's market-based pricing.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, right now – I'll comment on that, and then Mike can correct me if I state it incorrectly. But right now, we're not expecting that. As we indicated, we're – I mean there may be some seasonal bump in terms of demand, but seasonality in our business has kind of muted over time between the September quarter and the December quarter. And we're not expecting there to be any dislocations in the market if you want to call it that would create a different opportunity from a pricing perspective. So we do expect continued – as we said in our prepared remarks – continued pricing – downward pricing pressure in terms of the flash market. And that being said, we'll have the ability to mute that impact because we're continuing to see strong demand particularly for capacity enterprise.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. To add a little bit of color on it, if you look at our hard drive margins and I recognize the fact that we don't disclose our hard drive margins or our flash margins, because it's not necessarily consistent with the way that we manage our business, in other words, we don't have a – we have an integrated business as opposed to a separate hard drive versus flash business, and I do know that some of the investment community wish we did disclose those margins separately. But just to provide a little bit of color, our hard drive margins for quite a while have been incredibly stable, and we have traditionally carried a premium vis-à-vis our gross margins versus our largest competitor. That absolutely continues to remain the case. And what we want to do is we want to continue to optimize our cost structure that allows us to continue to have that strong margin performance. Right now, we have not seen a meaningful degradation in our margin performance, but it takes a while to close the factory. And so, we needed to announce this. We needed to get ahead of it. It's going to take us a while to make this happen and we've been in Kuala Lumpur for 45 years. And so, right now, not a significant impact, but the effect of the restructuring that we'll be going through over time will allow us to continue to operate our hard drive margins at an attractive premium to our competitors.
Stephen D. Milligan: The other thing to add to that, which I think is an important point to note is that when you look at – obviously, we are out looking a lower gross margin level in our fiscal Q1 or calendar Q3. Largely, that entire gross margin decline – largely, not necessarily entirely – is due to some of the pressure that we're seeing in terms of ASPs on flash.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, yeah, sorry. How it impacts our competitor, we don't have visibility to that. But, of course, we'll continue to monitor and see if there is an opportunity. We are largely not impacted by the recent tariff actions. If additional actions are taken on tariffs, we could be impacted. But, right now, there's really minimal impact to our operations.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I think it's a little too early to call in terms of that, but I will – and this will probably be an unsatisfying answer, but there's a reason that we have a gross margin range, right? And so our margins are going to modulate over time within that 35% to 40% range. Sometimes they could be a little bit higher, as we saw historically, and I guess conceivably they could be a little bit lower. We're certainly not calling that, but we have a range for a reason. And right now, in terms of how we see market conditions evolving for the balance of calendar 2018 and then into 2019 is that we are comfortable with that gross margin range as it relates to our business. But that does not mean that we are not going to experience some degree of volatility. And oh, by the way, that's okay. Our business was constructed and our management team was constructed to deal with that kind of volatility and manage it to the best of our ability and generate long-term returns for our shareholders.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, it's interesting. The reality of it is, is that everybody always predicts the end of a recession two quarters late. So it's always difficult to predict it when you're in it, and I don't mean that to sound like a cynic. A lot of it will be predicated on, let's just say, the behavior of others in the industry because we only have so much. We are encouraged by some of the actions that, for example, Samsung in terms of curtailing their investment plans, and we're working with our joint venture partner to temper our expansion plans in 2018. If we're successful in that regard, wherever we're at in the cycle, it will make it shorter, and it will make it less steep. And our job is to do what we can to control and influence our aspect of our operations.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I think that, first off, we talk about a balanced capital allocation plan, right? And let's be honest, our first job is running our business. And in that regard, we are clearly not capital challenged, I wouldn't say. And so right now if you look at it, and I'll just give this as a point of reference, our major competitor in the hard drive space is down two factories. Now we have been rationalizing our hard drive footprint for a while, because we have the HGST and the WD combination. So we used to have four hard drive factories; now, we're down to three. And so from a capital optimization perspective in terms of our footprint, we are not as optimized as our competition. And so we want to make sure that we've got a competitive cost structure in that regard. Now is the right time to do it. We've got things optimized in terms of those three factories. In other words, the capability of the other sites to accept the volume out of Kuala Lumpur is there. We've got a solid transition plan in place that'll take us a little bit of time to execute in a way that is rational and does not disrupt supply as it relates to our customer base. And we think it's the right thing to do and we've got sufficient capital to do that. And oh, by the way, because we can do both, we also think that it's a wise use of our capital to repurchase our stock, particularly at these levels.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, let me – so first on the capacity enterprise side just to be clear, the 14 terabyte is not a MAMR product, but it will be ramping towards the tail end of this calendar year, and we think we are in a good position to continue to maintain our leadership at high capacity – at the highest capacity points in that segment. Relative to our plans around enterprise SSD, as we've talked about, we have announced a high-performance NVMe product a quarter or so ago. We just a day or so ago announced a new SAS enterprise SSD. Those are high performance products, certainly will help us gain some traction within those product revenues, but we would expect the more material capability and impact to our P&L would occur in calendar 2019 as we ramp more mainstream NVMe product. So we're making good progress, but the things we're launching now are really good to sort of defend our position at the highest performance part of the market, and more broad expansion would occur in 2019.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So I think Mark mentioned one of the drivers, or the main driver of our model update was really the trend of both capacity enterprise as a percentage of the total hard drive business, which of course is the higher margin part of that business, and the continued shift to flash as a percentage of our total, as well as the mix of our flash business. Both those things are driving that update in our model.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So, Rob, this is Steve. I'll take that question, and we've talked about this fairly openly. If I look at our business, kind of scan it and give a report card in terms of execution, our execution in the enterprise SSD area has not been as good as it needs to be. It is a strong focus of ours, there is no question. It has been a strong focus for a long time. We've had some execution issues from a product development perspective. We've talked about those. We've made some changes. We're making some progress, and you're going to begin to see some new product introductions in that area, given some of the changes that we've made as we approach the end of this calendar year and into 2019. It'll begin to have a more material impact in terms of our financial results as we progress through 2019. But that is clearly an area that I have been disappointed in from an execution standpoint, but make no mistake, it is a key focus item for us as a company.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I think that we have – we, with our joint venture partner, have, I will call it, complete control over what we do from a capital perspective. Clearly, we can't control what our competitors do and so – but yeah, we have that lever in conjunction or in consultation with our joint venture partner to affect the deployed capital in terms of expanding or converting capacity in our factories in Japan. Now relative to ceding market share, I mean that would be a calibration point that we would use to determine how much – in terms of where we would want to end up. It's not necessarily the only metric, but clearly one of the factors that we would consider along with what sort of return we would get on that deployed capital is where would that position us from a competitive standpoint including market share. So it's a consideration but it's not an absolute thing that we would look at as a red light/green light kind of decision point.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, cost declines have been – well, first off, let's talk about when we talked historically. We've talked about a range of 15% to 25% and in terms of per-bit cost declines on an annual basis. We've also indicated that this year we expect to be at the midpoint of that. The reality of that kind of getting to your point is that that does not necessarily occur in a linear fashion as you move through a year. And as we move to new node points, sometimes, the cost challenges can be more acute on the front end as opposed to on the back end. And so it may have some impact in terms of our margins as it relates to the September quarter. But we remain, I'll call it, committed or we still believe that cost declines will be in that 15% to 25% longer term and 20% for us kind of midpoint for calendar 2018.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So you're right, Sherri, in terms of where we thought we would be in margins and where we are now. It is almost entirely driven by a softer demand environment, particularly in the mobility segment, which is creating a different supply-demand dynamic, therefore pressuring ASPs more than we anticipated. So you're absolutely right. And then I'll have Mark address the second question.
Stephen D. Milligan: I mean it's a long-term risk factor as we've talked about before, but it is having no impact in terms of the recent dynamics. (52:13)
Stephen D. Milligan: There's no meaningful output. There's no meaningful output coming from China, I mean. And if there is any output, it's not at any, let's just call it, capacity point that would compete against our products.
Stephen D. Milligan: All right. So thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to updating you as we move forward, and thank you for your interest in our company. Have a good day.
Michael D. Cordano: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Our June quarter performance once again highlights the power of the Western Digital platform. Strong demand for our products helped deliver year-over-year revenue growth in all of our reported categories. The transition to 3D flash technologies in the flash joint venture fabs continued as planned, and we made further improvements in our manufacturing efficiencies. In Data Center Devices and Solutions, demand from our cloud customers drove continued adoption of our high-capacity helium drives, particularly at the 12 terabyte capacity. Strong demand for these products reflects the needs of cloud customers to upgrade their infrastructure and build new data centers to support the unabated growth in data. Our helium drives gained further traction on a global basis in both established and emerging markets. On a cumulative basis, since the launch of our helium platform, we have shipped more than 30 million drives underscoring our multigenerational leadership position. We estimate that the overall exabyte growth in capacity enterprise was more than 90% year-over-year in the first half of calendar 2018. And we continue to estimate more than 65% year-over-year growth for calendar 2018. Switching to Client Devices, we began revenue shipments of our latest NVMe client SSDs with additional product qualifications progressing as planned. In the June quarter, we expanded our surveillance portfolio with the introduction of the Western Digital Purple 12 terabyte drive, which is the industry's highest capacity surveillance-class product. This latest addition to Western Digital's portfolio creates new possibilities in video surveillance by supporting the capture and access of multi high resolution video streams for use cases such as deep learning and analytics. In embedded applications, we saw further adoption of our 3D flash-based products. The design win pipeline for emerging applications in the automotive, industrial and connected home verticals remains strong. In the Client Solutions category, the worldwide appeal of our G-Tech, SanDisk and WD brands continue to drive consumer preference for our products. In the established markets, we expanded our presence in the e-tail channel and achieved better than expected June quarter performance, notably in APAC and China. Last week, we announced the industry's first 96-layer 4 bits per cell QLC 3D flash technology. This new 3D flash chip delivers the industry's highest storage capacity of 1.33 terabits in a single die, reflecting the deep flash technology design and implementation expertise of our team. We have commenced sampling, and volume consumer product shipments are expected to begin later this calendar year. Turning to our flash joint ventures, the ramp of our BiCS3, our 64-layer 3D flash technology, progressed well with manufacturing yields setting new records. The transition to BiCS4, our 96-layer technology, is also underway, and for the full calendar year 2018, we expect our 3D flash bit output to constitute nearly 75% of our total captive bit supply. As Steve described the flash market is continuing to normalize. And in response to these dynamic conditions, we are in discussions with Toshiba Memory Corporation, our joint venture partner, to moderate the near-term pace of capital investments. We are working to ensure that any changes to our investment plans are done with the intent to moderate the pace of flash supply growth without compromising our technology leadership. As we have stated previously, we are continuing to rationalize our hard drive manufacturing footprint as part of our ongoing integration activities. To this point, we recently informed employees of our plan to decommission hard drive manufacturing at our Kuala Lumpur site. Implementation of this plan has commenced, and we will be moving our operations to Thailand over the next 18 months. In summary, with our unique portfolio, we are able to address and capture the opportunities presented by the growth in and the increasing value of data. With the continued expansion of our product portfolio in calendar 2018 and beyond, we are confident that the Western Digital platform is well-positioned to deliver the best financial and strategic outcomes in a variety of market conditions. I will now turn the call over to Mark for the financial overview.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So the cost declines are within our range on annual basis, so we've talked about 15% to 25%, that's kind of ongoing. As you see in our guidance, Aaron, obviously, we expect ASPs to come down a bit faster than that, and that's what's having the effect. Relative to our flash margins, I think we continue to see them healthy in a context that you just talked about relative to legacy SanDisk margins.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so relative to that you're right, the unit growth is muted, and relative to our previous expectation, it's come in lower than expectations. So I think that continued unit trend is there, and the unit trend and the capacity mix has been below our original expectations.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. I think in general, we think the bit growth for next year is sort of the middle of our range, and given our comments, with a bias to the lower end of the range. And it's really about supply-demand balance and where things end. So as Steve just mentioned, it's market-based pricing, and so we would expect our cost progression to be roughly within our range as well. So nothing untoward and really is going to be tied to the supply-demand balance.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. To this point, it's not been anything material. As things progress, we did see during the period of allocation that we actually saw a slowing of flash penetration in PC adoption. We would expect and we have seen the initial indications of that progression continuing as we moved into this normalized period.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. I think when you think about our Capacity Enterprise business and those particular buyers, we have a range of different commercial agreements with them, and certainly in several instances, they are longer than a quarter long. And there's different mechanisms there, but yes, I think they are looking to assure supply over a longer horizon, and they're working with us to find the right way to do that that's mutually beneficial.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. As I mentioned on earlier question, we've seen a little bit of the resumption that was really us coming off the allocation period more into the normalized period. We'll see as the rest of this calendar year and early calendar 2019 occur, but you would expect there will be some elasticity there. That's been the case in the past, and we would expect we will see some of it.
Mark P. Long: Well, the two main drivers are the greater mix of flash revenue which will be at a higher margin, and then the increasing mix of capacity enterprise hard drives. So both of those drive a higher margin profile.
Mark P. Long: Yeah, so in terms of our restructuring charges over time, we're looking at approximately $160 million that'll be spread over three fiscal years. So some of that was reflected in fiscal 2018. We'll have kind of the majority in 2019 and then a little bit in 2020. In terms of – we haven't set out our targets for value creation publicly, but we do feel we're going to get a very good return on that restructuring.
Mark P. Long: Well, we expect the pricing environment, as Mike and Steve indicated, to remain the same in terms of normalizing. So we would expect the declines to be roughly the same and...
Mark P. Long: Yes. Sherri, that's a very clever way to try to have us give you guidance for the fourth calendar quarter. But the answer is yes, we will – we're still confident that we'll be able to exceed $13 a share in calendar 2018 EPS. So as Steve highlighted, our earnings power for the platform remains strong. We are going through this normalization period, and the teams and the business model are constructed to manage through that.
Mark P. Long: Sure. So as we highlighted, we've a balanced capital allocation strategy, and we are still committed to deleveraging as one of our priorities. At this point, we do have more flexibility because we've been able to restructure our debt and we've been paying it down, so we're comfortable with where it is. We expect to continue to delever over time, and as we talked about, we're very happy with the way we brought down our interest expense through our debt restructuring transaction. So we feel like we're able to do both, and we're able to allocate the right amount of capital to running our business as well.
