Timothy M. Leyden: Sherri, this is Tim. As we pointed out in the scripts, it is a very live situation. We are looking at mechanical components of the ones that seem to be the most impacted at this stage when we look at the external components. In our own case, we're impacted internally through the slider fab because the vast majority of our product, of our internal sliders are made in Bang Pa-in at the ground floor, which is now inundated with water. We also process small percentage of WD wafers through a slider fab in the Philippines, which we will be ramping up. And in addition, you'll recall that our long-term model for our finished heads is to purchase 10% to 20% from the merchant market. So what we see is, in our case, the slider fab is the limiting situation. And we see mechanical components and motors significantly impacted. But we are not in a position to be able to provide insight into how that impacts the rest of the industry and it would be merely speculative on our part at this stage.
Timothy M. Leyden: We're looking at every possible option in order to improve our capacity. But right now, we're more constrained by material and component availability. But there is plans underway to be able to react and to increase our production in the Malaysian factory and indeed, to extract the equipment from the buildings that are currently inundated and put them in other clean room locations. All of that is -- the planning for that is underway. But as you can imagine, with the infrastructure and the logistical problems that are there, it is not an easy task because the water is still surrounding our facilities. So we'll have to figure out a way to extract the water and/or figure out a way that we can use the water in order to extract equipment. And as well as that we are looking at new -- at purchasing equipment, et cetera in order to make sure that we can react to our customer needs because this is a significant issue for all the constituents involved, the customers, employees, ourselves, the community and shareholders, we understand the seriousness of this.
Timothy M. Leyden: Yes, I can't speculate on the length of the period. I mean, the WD team has effectively in times past been able to take facilities from just a shell and bring it up and get it up to high volume in a relatively short period of time, certainly within -- well within the period that you mention. Then as far as the Malaysia is concerned, it is, as you can well imagine also, there does has to be some reconfiguration. We have to make sure that we can run all the different array of products in there, so there has to be some reconfiguration. But again, that is something we have done before, something that the team is very skilled at and we've got a very dedicated team. And they're looking at every possible option in order to get the plant up and running. But as I say, right know, our biggest constraint is components.
John F. Coyne: Well, there are people that were able to engage in order to provide an evaluation of similar situations, which we are pursuing. And we did remove, in many cases, we removed the electronics from the heavier equipment and got it up to higher ground. But there's a -- it really is going to depend on an assessment once we get in, have a look and see what sort of impact from the water. And perhaps any other -- monitor whatever else is in there. And we're looking at obviously the equipment manufacturers and the people who would be able to provide equipment. We're looking in the used market and so we're looking at every possible option.
John F. Coyne: Yes, we carry flood insurance for both our equipment and inventory and we also have business interruption insurance.
John F. Coyne: Sure. We think the distribution inventory exiting last quarter was in the 4-week range. We believe that the OEM jet hub inventories will be at about the 2-week range. And then our own inventories, the majority of which was on boats at quarter end, I think probably about 1 week. Our competitors, as you know, tend to run a little heavier on inventory than we do. So from an -- I would think that the distribution comment, industry level and WD levels, are equivalent. I think in the OEM jet situation, you're probably around that same number with a larger number of weeks in enterprise inventory. And then I think internal company inventories you could readily see from a review of their financials.
John F. Coyne: I think, Mark, Tim indicated that the immediate constraint for us as we enter November here is the slider fab capacity that is currently offline. And we're making concerted efforts to take that away from being -- become the first constrained item. Next set of items are components. And as Tim said, I think it's too early. We are beginning to develop a reasonable understanding of how that component availability and the actions in train in our supply base affect WD. It's still ongoing in terms of -- many supplier facilities are shut down in order to assure the safety of their employees and to allow time to try to protect equipment and so on. But those facilities may or may not be subsequently inundated and the surrounding roads and access may or may not be passable in the near future. So it's a very developing situation that we're watching. Right now, there's a significant degree of uncertainty as you saw in Wolfgang's numbers around our estimates as to what we can accomplish. And frankly, we're much more concerned about that and our ability to support our customers and to restore our business than we are in looking at what's going on in the rest of the industry.
John F. Coyne: I don't think there was anything out of line with expectations. I mean, we saw flattish desktop and a little bit of growth in notebook. But pretty much in line with expectations right across the mix of products and markets and I think we had said 170 to 175, we came in at 176 for the market. And I don't think there was anything significant in kind of pattern changes within that market. Maybe one little thing, Europe was maybe a tad stronger than we expected and the U.S. was maybe a tad weaker than we expected.
John F. Coyne: Yes, I think the inventory buffer is right through the pipeline, so you would have to estimate that, that would be the case. Because people, in our case, some of our inventory obviously is compromised because of the flooding. In others, they probably have more inventory and the pipeline can use it. And the same thing from the suppliers, had inventory in the pipeline that is currently getting used. So you would have to surmise that the -- that it would be more difficult in the next quarter than in the current quarter. Plus, I think people in this quarter tend to bring a little bit heavier inventory of finished goods because it's front-end loaded. And so consequently, there's probably a little bit of tailwind from that too that might be there from other quarters. So yes, I believe so.
John F. Coyne: I mean the timing, we're eagerly awaiting for the time-out of the EU process, 30th of November. We're working very hard with all the other regulatory authorities to try to bring them to a conclusion around about the same time. And we will, as soon as we have regulatory clearance, be looking to consummate the transaction as soon as possible. In terms of Hitachi's footprint in Thailand, we believe that their 2 facilities, significant I think probably a little less to Thailand's output relative to total output than WD. And those facilities are outside of the current flood area. As to their supply lines and so on, we have no information.
John F. Coyne: Again, we're going to have to look at the basics behind what drives it, what drives pricing. And obviously, supply is a significant factor. But as well as that, there will be extraordinary efforts carried out by everybody in order to try and see if they can get as much volume into the supply chain as possible. And that will require expediting charges, it will require logistical charges and it will require a significant amount of extra effort, probably extra overtime working and just to mention a few. So that will have to be recovered in the pricing by the people that are doing those extraordinary efforts. And we will have to give some simply monies to the suppliers in order to be able to do that also. So it will be -- I think there'll be upward pressure on pricing right through the supply chain.
John F. Coyne: So it depends on the type of equipment. And if it's a test equipment for instance. And in our case, if you look at what has been submerged, the fiber fab equipment has been submerged. Obviously, we've had some test equipment submerged although we have electronics removed from that. And some HGA [ph] equipment, although that's a relatively small percentage of our total volume. So in the case of test equipment probably can be done. If you are to replace it with new equipment, probably can be done in the 3 to 5 month region. Assembly equipment can probably be done -- again, making assumptions that the people that make this equipment are not dependent on the componentry [ph] and selection [ph] around the affected areas. And then if it has anything to do with wafer- and fab-type equipment, it's obviously a longer lead time. Probably, you're talking about somewhere in the 9- to 12-month region in that particular case.
John F. Coyne: I think that's an area we're also very focused on. I think Wolfgang's OpEx guidance gives you some hint as to how we're thinking about that, we're viewing this entirely differently from the 2008 economic collapse, where we were looking at a projected fall-off in demand and sizing our business appropriately. We're looking at this as a short-term interruption of our ability to manufacture. The demand side of our equation continues to be highly robust and our challenge is how to address that as quickly as possible and as effectively as possible. So we're committed to ensuring that when we get back into full production, we're producing up-to-the-minute products that are responsive to customer need at that time. So we're continuing our investment in engineering, we're fairly focused on expanding activity here in the short term in our U.S. prototype manufacturing facilities and we will be carving out a piece of the Malaysia manufacturing capacity, which is currently dedicated to future products and product development. And that will be maintained focused on future product development.
John F. Coyne: I think the flexibility that a post-combination environment gives us relative to mixing and matching of available parts, of all available production tooling, et cetera, getting this deal done quickly is very beneficial to the overall return of the industry supply and, therefore, very beneficial to customers. So all of the things that we said about the deal and why it was good for our customers, good for us, good for our employees, good for our suppliers, all of those things hold true and have been amped up by the current situation. So we're very eager to get to grips with this and immediately move into a consummated deal that can get regulatory approval.
John F. Coyne: Well, I would certainly hope so. And that I believe the regulators would view their role as being to protect the consumer. And I see no better way to protect the consumer than making high-quality product highly available. And so I would hope they would adopt that view. We will certainly be pushing in that direction. And if we continue to work with them to propose what we believe are clear benefits of the deal.
John F. Coyne: I don't think there's any. I mean, the deal -- we did the deal as a long-term deal and we believe that current situation is a -- I don't want to downplay it. It's very serious situation, but it is short term in nature and we will recover from it. And we view the benefits of the deal as long term but the quicker we get the deal done, the faster we're going to access those benefits and pass them on to our customer base.
John F. Coyne: It's probably correct that some of the OEMs tend to skinny out inventory a bit at the end of their quarter. But most of the OEM volume that we support has different quarter ends than us. They're offset by a month, so the major -- a number of the major OEMs are -- this month are in their run end to the end of their quarter.
John F. Coyne: I think the -- typically, yes, we have an internal qualification process that as we bring up any new facility or any new piece of equipment, there's a prescribed process that we go through to validate it. And I'm very confident given the discussions I've had with all of our major customers over the past several days as this situation has emerged, that with the strong support we're receiving from all of our customers that we will work out a parallel process where our bring-up qualifications are done in parallel with the customers' requirements so that, as we're ready to press the go button, everybody will be satisfied that, that is a controlled, high-quality, ready-for-mass volume situation and we won't lose any time by overlapping -- by doing those qualifications sequentially.
John F. Coyne: In looking at satisfying our customer base, we will focus on being fair and equitable to all branches of our business. The business that's prosecuted directly under the Western Digital brand, as well as that of our OEMs and that of our distribution partners. And to that end, we stopped shipments last weekend in order that we could get our arms around where everything is and ensure that as we began shipping again, that product was allocated appropriately to the long-term established business partnerships in our customer base.
John F. Coyne: It's not that high. But it is a majority, the substantial majority of our production. And yes, we are working with partners, have been working with partners for some time to rapidly ramp our partnership accessible capacity. And also, we're working to execute plans to bring some of our own capacity back up in short order.
John F. Coyne: Well, thank you all very much for tuning in to the call today. As you can imagine, we'll be highly focused in the weeks and months ahead to ensure the continued well-being of our employees and to complete our business recovery from this significant but temporary setback. And we will keep you informed of our progress. Thank you.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I can give you some guidance there. Obviously, you start at the last levels that were specified. Depreciation runs at about $160 million that you add back. For the capital that we've already received and that we are obligated to pay and that we'll pay, you can assume roughly $150 million. That does not include replacement capital. As Tim said, it's simply impossible for us to estimate that at the current point in time. As you know, we have about $31 million of scheduled debt repayments every quarter. And we do expect some impact on the working capital, in particular, as we support some of the suppliers that are hit very, very hard by this. If you assume $100 million impact just as a working assumption, you would see that our cash impact, based on the guidance we have given, is anywhere between $375 million and $475 million. And again, that excludes the one-time expenditures that we will incur for incremental services, replacement equipment, et cetera.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: No, I think you need to review the math. In the revenue guidance, there's a small portion of products that are not price-dependent in there as well but implied in our guidance is marginally increased pricing.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I'll give you a couple of pointers. First of all, you're right, the guidance actually implies negative gross margin. We're dealing with a substantial portion of what we will call fixed cost. You know, what the depreciation is but there's a very significant factor, the infrastructure, that will stay there since it's a small, short-term issue to deal with. Then we're also dealing with certain costs that you would ordinarily describe as variable but they're already sticky because we're paying our workforce in Thailand, for instance. And then you're dealing with cost related to your input materials. Those are from a mix between internal and external components and then a general, I think you mentioned it, expediting of input materials and that's all affected in the mass. But you're right, it's a negative gross margin.
