John Coyne: I think we’ve seen a modest awakening in the commercial sector and we continue to map that to be relatively modest in the current quarter and probably through mid year with a continuing uptick as we head into the back half of the year.
John Coyne: I think you’re correct that inventory levels have been extremely lean since April, since the recovery in demand surprised all of us and has continued to move along at a good clip. If you look at our estimates for demand, the 152 to 158 number that Tim just gave, that is reflecting some spillover of unfulfilled demand from the December quarter. If you look at total industry demonstrated capability last quarter, and I certainly don’t think anybody was holding back product, then potentially we could rebuild a couple of million units into inventory through the quarter running full out which wouldn’t move the needle very much off of a very lean inventory environment. So I expect if there’s any real inventory replenishment to get things into a more traditional sustainable model, that will occur in the June quarter and that will be required to occur in the June quarter in order to support what we expect a very robust back half of the year. And again, I believe industry supply chain investments are lagging opportunity and will constrain total availability through the entire calendar year.
John Coyne: Relative to strength in the external storage market, the branded product market, the vast majority of that is for independently purchase external attach as distinct from bundling with initial sales of PC’s.Steven Fox – Calyon Securities (USA): Is there any other color around what drove the acceleration besides obviously better economic trending? Anything else that you would add whether it’s retail promotion? I don’t know what else.
John Coyne: The underlying them there I believe is the increasing proliferation of devices which only have capacity for transient storage and so those devices are interacting with tons of storage of content that people want to capture and store for extended periods. They’re generating content.  If you look at the number of devices today that have high resolution cameras and high resolution video capability so the amount of content being generated by the small devices with small capacity, solid state storage on board is generating huge demand for transfer to max storage capability that the best of which is the externally attached hard drive. So we think that’s the fundamental underlying driver. Relative to WD’s success in this area, I think we’ve talked before and we’re continuing to focus on the ease of use, the style, the convenience of product and delivering leading capacity points to the market and I think all of these things combined with our consistent interaction with our channel partners and consistent positioning of our product line makes that a very attractive line for our partners and results in a very high level of access for consumers for the WD brand.
John Coyne: Conservatism, I’m not sure. I think we’re really looking at what we see and interpreting the market. I can’t speak for Seagate. We did our own analysis and came up with those numbers and those are the numbers we’re comfortable with. In terms of the total growth for the market for calendar 2010, we don’t have any significant difference between ourselves and Seagate for those totals. Our different view of the current quarter is within 1.5%.
John Coyne: Two pieces in my response to that; the first relating to utilization, once again last quarter, the opportunity provided by our customers exceeded our expectation and consequently our desire to get utilizations down into the mid 90’s we didn’t achieve that. We ran at higher than 95% utilization all through the quarter. The second part of the question is correct. When you’re running at close to 100% utilization we lose some of the key value that we like to bring to customers which is the flexibility and availability equation to satisfy their needs for change. That’s number one. Number two, when you’re running very full there do tend to be some inefficiencies related to meeting the customer needs while running very full. So there is some sub optimized situations. [audio break]
John Coyne: Let me try to tackle that and I apologize for the dropped line. I’m not sure what happened. We are looking at the industry as I mentioned, we’re looking at we think a fundamental change in the demand for storage and an increase in that demand. And to some extend, the delinking of that demand from the underlying GDP growth rates or at least a multiplication of demand relative to GDP growth rates. So that’s a very, very positive thing. We believe that our drive technology is going to offer the most compelling solution for those increasing storage demands going forward for the foreseeable future. We believe you’ve seen in our performance and Seagate’s performance in the past quarter, I think you’re beginning to see the power of the large scale, vertically integrated companies when executing effectively and the consequent ability to continue to invest substantially in the technology to drive future solutions to that storage demand. So I think all of those things point towards a very positive environment. We’re not yet at the point where we’re altering our model, but I believe the vectors for storage needs, the consolidation in the industry, the consolidation in the supply chain, I think are all pointing towards an ability to up that model in the future.
John Coyne: Clearly a single product is not going to support the needs of our customers in the traditional enterprise space and we have a developed road map which we have discussed with customers and which we believe addresses a significant amount of their needs. I think on the previous call I indicated our expectation that within three years the enterprise, traditional enterprise space would be serviced over 90% by 2.5 inch 10K and that our solution for higher performance than that would be addressed with solid state. I also indicated we expect to have an enterprise ready solid state product line offering in 2011 and so we’ll continue to expand the current drive base 2.5 inch 10K SAS, continue to expand that product line over the course of this year and follow up with an extension to the product line with higher performance products in 2011.
John Coyne: I’m not sure exactly where we dropped you and I apologize for that. What our objective is, is to get back to the low to mid 90’s in terms of utilization so that we have ongoing day to day flexibility to move with the market. I don’t see accomplishing that in the current quarter. I’m hoping we’ll be able to achieve that in the June quarter, so that’s about the timing. And that’s driven just by our ability to bring in and commission and install and qualify the capital to accomplish that from an overall capacity perspective.  In relation to desktop, I think that the primary driver there, there’s a healthy resurgence in desktop commercial desktop demand. That continues to be a price sensitive business and the difference between replacing a desktop system which potentially can reuse a lot of accessories and so on versus going to mobile, combine that with CIO concerns about security and mobility of data and so on, I think there’s good life ahead of us in the desktop PC arena. On the consumer side of the desktop, it’s really the high end machines there that offer the geeks and freaks ability to configure systems out as they desire with very high performance, high capacity solutions. And then of course the 3.5 inch drives going into external solutions where increasingly we’re seeing adoption of home network systems; things like the WD World edition and WD Sharespace which provide whole home solutions for multiple network computers that are very simple to operate. These also have a healthy appetite for very high capacity 3.5 inch drives. So I think they’re the fundamental drivers of demand there.
John Coyne: I think the R&D spending with ramp. The percentage as a percent of revenue will be relatively static. You can see our total OpEx actually is down. Our range is 9% to 10%. We’re down at 8.2%.  If we continue, which I certainly hope we can, to grow revenue at a similar pace on a long term basis that we’ve achieved over the past number of years, then you can anticipate that our dollar spending in R&D will continue to increase. And back to my earlier comment about the ability of the large scale fully integrated companies to invest in the future of this technology, those investments are not trivial. They are over the next three to five years some very significant technical hurdles to be over come, new technologies to be introduced and we are currently spending heavily in those areas to ensure that our current ability to delivery industry leading capacities, ramp them into stable higher reliability products, that ability to lead the industry is maintained as we move through the significant technology changes in the future.
John Coyne: I have to re-characterize that a little. There has been no shift away from OEM’s. In fact we’ve increase our OEM business and we continue to provide very strong support of our OEM opportunities for growth.  We are also mindful of the opportunities in distribution and in branded and we’re continuing to apply resource and product allocation to those areas also. So we’re growing all across the board. If you look at the numbers for last quarter, the market grew by eight million units. We grew by 5.4 million units and a piece of those 5.4 million units went to each of the markets that we serve.
John Coyne: Head count primarily the head count increases are related to production personnel in our Asia facilities, heads, media and drives. If you run the numbers back over the last couple of years you’ll see that our productivity continues to improve as we ramp. But as we ramp substantial volumes we will also substantial people. We have increased our technical head count also and our professional head count and in those areas we’re now back at levels that are higher than pre recession levels. The good news about that process where we reduced some head count across the board last December through March has allowed us to rebuild with more current and future oriented skill sets and we have a significantly stronger professional and technical employee base today than we had a year ago.
John Coyne: We believe that the underlying digital content creation, the underlying life style changes and dependencies on the internet and the delivery and consumption of content, we believe these are very strong secular moves that are offering a growth path that is layered on top of the modest recovery that we’re seeing in worldwide economic activity today. Frankly we think the worldwide economic recovery is a lot more fragile that the growth in demand for digital content distribution and storage of all kinds. So what could go wrong would be I think the primary concern would be a macro economic event, a macro economic deterioration and where we’re watching actual demand very closely and events in the world around us to track that and what we can do in that environment if it were to occur would be similar to what we did when it occurred last year. On the other front, I think concerns that seem to swirl around about capacity investments being made in the industry are way over blown. If you look at our capital investment behavior over the past several years and recognize that the activities in which we’re investing haven’t significantly changed. If you go back to 2003 we were a pure play drive assembly company with very low CapEx requirements. We added heads which engendered a significant increase in CapEx requirements. We then added media in 2007 which adds a further level of CapEx requirement. But in all cases, we have been very close coupled in terms of our investment decisions relative to, all made on a back off the day we think they’re needed by the lead time of the equipment. We work very hard with our capital equipment supply base to limit those lead times and continually shorten those lead times. So we’re very focused on just in time investment to support what we believe is real demand.  We’ve also shown in the last year, a willingness and ability to tune our utilization of the assets that we have in invested in to the actual market requirements, and we’ve demonstrated that doing that, that behavior generates far more reward for us than any other behavior. I think most of our colleagues in the industry similar learning and similar behavior. So I’m very positive about the industry’s ability to see what’s going on in terms of real demand and take appropriate actions to match supply to that demand.  The biggest concern I have right now is that the level of investment being put into capital by the extended supply chain is inadequate to support the opportunities that we believe are there through the end of the calendar year.
John Coyne: I expect it will. You’ll observe from the numbers that the combination of media players and solid state drives taken together are the fastest growing component of our business and they’re both growing and we anticipate they will both continue to grow. Again, I think we’ll break them out somewhat more as they become individually larger and significant to the overall business results. I’m not quite sure when that will be. The sooner the better as far as I’m concerned.
John Coyne: What we’ve given before from a stratification view point on gross margin we’ve got the engineering products which is enterprise and SSD has the highest margin. The next tier margin comes from the consumer type products which is DDR, branded and WD TV and the lower tier is the OEM heavy products which is desktop and notebook.
John Coyne: Yes, we believe it is and some two years ago now we introduced the WD Greenpower drive technology to the market and we’re seeing increasing adoption of that technology both in external storage, in DVR’s in notebooks, in desktops and in the enterprise SATA environment. We think that technology provides a significant value where we’re seeing customers acknowledge that. Certainly there’s a lot of work going on in the enterprise environment that is developing the management tools to come up with more effective tiered storage solutions that are using I think the system that EMC announced last week if I’m not mistaken, had an SSD layer and high capacity ATA for the bulk storage providing a complete high performance, high capacity storage system. We believe that’s a significant trend as we look out into the future and we’re aiming to have products to support that trend.
John Coyne: Assuming seasonality in the June quarter likely we would seek to level load our capital investment by increasing inventory exiting the June quarter to support what is typically a significant ramp requirement at the end of the September quarter.
John Coyne: Actually it’s to the contrary. By operating at 93% to 95% on a planned basis against our anticipation of overall demand volume it allows us the flexibility to respond to opportunity to go after mix opportunities that are outside the scope of our pre-planned production. Traditionally, WD has done very well in building customer satisfaction on the one hand which tends to be sticky and on the other hand building profitability by jumping into opportunities presented by missteps by competition or by changed market conditions that are recognized late and where customers are seeking to respond quickly to that. So having that flexibility to respond in short order to upside opportunities or to mix changes is actually a benefit when it comes to overall financial performance.
John Coyne: On the gross margin, we know those numbers. We actually have if we look at it for last quarter from a ranking viewpoint, cost improvement was number one. Mix was number two. Utilization was number three and then we had benign pricing percentage.
John Coyne: I think yes to both. That’s my concern about industry supply chain investments, that the timeline relative to those investments even if made today, it’s going to be a push to get significant output from those investments in the back half of 2010. So I believe we’re going to run constrained all the way through the back half of the year and into ’11. Thank you all for joining us today. I apologize about the brief interruption in service during the call. We look forward to keeping you informed of progress in the quarters ahead. Thank you.
Timothy Leydon: It’s at 23% margin model range and it is, we’re comfortable with it the current product and segment mix. We have indicated that as we gain more traction in the traditional enterprise market that we would get to a 10% market share. It would add about 7.5% or so to the margin model. But it’s our long term margin model. We’re comfortable with it at the moment, but there is opportunity for us to be able to expand that and we are forecasting for Q3 that we will be above the top of the margin model range. So it is possible given behavior of competitors, the supply demand balance, the industry conditions and the segment mix to actually to above the upper end of that model range.
Timothy Leydon: On the flat to down pricing, it’s the average pricing I’m referring to. We don’t give out like to like pricing. The reason that we’re modeling that is because the demand is down. We’re anticipating that demand be down from 160 to 158 or at least that’s the high end of the range we’re modeling. There is also, we have strength, we have the strongest competitive position in 2.5 inch and as you know in the September and December quarters, some of our competitors turned their attention towards small form factor and gaming and in the March quarter they’ve come back into the market and address the more mainstream product. So consequently with that as a backdrop, that’s why we’re modeling it to be down.
Timothy Leydon: I think it’s closer to 24% on the midpoint and we’re guiding to that because we believe that as I’ve indicated previously, we talked about the market size. We indicated that we think it will be in the 152 to 158 million range. We also have got strength in 2.5 inch. We’ve got the strongest position there, the strongest market position and that’s got the most competition. As well, we’re servicing gaming and small form factor turn their attention to servicing that market in the March time frame after the Christmas rush. So consequently those are the reason why we’re looking at the decline in margin. And it’s pretty similar to the decline that we heard yesterday from Seagate.
Timothy Leydon: We seek to optimize everywhere we can improving costs, improving mix, taking advantage of the market demand and assuming inventory stays in balance and the rest of the folks in the industry are rational.
Timothy Leydon: We started off originally with our CapEx forecast at the beginning of the year we had $600 million and at that stage we were actually front end loading that $600 million in order to deal with the strong demand that we foresaw in the September and December quarters and as we have seen the unexpectedly strong demand from then on, we’ve been turning to add capacity on a just in time basis and that’s really what we’re aiming to do. So we would like if we really had our choice we would really like to book capacity in the weaker quarters in order to be ready for the stronger quarters, but we try to do things on a just in time basis because we’re trying to respond to customer needs. So I think our capital position is adequate to address what we see as the strong demand. If it comes out stronger we’ll make provisions to increase it if necessary.Jayson Nolan – Robert W. Baird: If you could just talk to use of cash in general as it builds up here on your balance sheet.
Timothy Leydon: We kept our cash during the downturn mainly because at the time, lots of things have been forgotten now, but at the time we were wondering whether we had enough cash and with the macro economic situation being the way it was. We still remain cautious but we’re using it for operational and strategic purposes as opposed to using it for capital restructuring or whatever. Our goal is to find and extend product lines and to spend money operationally because we believe that in the long them that that provides the best value and the best return for our shareholders.
Timothy Leydon: From a CapEx viewpoint our model is to stay within 7% to 8% of revenue and in the past when we were not vertically integrated we had a lesser percentage. Then as we added heads and more lately media, it went from about 6.5% prior to media up to 7% to 8% that we have right now. When we look at the capital you have to look at over a long term. If you look at it in shorter terms it can appear lumpy but over the longer term, we’ve pretty much been almost three way between heads, media and assembly and test, pretty much split evenly. We don’t have a number to tell you about the replenishment number.
