John F. Coyne: Thanks, Bob. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. For the second consecutive quarter, demand for hard drives was stronger than we expected as the positive industry conditions that first materialized in the June quarter continued throughout the September quarter. The demand strength is primarily consumer driven, and we believe it is underpinned by the growing social media phenomenon. This is creating strong demand in mobile and desktop PCs, near-line enterprise and external storage markets. We believe that overall hard drive industry shipments totaled 152 million units in the quarter, flat with the year-ago quarter and up 15% sequentially from 132 million units in the June quarter. Inventory of ATA drives in distribution was down from 33 to 30 days quarter-on-quarter, while drive manufacturer’s inventory was further reduced from a historically low 7 days of sales ending the June quarter to just under 6 days at the end of September, reflecting both the unexpectedly strong demand and continued industry discipline in managing the vitally important supply/demand dynamic. We are very pleased with our progress in Fiscal Q1 in addressing our primary objective of sustained profitable growth. For the second consecutive quarter, we increased our weekly production rate by over 18 percent in a supply constrained environment, providing strong support of our customers’ growth opportunities. Continued customer preference for WD products, upside in overall market demand and outstanding execution by the WD team generated record revenue on record unit shipments. A moderate pricing environment, combined with our passionate focus on cost and efficiency, enabled gross margin above the high end of our model range. We contained operating expenses under the low end of our model, while growing our R&D investment 7% year-on-year and 8% sequentially. We continue to realize tangible benefit from the substantial investments we have made in technology, products, processes and capacity over the last several years.  We continue to lead the industry in time-to–market volume shipments of leading capacity points in all segments of the ATA drive market. In Q1 we began shipping our WD Scorpio Blue 1TB, 750GB and 640GB hard drives utilizing 333 GB-per platter technology. Additionally we led the market with shipment of our 2TB 3.5-inch hard drives to the Near-Line Enterprise, External Storage, Desktop, and CE markets. In Branded Products, we continued to grow our business in Q1, even as we simultaneously refreshed our entire External Storage product line-up. Our stylish, new offerings include smaller, smarter, more portable and secure MyPassport and MyBook solutions that feature new WD SmartWare backup, synchronization and content visualization software, hardware encryption and our innovative E-Label display -- all delivering additional value and ease of use to the consumer. This product-refresh positions us well for continued growth as we enter the holiday season and the year ahead. We also expanded our line of media players with the introduction of the WD TV Mini, with support for the RealVideo format, providing an affordable and convenient way for consumers to play their stored digital content and the WD TV Live, featuring network connectivity and 1080p resolution. Before I pass the call to Tim Leyden, I want to thank the WD team and our supply partners for outstanding execution in seizing the upside opportunities that emerged throughout the quarter. Once again we have further strengthened WD in our long-term mission of generating sustained profitable growth. Tim. 
John F. Coyne: I think we need to bear in mind the background in the industry. Essentially since calendar Q4 of ’07, the industry has had an installed demonstrated capacity in excess of 155 million units per quarter. Since that time, on a quarterly basis, I think the industry has reacted very well to the actual demand in the marketplace and adjusted utilization of installed capacity to address demand as demand emerged, particularly so since Q4 of ’08 and through the first couple of quarters of this calendar year.  So I think the concerns about installed capacity are a little overblown.  Secondly, from a Western Digital perspective, we have been adding capacity on a just-in-time basis to address real demand from our customers as it has emerged. We, as Tim mentioned, our 44.1 million units last quarter was a record for the company, an all-time record for the company. We continue to see strong demand from our customers. We continue to be very encouraged by the demonstration through the last six months in terms of the recovery of demand once an inventory adjustment had been made, says to me that that PCs and the ability to store and distribute digitized content is becoming a necessity to today’s lifestyle rather than an extra. And so I believe there is very strong underlying demand that will continue.  As we look at the -- we don’t know what the industry plans are for investment going forward. When we look at Western Digital CapEx plans, our investments in heads and media tend to be on a six to 12-month outbound decision-making, so that we need to decide now what we think the market is going to look like a year from now in terms of our investments in our wafer fab and our slider fab from a head perspective, and in our media substrate and sputtering operations.  In our assembly operations, both the assembly of our heads into a GAs and headstacks and the assembly of our drives, our lead times are much shorter horizon than that and tend to be in the three month to six month time horizon. So we’re making decisions in relation to assembly capacity essentially on a three-month lead of our view of the market. 
John F. Coyne: I think our objective is to be as competitive and as significant in that market over time as we have become in every other market segment that we have developed products for and provided availability, quality, reliability, and service to. 
John F. Coyne: I think the industry as a whole, the entire supply chain is tight pretty much across the board, and I believe that’s primarily an outcome of the strength of demand that significantly exceeded expectations, the expectations of our customers as communicated to us, our expectations as communicated to our supply base. And I think the industry has been ratcheting up the -- our view of opportunity and consequently trying to ramp production to support that and that has stretched the supply chain. There are -- so everything is pretty tight. There’s been some spotty shortages in that chain, primarily in substrates, class substrates for 2.5-inch media, is probably the tightest.  But overall, I think the industry has performed pretty well in stepping up to the opportunities and satisfying the majority but not all of the demand. And I think it’s very important to continue to do that because if we fail our customers in terms of ability to supply to their needs for them to satisfy their growth opportunities, then they will find alternatives. So it behooves us to ensure that we are finding a way to address the temporary tightness and shortages in the supply chain to take advantage of and to support the opportunities that our customers are providing. 
John F. Coyne: Well, I mentioned the -- I mean, the inventory situation in the drive business is extremely lean. It’s at the lowest levels that we’ve seen in over three years. So if we then move on to the -- what visibility we have into our customer base and the pipelines between them and the end consumer, it’s our belief looking at all of the available data that the back-to-school builds were pretty much correctly targeted at the market demand that emerged during a back-to-school season. We are now kind of based off that positive, we are looking at the builds that are in transit to the market for the holiday season. And the kind of seasonal indicators seem to be lining up very well for a positive holiday season. 
John F. Coyne: 17 is probably a bit sporty from a turns perspective and I think we had indicated our model is in the 14-ish kind of range, 14 to 16. 
John F. Coyne: We’ve seen a little up-tick in the enterprise side of the corporate space. We’ve not seen much in the way of tick-up in the commercial PC environment. 
John F. Coyne: Well, I mean, we pretty much end of life the existing product line and positioned the new product lines during the course of the month of September and early October, so we now pretty well positioned across all regions, all channels with the refreshed products, both in the mobile 2.5-inch passport and in the 3.5-inch mybook product line, so we are feeling very good about the management of that transition, the fact that while typically you tend to get a kind of pause in sales in those while you are trying to take out the old and restock the new. We’ve actually maintained and grown very significantly quarter over quarter while we were accomplishing that. 
John F. Coyne: To amplify that, the vast bulk of the OpEx related to our enterprise business is already embedded in our current spending. 
John F. Coyne: Well, I think as you’ve seen over the past couple of quarters, since the announcement of the latest combination in the industry and very typical of all previous combinations in the industry, there were some significant share shifts during the two quarters immediately following the announcement. And we were beneficiaries of some of that.  The real -- what we are observing in the market today is the primary attribute is availability and if you look at WD's performance over the last two quarters, compared with the rest of the industry, WD has stepped up and supplied the majority of the incremental product that was demanded by the market within short lead time.  So we feel very good about the business model which we have honed over the years that is highly focused on speed and agility and responsiveness and we believe that one of the critical factors that has driven our success is that not only do we provide -- offer great products to our customers but that we make them available in a timely manner relative to their desires. And that has allowed us to consistently over the past five to seven years demonstrate market leading share growth and margins to match. So being consistently profitable is a reflection of the value that our customers place in our business model. 
John F. Coyne: Well, I think our utilization rates don’t change as we add capacity because we add capacity in line with demand. Certainly our utilizations were lower during the period from October through March last year, October ’08 to March ’09, because we had not predicted the huge drop in demand that was a result of the economic meltdown and you can't shed capacity quite as rapidly as you can build it, but you can stop using it, which is what we did.  But as we add capacity, we add capacity in very relatively small increments to match our market opportunity and our aim is to keep our utilizations high at all times. 
John F. Coyne: No, I mean -- so we were -- very high rates of utilization and we are adding capacity to support the guidance that Tim just gave a few moments ago. 
John F. Coyne: I just want to circle back for a second on the -- give you a little more color on the capacity and CapEx question. In the last six months, we have been running our capacity close to 98%, 99% utilization. That’s very good for the short-term margin and absorption benefit. However, it inhibits our ability to provide one of the critical values that we provide to customers which is availability and responsiveness. So our target is to run at about a 90% utilization. And we will -- we are adding capacity in order to accomplish two things -- one, to keep up with the demands of our customers and two, to restore our flexibility in order to be enabled to meet their day-to-day, week-to-week changes and provide the right products at the right time. 
John F. Coyne: I think what we are actually seeing in the channel is partly a result of the tightness in credit -- that has -- I believe has reset the model in the channel to -- and has leaned out inventories and is creating a much tighter link between sell-through and sell-in. So I think we are seeing an adjustment to the model and the distributors are finding a way to operate with much tighter inventories and I suspect they will like it, and so I suspect that as the economy recovers and credit loosens and so on, that the model will stay leaner than it was before the economic meltdown of last year. 
John F. Coyne: Well, it depends on demand. I mean, we are modeling our CapEx. Tim just gave you the uplift to our CapEx number for the full year of $50 million, which is designed to take us back to our normal operating model, which is kind of in the -- we like to operate in the 90% to 95% range and for the last two quarters, we’ve been -- in the first of June quarter, we were bringing idled capacity back into play and in the September quarter, we were stretching our previously installed capital to its maximum. And as we move into this quarter, we are bringing some new capital online in order to support the strength of demand that we have and hopefully in the early part of next year, we’ll begin to get back into our 90%, 95% where we can be even more responsive to our customers in terms of giving them the mix they want when they want it. 
John F. Coyne: I think I’ve given you pretty much as much as I can give you. We were flat out last quarter. That facility was online last quarter. 
John F. Coyne: It’s probably -- the last two quarters it’s probably been the most linear that we’ve had in the history of the company. 
John F. Coyne: I think -- well, our number relates to the DVR market. I believe the competitor number you are referring to relates to DVR, surveillance, and gaming. 
John F. Coyne: You know, the fact that the strength of demand was relatively unforecasted tends to help linearity and that the -- you know, we’re building as much as we can build. 
John F. Coyne: Okay, I want to thank all of you for joining us on today’s call. We look forward to keeping you informed of progress in the quarters ahead. Thank you.
Tim Leyden: Well, 18% to 23% is our long-term margin model and there’s always room for margin expansion in the short-term. We can get that on the cost side through factory utilization, through efficiency, and through product mix. And of course on the revenue side, we can get it from capacity mix, segment mix, better linearity, et cetera.  We can be tactical with that in the near term but over the longer term, what we’ve learned from history is that it gravitates towards the high-end of our margin model in seasonally stronger quarters and in seasonally weaker quarters, it’s below the midpoint of our margin model range. So I mean, there is -- I think bottom line is there is room for margin expansion very much depends on market conditions, inventory, supply/demand balance and of course, behavior of the competition. 
Tim Leyden: We’ve indicated that we are going to be entering the traditional enterprise market during the course of the year and when that happens, we will review our model but I think if you look at our model right now and match it up with the model that our peers have, or Seagate specifically, we believe that we are aligned rather well with that margin model because we have primarily and pretty much exclusively HEA product and segment mix and Seagate has the benefit of the traditional enterprise, and I think if you do the math, I think that you will see that the models align rather well. 
Tim Leyden: As far as competitors are concerned, we really don’t have any insight into that. I mean, we always execute our business by balancing customer support and tactically optimizing margins so you saw that there was a slight swing towards Asia in terms of regional and I think there was maybe a 2% switch from OEMs to distribution in the channel, and we were strong pretty much across all business units. 
Tim Leyden: We’ve bee spending in order to make our entry into that marketplace for quite some time because it takes quite a while in order to be able to design the product and then work through the particular issues with the customers, the qualification issues. So we anticipate that there will be maybe a small up-tick in customer support but other than that, it will be very, very minimal and we expect to stay within our margin, our OpEx model range, which is 9% to 10%. 
Tim Leyden: I think what we alluded to last quarter was that we were tactically selective in how we pursued the business and in this quarter, obviously with the supply chasing demand, we have actually pursued the business that is most beneficial to us and our customers. So we are more in line, what I would say, at market mix at this stage but we still have -- we still have opportunity to be able to deploy more recent technology. As a matter of fact, in the last quarter we were deploying more older technology because of the fact that we were being tactical in the markets that we chose to pursue. 
Tim Leyden: When we are weighing the opportunities for the cash balance, our long-term goal obviously is to create shareholder value and we’ve got lots of factors to weigh. We’ve got to weigh near-term versus long-term objectives. We’ve got to weigh the prepare for opportunities versus what the macro risk is. We’ve got to look at the opportunity cost of replacement capital, if we have opportunities after we’ve actually purchased shares. And we are weighing all that on an ongoing basis but we are satisfied with what our choices are at this particular point in time. We are also cautious as we approach the market because what we have learned from the lessons of history is that when there’s a significant change in market factors that the velocity of the departure of liquidity can be fairly astounding. 
Tim Leyden: It’s probably a little bit weighted towards heads and 50-50 for the remainder, so it’s about 40% heads and then 30-30 for the other two. 
Tim Leyden: Our primary bias would be operational. I mean, we are still pretty cautious relative to the macro situation and we are also looking, as I indicated in my comments, we are also looking at longer term growth opportunities in related type markets so those are our primary biases. But it’s more operational bias than alternative. 
Tim Leyden: I mean, that specifically doesn’t increase our appetite. What increases our appetite is the -- is looking at the long-term creation of shareholder value and just paying attention to how do we best execute that in the near-term and in the long-term. 
Tim Leyden: It’s hard to answer that question. There are so many variables -- I mean, there are various product segment mix. It’s the interaction of price, volume, mix, and cost and the most significant weighting factor is obviously supply demand balance and inventory management and -- but what we have seen historically as I mentioned earlier is that for our margin range in the weaker quarters, we tend to be below the midpoint of the 18% to 23% range, and stronger quarters, we tend to be above the midpoint. So that’s about as much color as we can probably figure out at this stage. 
Tim Leyden: John also mentioned that the September quarter was one of the most linear quarters that we encountered and in the December quarter, generally that tends to be a pretty linear quarter anyway and it’s because leading up to Christmas, we get the strength of demand in October and going into November as you go towards Black Friday. So we would characterize it as being pretty normal. 
Tim Leyden: We have forecasts for what the costs are and those costs are rolled into our gross margin guidance, so I mean, we’ve taken them into account and we are -- we’ve got good relationships with our vendors and our suppliers and we [inaudible] all the time. 
