Robert Eulau: Yes. So the covenants are related to an adjusted EBITDA number that we use for compliance purposes. And so that the ratio is well below the five we show as a non-GAAP debt-to-EBITDA number. And we, as you saw, made progress in the quarter. Our gross leverage went from 5.7 to 5.0 this quarter. So we're definitely trending in the right direction. And as I said, we have plenty of room under the covenant. We just haven't given a lot of specifics on the actual compliance covenant.
Robert Eulau: Yes. We're still very bullish on the enterprise SSD market. And as you know, Joe, we've got goals to get up to 20% market share there. In the short term, you're right, it's a matter of balancing and making sure we've got the right controllers to go with the NAND for that market. And so that's probably the controller side is more of a challenge than the NAND side, but we're very, very optimistic on that business.
Robert Eulau: Yes. I can start with the inventory question. So our inventories were up just slightly this quarter. I actually think in the next quarter, you'll see inventories coming down quite a bit because of some of the supply chain challenges. But I'd say everything seems to be an equilibrium in general.
Robert Eulau: Yes. So Sidney, this is Bob. I'll take that. So the - actually, we probably have more absorption variance and cost headwinds in the fourth fiscal quarter than we had in the third. And we are trying to move prices up where we can in the market as a result of those incremental costs. So it's absorption, it's logistics costs, it's other costs and making sure the environments are safe around the world. So it's actually a bigger challenge in the fourth quarter.
Robert Eulau: Yeah. So without talking too much about the specific number, as you know, this was always anticipated to be a low growth CapEx year for us. Because if you go back a year ago, we were reducing the amount of capacity we had. We actually took some off-line about a year ago, as you'll recall. And then along with our partner, we had pushed out some of the CapEx expectations. So we'd always expected this to be a light year. And I still expect CapEx will be up next year. I'm not ready at this point to say how much that will be.
Robert Eulau: Yes. This is Bob. I'll take a cut at this, C.J. I believe I said the K1 costs were at $62 million in the current quarter and guided to around $65 million next quarter. I think that will be roughly the level through the rest of the calendar year, and then you should start to see it drop off pretty quickly next year as volume starts to ramp more. So I think that's kind of the way we're seeing it right now.In terms of COVID-19, we aren't going to get specific in terms of the cost. As I mentioned, we'll have more absorption variances this quarter. We'll also have more logistics costs this quarter and a number of other costs. We're going to be able to partially offset that with pricing. And our customers will share in some of that, but we're still net-net, going to have some headwind there for COVID-19. But I don't want to get too detailed on that because it's just too hard to tell how it will actually play out.
Robert Eulau: Yes. So C.J., as you know, we're just guiding one quarter out right now. As you can imagine, probably like every company, we have multiple scenarios that we're evaluating. As I said, we think inventory is roughly in equilibrium right now. And we'll just have to take it one quarter at a time as we move forward. So far, demand has held out pretty well for us, and we'll just have to see how that continues through the year. But I don't see major changes right now.
Robert Eulau: Yes. I mean, where all vendors producing at this point, and that could change when everybody's producing it.
Robert Eulau: All right. Mitch, it's Bob. I'll start. One of the things we've done is we've studied the capital structure quite a bit. And what we've concluded is, obviously, it's a cyclical business. We want to have a growth leverage that works for us through the cycle. We're expecting, as we bring our debt levels down, that we'll manage to anywhere from one to 3.5 times EBITDA depending on where we are in the cycle. And as I mentioned, the goal is to get our gross debt down to about $6 billion and our net debt to $3 billion. And yes, I don't know if you want to take.
Robert Eulau: Yes. The thing I would add, as you recall, Mitch, I mean, we're under-indexed to the mobile phone market. So we're not trying to forecast it, and we're not as exposed to it as some of our customers - I'm sorry, some of our competitors.
Robert Eulau: Yes. So two good questions. OpEx, I think the best assumption is it will be around the levels we guided to this quarter for the next few quarters anyway.On the tax rate, the dilemma is we have a fantastic structure when we're making more money than we are right now. And so right now, when our profitability levels are relatively low, we have certain minimum taxes we have to pay around the world and it makes our tax rate quite high. So it will come down as the overall profitability starts to come up.
Robert Eulau: Yes. I'd say the share was fairly flat. That market is growing quite a bit. So we're - as I mentioned earlier, we're a bit constrained on controllers right now, but the demand is definitely there.
Robert Eulau: No, I think that's right. I mean, I think certainly, May will be better than April, and I think June will be even a little better than May.
Robert Eulau: Yes. No, I don't. I mean, obviously, it's come up over the last year, but I think as we go forward, we don't really know.
David Goeckeler: You know, like anything, I think it's a combination of a lot of things. But certainly, the current situation, bring some focus to the desire to deleverage a little faster. But the real issue - and of course, the real issue is I come into the business, and the company is really well positioned. When I think - I talked about it in my remarks, when I think about the technology trends that are going on right now, I mean, it's happening in the cloud. Obviously, everybody knows that public cloud is a huge transition. We continue to see incredible growth, and we will. We can talk about that for a long time. We're very well positioned in that market. We perform in the fourth quarter. We'll see the hard drive market of the - the portfolio has been repositioned for that capacity - hard drive capacity enterprise market, and we'll see - actually see that market return to growth after several years of kind of decline and maybe going sideways a little bit.So we're very well indexed to what I think is one of the biggest technology trends we've seen in a very, very long time. And as that continues, that's going to be good for our portfolio. And then we have the flash portfolio, which if you look at the edge, we have just new markets coming online all the time, where we've talked about gaming, and we see VR headsets, all kinds of things are going to drive demand in that side of the market as well. So we're playing - the portfolio is very well positioned, and we have lots of opportunities to invest in the growth of the business. And when I think - when you put that all together, it was the right time to move on to a different model.
David Goeckeler: Karl, I think one of the things you're going to see from me is I'm going to really focus on forecasting one quarter at a time. So it's not going to happen next quarter, but you knew that. I think we're looking several quarters out, I guess, is what I'll say at this point. I think - will it accelerate given the increased cloud demand we're seeing? We're seeing a lot of demand for that product already. I don't think it's going to accelerate one way or another based on if that demand - I mean, we're basically going to - we have the demand we need to ramp the product. So we're looking forward to it being a great launch now, and the team is very focused on continuing to make supply available, but we're excited about the product.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would say the same thing about the supply. Are we supply constrained? I think the balance is what we expected at this point, right? We continue to see strong demand there.
David Goeckeler: Okay. So on the - thanks, Mehdi. On the first question, you're right, we are in a product transition, and we are excited about the 18-terabyte drive. I'm not yet an expert on hard drive areal density, but I've come up to speed on it relatively quickly. I mean, you're right, it's getting harder and harder to drive more density but we have an enormous amount of R&D in this area. And we're going to invest aggressively to make sure we maintain our lead in areal density.And I think you'll hear more from us coming up about that. There's lots of things going on as there always is and in R&D organizations, and that's been one of the things that has not been surprising to me when I came in, but it's great to see is just the depth of talent that's in the organization to drive the road map in that critical technology.And like I said - I mean, this is - when I look at the strategy of the company - I mean, we will have more to say about this in the future. But when I look at this coming in, I think the company is very well positioned in the fact that it made the pivot to flash. And the way I look at the world is how it evolves as you've got this.We're in like almost - it's kind of almost cliché to say it about this unprecedented amount of technological change and always seems to be going faster. But I mean, really, over the last number of years, the change that the cloud and the public cloud is driven and the amount of technological change its pushing on every industry and every company is just astounding. There's lots of reasons for that. And many ways is democratizing the access to the most sophisticated technology, everybody can have it now through an API call. And that's just causing just a huge wave of investment and technological change and advancement for every company, every industry for all of us.Our portfolio is very well positioned to support. We provide one of the key building blocks or fundamental elements of that digital world, storage. And I think in the cloud and our leadership in areal density, we are very, very highly correlated to that growth vector in the industry. But not just that, it's also - on the flash side, you've got the edge and endpoints and what's happening there and they're becoming more sophisticated networks, which is something I'm pretty familiar with, giving my history.Networks are getting faster, that's enabling a lot more higher - much more capable end points to be interconnected, that's driving the flash side of the business. We talked about this in the prepared remarks. Just look at the gaming market, all of a sudden becomes - opens up to this - there's a new market that just opens up to us. And there will be more and more of those happening. And then these two things reinforce each other.The more innovation there is at the edge, on the endpoints, it drives more data, more data that needs to be stored, more data that needs to be processed, insights need to be derived from it. And that becomes kind of this virtuous cycle that happens. And I think the company is very well positioned on both sides of that.So we'll have more to say on how we zero in on that. You're right, it is a very dynamic market. It's very sensitive to supply and demand changes, but the general trajectory is a good one. We're in a good market. It's always great to be in great TAMs that are growing. As I said, even the hard drive business, which is - we've now - I say we, the team here has repositioned the portfolio around capacity enterprise, and you're seeing the growth now come back to that technology base, which is great to see.So look, I'll stop there. We'll have - I'll have more to say in the future. But as I said, I'm super happy to be here. I think it's - I think what this company provides is incredibly fundamental and critical for the world that we're all going to, and we use every day. So - and we'll dial that even more - dial that in more as we go forward. So thanks for the question. I really appreciate it.
David Goeckeler: So you got it right that we're going to stick to one quarter at a time. But I mean, they're going in the right direction. I mean, the fact - I mean, we - the forecast for next quarter is the forecast for next quarter. We feel good about where the demand is. As Bob said, I think I mentioned it before as well, we're looking at all different kinds of scenarios for the second half of the year. And as we get more information, we'll make decisions about our investment portfolio to support that.So it's not surprising. I think everybody sees the same thing right now. Visibility is a little bit difficult, but it's - we'll see how it goes week-by-week as we go through the quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Toshi, I mean, I think it's - I appreciate the question. I guess I'll say in general, it's a difficult quarter to draw lots of long-term conclusions about much of anything right now. The - I will say, the operations team has just done an incredible job. I mean, I've watched this play out now over the last seven weeks or so that I've been here.And we have a global footprint with factories and fabs all over the world, China, Japan, the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, here in the U.S. And to see how all the best practices have been shared, and all of those have been kept open and functioning at some level and then increasing capabilities, working with our suppliers, I think that's a tremendous strength of the company.Again, I have more to say about that later. But again, I think this - the past seven weeks is not a time where you want to look at anything and draw a really long-term conclusion given the dynamic situation we're in.As far as financial metrics, there is lots of good ones. Clearly, gross margin is something we're going to be very focused on, making sure we're investing our resources in the places that can draw the highest return. That is obviously a very big focus and cash generation, quite honestly, and make sure we're managing for that. So those are two that are at the top of a whole long list.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think that it's been improving week over week. And as it stands right now, we're in good shape. Obviously, it's an incredibly dynamic situation. I'll say that right from the start. I mean, every day, it changes. And every day, of course, you get new information and make the best decision about how you're going to move forward, but the team has done a great job of that, kept things open the whole time.Literally, over the past two or three weeks, things have gotten significantly stronger, and it puts us in a position right now where I think we're - I don't want to use the term normal because I don't think anything is normal in the world right now, but we're operating at a level that - I mean, obviously, we're operating at a level that can support the forecast that we just put forward.So I feel really good about what the team has done and the position they've put us in around the world. And we're staying super vigilant to make sure, one, that we implement best practices across all of our facilities.We are working from home at a significant level everywhere we can, and that's making the situation better. But the people that have to come in to keep the businesses running. And as you know, we are an essential business. And everywhere we operate, that hasn't been an issue about getting any kind of authorization to operate, but making sure that the people that are in, the facilities are safe, and we've had good success there as well.Our supply chain, we've been working with our supply chain. We've been helping out our supply chain to make sure they get the appropriate government release to continue to operate. We've been doing some diversification of that to fill some gaps and some non-regrets moves on that. But right now, the supply chain, again, it's the same thing as our own facilities. It's - week by week, it's gotten better to a point where right now we feel like we're in a relatively strong position.
David Goeckeler: First of all, hey, Mitch. How are you doing? Thanks for the question. I don't think we forecast smartphone units. I mean, again, the second half and what's going to happen. We're going to take it quarter-by-quarter at this point. We - obviously, we feel good about our guide for the next quarter and what we see on the supply and demand side to have a lot of confidence in that. And we'll have more to say about the second half next quarter.
David Goeckeler: So I think as we talked about for the fourth quarter, we expect some headwinds in that business. I think it's typically a seasonally weak quarter anyway. And obviously, with stores not being open, it makes it a lot tougher. Last quarter, as we talked about towards the end of the quarter, we obviously saw a deterioration as stores were closed. And we also saw the mix shift to lower-margin products as well.We've got that all factored into the guide. I mean - again, we're very comfortable with the guide. The guide is a guide. And so we've got all the dynamics that we expect to happen in the retail channel baked into those numbers.Longer term, again, we'll have more to say about longer-term strategy. But I think it's a great strength of the company, those brands. I think it's an area where we can drive differentiation and we can drive margin in those channels as well. They're not just - it's not just all low-margin business.So I feel good about that capability. And honestly, it's one of the things that attracted me to the company. So we'll - again, we'll have more to say about what the long-term strategy is there, but I think it's definitely an asset.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Again, I always couch everything we're going to guide one quarter at a time, but it's a fair question. I mean, we - I guess the only thing we can say is we continue to see strong demand from the big cloud vendors, cloud suppliers. There's always a question, are they building inventory, are they buying ahead, the old consumption digestion kind of thing. Everything we see is there's strong demand for what their products are. I think they're saying the same thing. Not saying anything new there.How long it lasts? I mean, what I talked about in the intro of - in my prepared remarks, I mean, I think this world that we're all living in because of COVID-19, where there's just a lot more work at home, learn at home, there's just a lot more dependence on cloud and endpoint technology, I think that architecture has been set for some time now, and it's impacting every business. We've seen a massive acceleration to that, unfortunately, because of a global pandemic.The question is how much - is that going to continue to stay as it starts to subside? I don't - obviously, there'll be some variability in that given that there's so many people at home now. But like I said, I think the model is set, and I think it's how fast we're going to get there. I don't think there's a question on is it the right destination? So we'll see as we move into the second half.Our conversations with all those customers continue to be fantastic, you're right. One of the things that's been great as I've come into this company, is just to understand the depth of our relationship and the strength of our footprint and those customers is extremely impressive.And so we're going to stay very close to them and continue to work with them as they build out their infrastructure. But right now, I don't think - we don't have any sign that - well, I think what we're seeing is the increased demand and nothing tells us that it's nothing but real demand. And how far it extends into the second half, we'll see as we get more visibility.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I don't want to put a specific number on it because the potential - it's a very - as I said - said several times, a very dynamic environment. I would say that we have confidence in the supply - what the supply that's going to be produced to support the guide for the next quarter. We have a lot of confidence in that. But it could - things change every day. But I said the trend has been going - it's been getting better and better to where it's given us the confidence to put the guide in place that we have.
David Goeckeler: We've had a chance to take a quick look at it. And we don't believe it will have a material impact on our business. But obviously, we're going to monitor it very, very closely.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Again, we're going to stick to talking about things for next quarter. I don't have anything in particularly insightful to say about density trends and notebooks at this point. Bob, I don't know if you do.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thank all of you for joining us here today. We look forward to seeing you virtually at the upcoming JPMorgan and Bank of America conferences. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
