Stephen D. Milligan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal third quarter results and wrap up with our fourth quarter guidance. We will then take your questions. We reported strong financial performance in the March quarter with revenue of $5 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 43%, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.63. Our operating cash flow reflected solid execution supported by healthy demand for our products, particularly high capacity enterprise drives, which achieved record quarterly revenue. Macroeconomic conditions remained supportive in the quarter with Cloud Computing and Mobility serving as primary demand drivers. The positive third quarter dynamics included continued strong demand for our NAND flash products. Our results in the March quarter demonstrate the power and agility of our platform and a sustained focus on operational execution by our global team. We continue to pursue a long-term value creation strategy underpinned by secular growth in Big Data and Fast Data applications. Rapid advancements in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and IoT applications are fueling creation of valuable data at an unprecedented pace. The number of connected devices worldwide is expected to grow from 9 billion today to upwards of 75 billion by 2025. This exponential growth will require robust storage infrastructures and purpose-built solutions that allow users to capture, preserve, access, and transform an ever-increasing diversity of data. The Western Digital platform is strategically positioned to play a key role in supporting these long-term growth trends. Enterprise and hyperscale cloud customers continue to accelerate their CapEx spending to keep pace with the rapid growth in data, and this represents a significant opportunity for our data center storage solutions. In the Mobile market, we are well positioned to capture growth opportunities with our comprehensive product portfolio. We expect increasing average capacity in smartphones to be a continued driver of growth for Western Digital. In a moment, Mike will provide some color on our strong ongoing performance in these categories and update you on what we are seeing in terms of long-term exabyte growth. He will also discuss progress towards delivering high capacity enterprise drives based on our innovative MAMR technology. In Flash, during the third quarter, we saw the market environment continue to normalize with expected price declines. We continue to deploy our 64-layer 3D NAND technology across our product portfolio and will be ramping our 96-Layer technology as planned throughout calendar 2018. I am pleased to report that our joint venture operations with Toshiba Memory Corporation continued to perform exceptionally well, and our plans for continued joint investment in Fab 6 in Iwate remain on track. In March, we celebrated the opening of our shared memory development center in Yokkaichi, strengthening the ongoing collaboration among our engineers. I am excited about the future of Western Digital. The power of our platform allows us to deliver sustainable long-term revenue growth, healthy gross margins, and industry-leading profitability. As markets evolve and grow, our ability to optimize product and portfolio mix towards higher-value opportunities will continue to be an important lever for managing the business. I would like to sincerely thank the Western Digital team and our partners for their ongoing support. With that, I will now ask Mike to share our business highlights.
Stephen D. Milligan: Mark, the majority of it was high-capacity drives, so enterprise hard drive activity; hyperscale build-out as we indicated.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, Mark. I don't know if we can comment. I mean, I know it was down seasonally, but that's consistent with seasonal revenue trends. But we haven't provided specific breakout in terms of Flash-based memory or Flash-based revenue versus hard drives. But we are seeing good momentum in terms of our Flash-based products. And so, things are in good shape in that regard.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, so, Aaron, this is Steve. I'll take both questions. In terms of our long-term margin range, we continue to have the long-term margin range of 33% to 38%. Of course, we will continue to look and evaluate whether or not that margin range should change, based upon our experience and what we see from a go-forward perspective; but for the time being, we're sticking with the 33% to 38%. If you look at our hard drive margins – and obviously we don't disclose our Flash-based margins or our hard drive margins, but if you look – just to give a little bit of color, our hard drive margins for several quarters have been very, very stable. And without disclosing the specific number, if you look at this past quarter, driven almost entirely by mix. We actually saw a nice pickup in our hard drive margins and that was due to the strong demand that we saw from a capacity enterprise perspective. Obviously we'd like to see that continue, but we'll have other mix dynamics that will affect our business going forward. But very strong margins in the hard drive space this past quarter.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, go ahead, Aaron. But one of the things I wanted to add is that – because I think this is a really important point – is that this past quarter, in my opinion, really is a very strong proof point as to why we thought that it made sense to put these two businesses together. What we've got is, we've got a portfolio of businesses – or of products that allows us to play across various markets. And you see that you've got very strong margins in terms of the hard drive market. We've got a normalizing Flash market, which means that we're seeing a little bit of normalization in terms of our margin rate there. But when you add that up all together, our margins went up on a quarter-on-quarter basis. I think that's pretty impressive.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, well, I'll talk a little about normalizing. And my first comment, it'll sound like a little bit of a wise aleck comment, but normalizing means normalizing. And what I mean by that is obviously we were in a allocated environment with rising ASPs and that sort of thing, and when we're looking at a normalizing environment that means that we're going to more normal, more consistent ASP declines like we've seen historically in a controlled environment. So, you're basically seeing even the margin percentage drift down a bit, but in a very measured way. And so, we're seeing a bit of that. We're not alarmed by it. It's still a great environment for us. And so that's really what we mean by normalizing. But as you can see, in terms of what Mark said in terms of our calendar 2018 margins, we're still going to have margins greater than 40 percentage based upon our current forecast, and so that's a pretty good gross margin for us. And so that's a little bit of color on normalizing. And then I'll ask Mike to comment on the cost declines in the Flash area.
Stephen D. Milligan: But, obviously, that statement that we could be in a more constrained environment is reflective in the gross margin indication that Mark gave for the balance of the calendar year.
Stephen D. Milligan: Let me add color to that, Mehdi. I mean, basically what you've got is – you can remember that we – I mean, although we've largely accomplished a lot of the integration activities, we still are working on optimization activities regarding the remaining factories that we have in our HDD space. What that means is, it means reshuffling production around to get the kind of optimum mix from a variety of different directions. At times, that requires you to build some buffer inventory as you ship from point A to point B. That's all that it is.
Stephen D. Milligan: All we said about cost is that nodal transitions allow us to maintain this 15% to 25%. So we haven't been explicit around nodal benefit.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't know if I would characterize it that way. I mean, one of the things is that's part of the normalization trend. We have been operating in an allocated environment. And as we move to a more balanced scenario, we will see a bit of normalization in terms of our gross margin. But, on a collective basis, for the balance of this calendar year, our gross margins we expect to exceed 40% – 40%, or greater.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, so really both. So as we stated on our expectation for cap enterprise, the growth is strong in the first half, will remain strong in the second. That was – really drove our upgraded exabyte growth commentary. And we would expect that the Flash-based product growth will be traditionally seasonally strong in the second half. So, everything we see leads us to that conclusion. I think our visibility is pretty solid.
Stephen D. Milligan: And I would add to that. I would add to that, Rob, that – this is at the expense – I don't want to sound too optimistic, but there's nothing on the horizon that – at this point that would indicate that we're seeing any weakness, if you know what I mean. So there's no kind of storm clouds on the horizon regarding the cloud build-out.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, well, Rob, you really – you hit on a good point, which I was kind of alluding to earlier in that we're going to use the power of our product portfolio – the strength of our product portfolio, the depth of our customer relations to allocate our resources to those areas where we think we can derive the most bang. And in this case, clearly, because of the strong demand in capacity enterprise, we felt that it served us and our customers' best longer term to allocate our heads and media to those capacity enterprise opportunities. So you are absolutely spot on.
Stephen D. Milligan: So I think from our standpoint, we have probably a reasonably modest view of unit growth in smartphones. What's unique to us is capacity mix. So, we look at it as bit consumption, and albeit the unit growth rate has muted in the smartphone industry, we still are seeing the benefit as we did in the quarter just completed of a better mix. So that's what's feeding into our view of demand in the back half of the year.
Stephen D. Milligan: So in general, we see that 15% to 25% to be a long-term cost reduction forecast in the 3D era, including QLC.
Stephen D. Milligan: The short answer is, no. When we constructed our, if you want to call it settlement agreement, it was constructed with the intent that it simply protected our long-term interest effectively, no matter who the buyer or owner was of the asset – of the TMC asset. So, we're not affected one way or the other in that regard.
Stephen D. Milligan: So, what we've said previously as we talked about the normalizing market was that the cost declines would largely offset the ASP declines. And that's what we've seen.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, so signpost number on, we've already talked about, which is our expectation for bit growth at a industry level, which has been coming down sort of quarter-over-quarter in terms of the estimate for the year. So that combined with what we think the demand side's going to look like. So I think we will see – actually see more clearly in the coming months. But I think there remains that possibility. And obviously at this point, for the majority of our business, we are still not booked out in the second half of the year. So as we progress through this quarter, we'll have a better feel.
Stephen D. Milligan: Okay. All right, thank you. So thank you everybody for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you going forward. Have a great rest of the day.
Mark P. Long: Well, in terms of the buyback, as you remember, we executed $155 million of the $500 million that we had announced, and we did that to take out the hedging shares as part of the convertible bond issuance. And the additional $350 million approximately we intend to execute on an opportunistic basis, and this is part of the broader $2.1 billion worth of authorized buyback that we had reinstituted following the closing of the SanDisk transaction.
Mark P. Long: And we'll be providing kind of more insights into the long-term model at our Investor Day that we indicated would be in the back half of this year.
Mark P. Long: And another factor I think we should just keep in mind is that we get some margin pressure as the MCP revenue increases, which it's doing.
Mark P. Long: Yeah, it's really two factors. It's the continued normalization of Flash that Steve referred to, and it's product mix, which is higher gaming revenue for HDD and as I was alluding to, higher MCP revenue.
Mark P. Long: Yeah, it's really two factors. So, the seasonal builds for Flash and HDD is one aspect of it. And then, the second is what you are referring to, the inventory builds for our hard drive manufacturing transformation activities. So that's our ability to reconfigure our manufacturing footprint and optimize our loading of the factories and our ability to evolve the HDD side of the business, so...
Mark P. Long: So we expect the tax rate as a function of tax reform to go to the high end or just above our long-term model, so in the sort of 12% range.
Mark P. Long: And that does not – that 40% rate per quarter does not contemplate a return to an allocated environment.
Mark P. Long: Yeah, so, Rob, I think our expression of our estimates for the year would lead you to believe for the calendar year we believe we have pretty good visibility, and that comes from a variety of things. Some of our customers, we have longer commercial arrangements and some we have just more tightly integrated sort of, a view of their demand and their CapEx plans. So, it's a combination of those things that give us confidence in that increased estimate.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So, Aaron, we've talked about, in the 3D era, if you think about on annualized basis, it's between 15% and 25%, and that depends on exactly where the nodal transition is and where we are with sort of capital and footprint build-out. So that's what you should expect, and we remain confident with that. We expect that to happen throughout this year. And a little more color to Steve's normalizing and to add where I commented last quarter, our ASP reductions are largely offset by cost reductions, which does not mean, entirely offset.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So I think the way to think about it is, you got to look at the individual market sectors and how they play and the products in those markets. So, it will sort of play by that. And really what we see is this progression and the challenges at an industry level of making the progression to 64-Layer and then 96-Layer. That's all more difficult than was previously predicted such that the bit growth rate, as you've seen over time, has been at industry level being – sort of moving in a shrinking direction. So, it's those factors combined with what we expect to be strong seasonal demand in the second half of the year that let's that possibility be in play. And I won't comment specifically on ASPs in that environment.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so by samples, meaning we will do that in a broad-based way in the second half of the year. So that will translate to production ramp in 2019. So depending on those customers and how they feel about it, we'll see what they have to say. But I think we'll be very active. We feel very confident in the progress we've made, so we're basically hitting our internal milestones. And the milestone checkpoints we needed to get confident about both those major milestones have been reaffirmed in the recent month or so. So we're feeling very good about it.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so let me talk about that. I think what we're seeing is very strong growth at the high end, so 10 terabyte and 12 terabyte. That continues on a global basis, primarily with the large hyperscale players. But in addition to that, we see very nice growth at the lower-capacity points, so 4 terabytes, 6 terabytes, 8 terabytes as well. So, as you see more diverse workloads out there, different players optimize around at different capacity points. So the growth is really across the board, but we still see very strong growth at the high end as well.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, so it's mostly on the mix and capacity per drive, but I would describe the overall market as tight. So the demand was very strong and the supply versus demand balance was quite tight.
Michael D. Cordano: I think what's really happening is, that was – if we go back into calendar 2017, because of allocation, it was actually delayed in 2017. What we've really seen in 2018 as we've entered, is a continuation of the penetration of Flash into certain markets such as client SSD as an example.
