David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me just wrap up. Fiscal year 2023 marked a period of exceptional progress and strategic planning for Western Digital. We diligently optimized our operations and executed our innovative product roadmap, priming ourselves for greater profitability as demand inevitably rebounds across hard drives and flash. As we move forward, we remain confident in our ability to capitalize on emerging opportunities and deliver continued success. Before opening up for Q&A, I would like to take a moment to recognize Siva Sivaram, our esteemed President of Technology and Strategy. Siva will be leaving Western Digital to pursue a great leadership opportunity in a different technology domain. Siva has made significant contributions to Western Digital and SanDisk over the past 10-years and he is a wonderful friend. We wish him all the best going forward. Peter, let's start the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Hey, Joe, thanks for the question. NAND in the current quarter, as we said, we saw a good, I guess good market reaction in consumer and in the client business, both returned to growth on an exabyte basis. They both were sequential grower, so we saw incremental upside there, so we were happy about that. We are still underutilizing the fab. I'll let Wissam talk about that in a little bit more detail. We do plan to underutilize for another couple of quarters, but we feel good about the overall -- the signs in the overall market, price declines are moderating, our inventory is down, bit shipments are up and we expect bit shipments to be up again double-digits next quarter. So not quite where we want to be yet, but the market is stabilizing and we see a lot of good things -- a lot of metrics going in the right direction.
David Goeckeler: No, that's right. Okay. So look, I think as I said, there are a number of things we saw in the market. This quarter we saw sequential bit growth overall, we saw clients and consumer returning to exabyte growth on a year-over-year basis, with consumer SSD content up 40%, client SSD up 20%. We saw our inventory down. We think in the client -- in the consumer and client markets, PC markets basically shipping to demand at this point. We expect our -- for the fiscal year, we saw our bits about flat year-over-year. For the calendar year, we see them down low-single-digits. We probably see the industry down a little lower than that. So we're taking the actions to bring supply and demand better into balance, and I think we're seeing that across our markets. Cloud is still -- there's still a couple of quarters ago, there that's a larger story, but in our two biggest markets for Flash, we're seeing that supply-demand balance start to move closer together, put it that way.
David Goeckeler: Okay. I think that was the strategic review and timing, C.J. So as the process is active, we look forward to talking more about it when we reach a conclusion.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I've been thinking a lot about generative AI. It's clearly a big topic these days and obviously, a lot of spend going on to build out the infrastructure in the cloud, which I think, quite frankly, is a great thing. The cloud distribution model of new technology is something that is pretty amazing. That's been built out over the last decade, so we all get access to this technology very rapidly. And when I think about this in the storage domain, clearly, the compute infrastructure is being built out now, but what we're all going to be enabled with there are like incredible tools to automate data creation at many different levels, whether it's text data, video data. Whatever it happens to be, I think that we're essentially going to really accelerate our ability all of us to create information that needs to be stored. So I see this is kind of a catalyst for just a profound increase in the amount of data creation. I think that once those tools get distributed and we all start using them, I think that drives incremental growth across SSDs and hard drives. I mean hard drives are the foundational storage in the cloud. It's going to be that way for a very long-time. So while Gen AI may have some disruptions on the business in the near-term, as the compute infrastructure gets built out, very optimistic that this is a - as I said, I think it's a profound -- it's a catalyst for a profound increase in the rate of data creation. So quite excited about that. We don't know exactly what -- how you model that just yet, except that there is new innovation drives new data creation, which drives the need for storage. So we look forward as these -- as this infrastructure gets built out and rapidly adopted, the impact it's going to have on our business. Now on enterprise SSD, we still have the qualifications. We've recently qualified BiCS5 in some of these places. That market along with nearline HDD or capacity enterprise HDD is depressed right now or subdued. So we're not seeing a lot of growth in that. But we fully expect that when that market comes back and that part of cloud in structured spending comes back that we'll be in a good position. We're still investing in the products and feel good about the position we have with the major cloud vendors.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I think as we moved, you know, so first of all, we think we're going to see sequential exabyte growth in capacity enterprise HDD throughout the fiscal year, but it's going to be towards the end of the year, end of the first quarter where we start to get line of sight to all of the customers coming back. I think we're having discussions across all of our customers about what they're -- we always have conversations, but some of the big ones have been in inventory digestion for quite a while. So we're getting better line of sight to the end of that. But I think we still have a couple of quarters to go, but improving I think next quarter things will be stable. It will be a bit of mix impact there. We expect client to be a little bit more challenged in this quarter. But I think as we move throughout the year, things will get better. And I think your timing of a couple more quarters of getting through phase and as we get into early next year, we expect things to look better.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Pricing really starts with innovation. I mean, I think that's where we -- we're staging our 28 T Ultra SMR product. We're really happy with where Ultra SMR is at. EPMR opting in and we're already staging our next product for growth there. That's the underpinnings of where we're able to bring a better TCO proposition to our customers. And as we do that, we're able to share in the benefits of that as those drives gets deployed. The rest of the market is more market driven pricing. We have a lot of different channels, a lot of different markets we sell into. And that type of pricing is just is more of what you would typically think in any big market around supply and demand.
David Goeckeler: Okay. I think I got it at that time. So NAND pricing, so first of all, in the last quarter, NAND price -- you saw like-for-like pricing down 9%, blended down 6%, so moderating from the quarter before. Next quarter, we expect volume to pick up, which will drive -- volume pick up margin to be impacted a little bit more from where it is today. So continue to moderate, but volume picking up. Does that help answer your question? I don't know. I didn't get all of your questions, Krish. so I'm sorry if I'm not answering it.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I got you. So as we said, we saw the client and consumer markets return to growth -- exabyte growth and sequential revenue growth. So we see those markets have kind of through their inventory digestion and more shipping to end demand so that -- we expect that to continue as we go forward.
David Goeckeler: Okay. So let me -- again. I think I got most of the questions. So we're not adding more disks I mean, Ultra SMR is -- it's a combination of our ePMR, OptiNAND and Ultra SMR technology. So the next step on the roadmap, I think we've talked a lot over the last year, plus about this driving from 20 to 30 plus with a set of technologies around ePMR, OptiNAND, Ultra SMR. And this is the next step in that roadmap. We still have a couple of more steps to go. So we'll announce the products one at a time, but we're happy with where we are and continue to drive innovation. And as demand comes back, we'll be ramping into a great set of products. And these are products that can be staged quickly and ramp in volumes very quickly, very established technology. And the 26-terabyte drive, Ultra SMR drive, we really -- that sold at scale this quarter and we expect a significant growth in that in the next quarter as well.
David Goeckeler: Hey, Wamsi. So first of all, yes, I mean, you hit it. I mean we have ongoing and very significant conversations with our customers on a -- many quarters out, so that's what gives us -- that's what underpins the view we have. To your point, things can change, but that's the current view and the conversations are productive and positive. On the build, the order comment, look, I think the industry is going to come out of -- well, let me speak about us. So Western Digital will come out of this downturn. It's a pretty severe downturn in a cyclical industry, but we've done a lot of things that I think the business is going to be different on the other side of this. So first of all, we've taken a significant amount of capacity out-of-the system. We've talked about the shifts from client to capacity enterprise, at least as long as I've been here and it's been going on for many, many years before that. I think that transition is going to be essentially done. There is a long tail on any technology, but if you look on a unit basis, we'll come out of this with significant less spending on our infrastructure. We'll have the lowest fixed-cost we've had in a decade-plus in our HDD infrastructure, and we'll really be focused exclusively on that client enterprise business going forward. That's not a -- we still have a client business. Don't get me wrong. It's still going to be there. Like I said, there's a long-tail of technology. But I think as part of that, the industry will come out and we will come out of this as more of a build-the-order, if you will, as opposed to a build to forecast. So that's why we're having these conversations with our customers because it is a it is a long build time on an HDD, and we want to make sure that we've got the infrastructure in place. We've got the components in place, and we're running the right process to deliver what our customers need at the right time. So I think that maybe the short answer to your question is yes, Western Digital will be -- is going to more of that kind of process.
David Goeckeler: Yes. What I would say is the it's always a very robust conversation given the amount of business we do with the hyperscalers. It's clear that some of them have been in a very severe inventory digestion phase and kind of took a pause on buying anything, but we're back to having conversations with those customers. I mean, they're still growing. And storage is still being created and growing. So we expect those conversations in those businesses to the buying will reemerge and we're having the conversations on when that will happen and in what magnitude just to make sure that we've got all of our capacity aligned to deliver that. I think we're getting very good reception on the product road map. As we talked about our 22, 24, 26 terabyte platform and products have now been qualified by all of the major cloud vendors. We're just -- we expect to ramp those significantly, especially the 26 T next quarter. That's really becoming a major capacity point for some of the biggest cloud builders. And right on the back of that, we're launching a 28 T UltraSMR drive. So the conversations are strong, and it's about making sure we have clear alignment on what their requirements are going to be and that we get the proper manufacturing in place to deliver on that.
David Goeckeler: SMR, it's very idiosyncratic. I mean the intersection of adoption and inventory digestion makes it very lumpy. And if you look at the current quarter or last quarter, but I can say going forward that several of the major cloud providers are standardizing on an SMR deployment, UltraSMR for us, and we expect have a significant ramp of that technology over the next several quarters.
David Goeckeler: Yes. It may be a little bit -- sequentially, maybe a little bit lower than what you're modeling. So I think that's where it is. Toshiya, we can follow up with you on kind of more details, but I think that's probably the clarification.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Hey Shannon, thanks for the question. We've talked about this a lot over the years. I think that both technologies are growing in the data center. HDD is the predominant storage mechanism in the data center we don't expect that to change. Our customers don't expect that to change. As long as we continue to drive the HCD road map forward, we just -- we're ramping 26 terabyte. We're already launching 28 terabytes. So we're moving forward with capacity points on HDD. And we expect robust growth of HDD storage in the data center going forward. We also expect growth of enterprise SSD storage in the data center going forward. It's probably growing a little bit faster than HDD, but not in a way where you're looking at one is a substitute for the other. They're highly complementary technologies, and we expect that to be the case for any useful planning horizon in the future. We look at a decade out. The cost differences are still significant, and that's certainly the way we talk to our customers about how they're building mass scale data centers.
David Goeckeler: Crossover as -- look, let me say that -- there's a lot of -- there's multiple different capacity points. So I think we need to maybe talk about this a little bit different. It doesn't just move from 14, 16, 18, maybe like it did two, three years ago. Now there's a bit of distribution of different customers and what kind of technologies they're using, whether it's 20s or 22s or 26s or going to 28s or even some 24s. So as I look at where things are going to be in the next couple of quarters, you're going to see a pretty even distribution across three or four different capacity points, all of them shipping 0.5 million or more drive. So we expect a very substantial ramp of 26. I don't want to take away from the ramp that's going to happen there. It's going to be very quick and very rapid now that it's qualified and getting close to being a leading capacity point in the next couple of quarters.
David Goeckeler: Look, I think anytime you go through a period like this, there's some work done on optimization of the infrastructure and consolidation, I think that's happening. But I would expect things -- you go through that and you just incrementally get better. Like anything in technology, you're constantly improving, constantly getting more efficient. I think that, that is something that's always going to go on and we're still going to see the growth in exabytes on top of that. So I think we're still looking at 20%, 25% exabyte growth in the HDD business. And I think we clearly haven't seen that in the last year, but we know it's a cyclical business, and we expect to get back to those levels.
David Goeckeler: So units, I expect to recover, right? I mean we're going to get exabyte growth. We're at a low point on units. We expect units to recover and get back to where they were and eclipse that actually as we continue to get exabyte growth. I'll put in say, a once again, I am very excited about generative AI. I know everybody is. But I think it's going to come to our world on storage once all this gets deployed. And so I expect to see units recover. I think the build-to-order process is going to be a fairly straightforward process because we have deep relationships with set of customers here. It's a big market. It's a big relationship. And I think it's just getting the business model to a place where there's better alignment between the infrastructure we have in place. Again, we've been talking about this for many years now that in a lot of ways, cloud has significantly benefited from the reduction in client and there's been a consistent availability of infrastructure to build hard drives. And we're at the end of that transition now, so we have to just have more planning around that. I think the long-term agreements were a step into that. I think this is maybe the next step into how do we run our franchise to make sure we've got the best alignment between delivering a great product and value proposition to our customers, which is extremely important, the storage is an incredibly important part of the data center and making sure that we have the right infrastructure in place to fuel that growth. So I expect it to be a pretty natural change or evolution of the business model, and I expect it to be a very positive on all sides. Thank you, Karl. All right, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. We look forward to talking to you all throughout the quarter. Take care.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, Joe. And with respect to underutilization, we saw similar type of underutilization charges in fiscal Q4 versus Q3. For the Flash side, and when you look at HDD, we had a bit of more underutilization. But sticking with the Flash, also in our guidance, we've noted similar levels into fiscal Q1. Albeit, if you look at, sort of, the range of $200 million to $220 million, I would say it is split 70% Flash, 30% HDD. And also we're -- if I think of, let's say, the fiscal Q2, I anticipate more or less similar levels of underutilization from where we stand today.
Wissam Jabre: So with respect to uses of cash, as you noted, we do have the convert that matures in February ‘24, and we plan to address that this quarter or the next one. We also have the IRS settlement that is coming up and we expect also this payment to be very likely this quarter. But with respect to liquidity, exiting fiscal Q4, we had approximately $4.9 billion of liquidity. And so if you recall the delayed-draw term loan was put in place in the event we need to address the IRS settlement. So that will be drawn down to take care of the IRS settlement when it happens. And with respect to the convert, I mentioned we'd address it in the coming two quarters.
Wissam Jabre: Sure, Wamsi. So when you look at the September quarter, the guide at $200 million to $220 million of underutilization charges and they're split roughly 70% Flash, 30% HDD. And I would -- just to clarify also to add with respect probably to the following quarter. I expect -- sorry, underutilization related charges to be let's say, 5% to 10% down and most of the -- if not all of the decrease would be coming from HDD.
Wissam Jabre: Well, maybe let me first start with the first part of the question on CapEx, Toshiya. The comment on CapEx is -- well, when you look at calendar -- sorry, fiscal '23, we've taken quite a bit of CapEx out from our plans as we continue to preserve cash. I mean you can see that we've spent, I think, year-on-year, we're down roughly 30% to 35%. And it's almost $1 billion lower than -- at the gross CapEx level, almost $1 billion lower than what our plan was at the beginning of the year for fiscal '23. For fiscal '24, we're projecting to be significantly lower. It's mostly in line -- it doesn't impact necessarily our product road map. It is more or less what we see today relative to what our NAND or basically other types of investments, meaning no other transitions or other types of investments planned. And so I wouldn't say there's any major change relative to what we've already been planning. But given the dynamic macro environment we're operating in, we will continue to monitor, just like we've done in fiscal '23 on a quarterly basis and adjust as needed.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, sure. So on OpEx, you saw we continue to manage it very, very tightly in fiscal Q4. We ended at $582 million, which is around $180 million lower than the same quarter last year. As to your question, over the near term, I think we're within sort of the range where we expect to be. But as the business starts coming back, there could be some small increase as we start layering up some of the variable expenses on that. However, we should never -- we shouldn't expect the increase in OpEx to be faster than the increase in revenue. And so we would be monitoring that, and it will be gradual. And similarly, if there's a need for us to take additional action on OpEx to continue to manage very tightly. We also have some room to do that.
Wissam Jabre: Okay. So Tim, with respect to the Flash side, we continue to make these decisions on an ongoing basis. And from the numbers, you can tell the underutilization related charges were are projected to be roughly flat from Q4 to Q1. As for HDD, I think the math is -- your math on Q1 is close to where the guidance is. But I think in the December quarter, think of the underutilization charges going, let's say, from Q1 to Q2 going down 5% or 10% and all of that decrease coming from HDD, you start seeing some declines basically in the HDD underutilization in the December quarter. And based on what we see today, it's a bit too early to talk about the second-half of the fiscal year 2024. But to the point you were making around the $2 billion revenue mark, we don't need to get to the $2 billion revenue mark to really fully utilize our capacity. If you recall, we've restructured quite a bit of our manufacturing capacity in the Hard Drive business, and we continue to take and optimize that fixed cost aspect of the cost structure. And so we can be fully utilized at a lower level than $2 billion, given the current cost structure.
Wissam Jabre: So yes, the current rate on the convert is 1.5%. And given where the interest rate environment is today, I would expect that to be replaced by that -- when replaced by that to be roughly more expensive than that. So look, it's a little bit too early to talk about it in a lot of details, but this is something that is definitely a focus for us as we think through the various options that are available to us. With respect to refinancing, for instance, we look at the potential cost of capital and our goal is to make sure that we maintain a lower cost of capital to the extent possible. But I expect it to be slightly up from here, all said.
