David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me briefly wrap up, and then we'll open up for questions. While near-term market conditions are challenging, digital transformation continues to drive long-term growth for data storage from client to edge to cloud. With products and solutions that play in every part of the technology ecosystem, Western Digital can meet customers' needs across the spectrum and unlock the possibilities of data. For example, while we are successfully managing through the consumer-led downturn, which is showing signs of stabilization, we are ramping multiple new products into data centers worldwide. As we remain focused on innovation and execution, I am optimistic that Western Digital will emerge stronger as we continue to ramp multiple new products into data centers worldwide and market conditions improve. With our top-tier team innovative and diversified portfolio, broad customer base and differentiated go-to-market engine, we are uniquely positioned to capture the opportunities stemming from the rapid global adoption of the cloud and the expansive and growing ecosystem it supports. Finally, I want to thank our employees for their hard work during this quarter and for solidifying our leadership in storage. In the face of an extremely challenging macro environment, our team worked together to deliver solid financial performance for Western Digital. I’m proud of what this team has accomplished and excited to see what we can do together in calendar 2023 and beyond. All right, Peter. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Yes, we're going to – you've got it. We're going to see a sharp decline in shipments in calendar Q4 and that's going to lead to some pretty significant absorption charges or underutilization charges. And then will grow back out of that as we move into – as we move through 2023.
David Goeckeler: Good morning. So I think this is – the strategy we've been executing over the last couple of years and what we've been talking about, I think, is really paying off for us now at this part of the cycle. We've worked very hard to drive the portfolio abroad and deep portfolio across consumer, across mobile. We obviously still stay qualified at all the vendors, the client SSD portfolio is an anchor of the portfolio, gaming. And now we've added enterprise SSD into the mix. So we've always talked about – we want to have a broad portfolio to be qualified everywhere we can. And then be able to mix based on what gets us to the best return. And so I think at this part of the cycle, we're able to do that. And it also gives us quite a few homes for our supply. So that allows us in a tough quarter, have sequential bit growth. Obviously, pricing is market-based pricing. So we participate in the market and it allows us to basically just change the mix to get the best return we can. So again, I think the portfolio strategy we've been pursuing and we've been talking about getting qualified at the hyperscalers on enterprise SSD, and that is – that gives us another really important home for our supply. So that's how we're thinking about it. I think when you look across the portfolio, we have five or six categories, depending on the quarter, if you look at it for the whole fiscal year, we'll have six different categories where we have a double-digit mix of bits going into those different parts of the market. So I think it gives us a lot of optionality and the ability to generate the best return we can.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think the way we think about it right now, BiCS6 is – we're taking the actions around capital investment to slow down our bit supply in the market to try and get the market balance. I think everybody is doing that. There's really an enormous number of actions to try and get the market back in balance. We feel good about those. We'll take effect next year as we move through the year. What it means for us is BiCS6 will be a shorter node. At this point, the follow-on node BiCS8 is progressing very, very well. And as we move through the year, we'll be able to make a judgment about how long we're going to stay on which node. There's a number of issues around qualifications of products and all those kinds of things. So we'll make thoughtful decisions about that when we get closer to that point as we move through 2023. But we feel very good about where both nodes are and how they're progressing and that will give us the – give us, again, more optionality about how we think about what products we put in the market to get us the best financial return and obviously, the best solution for our customers.
David Goeckeler: Joe, and just to add to that, I mean, we're thinking about how you are. I mean, look, we've got a – we've got to get through this phase of the cycle. I think there's been a lot of discussion about everything from reduced utilization to pushing out CapEx. To your point, there are some regulations that are going to impact supply in the market in 2023. So we're optimistic about the next cycle about getting there. The market is all the – we're reacting strongly to get supply and demand back in balance. But we – as Wissam said, we've invested in our balance sheet – we've invested in innovation in our portfolio to build the resiliency and the agility in the business to manage through this.
David Goeckeler: No, it's – on the second part of your question, it's not because of that at all. It's because we have a lot of homes for our supply, and we're able to get, we think, a good economic return for that. So from – just purely from an economic point of view, it makes sense for us to continue to build the supply. We're definitely going to slow down our bit supply. I think you can think like low to mid-20s for supply next year is kind of the way we're thinking about it.
David Goeckeler: Yes. On NAND cost, when we went through the CapEx exercise, we obviously kept a very close eye on still being able to drive cost declines. It's a very important element of the whole model of what we're doing here. So we're still comfortable with you modeling 15% year-over-year cost declines. I mean, clearly, there'll be some variability from quarter-to-quarter, but we still target that 15% year-over-year. It's a big part – I've talked about this a lot in the past. It's an actual input into the process, into the design process, not an output. And so we really designed to meet that, and it's a strong part of what we're – what the whole business is about. HDD margins will be under pressure next quarter. We will have – as I said before, we'll have some significant underutilization costs that will go into the financials – the other side of that is pricing in nearline and capacity enterprise has been stable benign about what we expect. But we're clearly going to have to – we're going to slow down production significantly, and that will hit us in the margin line next quarter. And then we'll grow out of that as volume comes back. And as we go through 2023, we also feel very – we feel very good that we're going to be ramping into the 22-terabyte drive, which is deep in qualification at a lot of different places around the world. And also the 26-terabyte UltraSMR drive is in qualification as well. And we talked a lot about SMR in the prepared remarks, that is a technology we believe very strongly. That's the next phase of the data center is SMR. And it was – just last quarter, we talked about ending the year with 25% of our exabytes in that market being SMR, we achieved that a quarter early. And now we expect to exit the fiscal year with over 40% of our exabytes being shipped on SMR. So I feel really good about where the portfolio is. And as we grow out of this sharp inventory correction through 2023, we'll be going into strength in the product road map.
David Goeckeler: Pricing in HTD has been something we’ve been very much focused on. We feel very, very positive about the innovation we’re bringing to market. I mean, that’s where all – everything about pricing starts with innovation. You got to bring a great product to market. You got to continue to drive a better value proposition for our customers. And we believe strongly we’re doing that. These new drives have very good TCO benefits for our – the largest data center operators in the world. So pricing in nearline has been, I think benign is the word I’ve used for many quarters now, and I would continue to use that word. And we’re going to be focused on value-based pricing as we ramp into 22 and 26. So that’s the way we’re thinking about it. Again, it’s all about driving a better TCO value proposition through innovation, and then we get to share that benefit of that with our customers. In NAND pricing has clearly been under pressure. I think that’s very well documented. As I said before that look at our pricing last quarter, like for like for like minus 17%, blended minus 22%, we’re clearly mixing this – the mix hurts the pricing a bit, but it also allows us to move a lot of supply. And we think it’s the right – we think it’s the right decision for the business. We expect pricing to be under pressure in calendar Q4 as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We don’t talk about specific customers. But what I can say is there’s multiple, very large customers committed to SMR, some of the largest data center operators in the world. And I think the whole industry is especially UltraSMR. I mean, SMR has been around a long time, right? SMR has been shipped and client drives for a long time, but it actually requires some work on the host side for the data center operators. So when we were able to introduce UltraSMR and get plus 20% on a CMR drive versus the industry standard of plus 10% that really changed the equation a bit. And when you can get 20% capacity uplift, it’s worth the investment on the host site. And we’re seeing that – we’re seeing that move across a lot of operators be very interested in that. So we don’t break out specific customers. I said on an exabyte basis, we expect it to be over 40% exiting the fiscal year. I think you can assume on a revenue basis, it’ll be slightly more than that. But I think that’s how we think about it.
David Goeckeler: All right, let me – I’ll make some comments here and then I’m sure Wissam will probably have something to add as well. So first of all, let’s clarify the comment on gross margin. There is no minimum gross margin. I think the comment was that in the last down cycle, the company’s gross margin bottomed at 19% in flash. I will note that that number did not include the underutilization charges. And when you include the underutilization charges, Wissam, I know we calculated this number.
David Goeckeler: Low teens, okay. So I think that was just a – Mehdi, I just think that was a benchmark that one of the previous questioners was using. So you’re right about how we get the – how the JV economics work. But again, our – the way we think about the portfolio is if we can get the – if we can – if we have a home for the bits, that’s number of – that’s the first thing like, do we have a place where we can – do we have customers that value our innovation in our portfolio and we have a place to put the supply and then we look at pricing and then we look at that equation and does it make economic sense to do that and we drive the portfolio. We’re actually given where we are in the cycle, we’re pleased with the gross margin we’re able to drive in the business at this point. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. Exabyte growth, I mean, clearly we’re going to slow down ACD exabyte growth. I think this – that the industry is going through a pretty large digestion cycle. Part of the CapEx pushout that we saw them talked about, the lion share of that is on the flash side of the business. But we’re also moving out ACD CapEx as well to slow down our exabyte growth there. We have a lot of conviction that the market’s still going to grow in that high 20, 30 plus range on exabyte growth, but we’re going to have to grow back into that as we go through this inventory correction.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would say, those are under pressure as well. I mean, I think across the whole data center business, we see pressure on that part of the market, both from the OEM side and the hyperscalers. I would say the hyperscaler is a little more severe correction, but we’re seeing pressure on both sides of the data center business.
David Goeckeler: I think you’ve got the headset right, which is in the transition from client to cloud, we move all the heads and media over to cloud. We’ve been in that transition for a long time. We’re very, very deep in that. I would say we’re in the last stages of that transition. So simple thing with client drives have a lot more discs and heads in them and we use all that capacity.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thanks everyone for joining us. Look, we’ll be talking to all of you throughout the quarter. We appreciate your participation in the call. It’s obviously a very dynamic environment we’re all facing out there. Feel really good about the way we’ve been navigating this. Hopefully we’ve given you some good color about how we’re thinking about the business going forward. Again, have a great day everyone. Thank you.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. The only thing – I mean, I think the only thing I would add, David, is yes, pricing is pretty much what's going to be the main driver of gross margin in the calendar Q4.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Good morning, Joe, thanks for the question. So with respect to the first part of your question, look, we're – we entered this down cycle in a very much stronger financial position than the previous one. If you recall, we reduced our debt by $2.7 billion. We've improved the earnings power of the business. We strengthened our portfolio. And also, if you look at our liquidity at the end of Q1, we had around $4.3 billion between a little bit more than $2 billion of cash and cash equivalents and the $2.25 billion revolver that's undrawn. So we have ample liquidity to operate within the – in the next few quarters. And from where we are now, we're very comfortable in terms of the continued profitability of the business.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. And on the second part of the question, Wamsi. In Q1, we saw approximately a couple of hundred million dollars of growth in inventory at the end of the quarter. Our days of inventory were at 128. We're expecting to see a similar type of trends in the calendar Q4, roughly speaking, let's say, $100 million to $200 million growth and a bit of an increase in our days of inventory.
Wissam Jabre: So let me take the question. So with respect to inventory in the September quarter the majority of the inventory growth was in NAND. On the HDD side, we were mostly flattish. As we look into the December quarter, we’re expecting to continue to see more NAND inventory growth and there will be some HDD inventory growth, but not as much as we are anticipating to see NAND growth there. And the HDD growth will be basically just driven by the weakness we’re seeing in the market. But also we will – we’re carefully managing our utilization. They will be under absorption costs. We’re also trying to carefully manage our utilization going forward. And in terms of the – the part of the question with respect to holding shipments no, we’re not planning to hold shipments.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So on the comment with respect to underutilization, yes, from where we stand today, this seems to be where we see probably underutilization at its lowest. And we would start getting ourselves out of that as demand improves. With respect to CapEx, we are aiming to reduce our cash CapEx for the fiscal year by 20%. Ideally we want to do more. The way to think of it is in our cash CapEx the 20% is roughly split around the 30% reduction with respect – and these are relative to our previous expectations. So 30% lower than previously expected on the NAND side. And on the HTD side, it’s a reduction of 10% to 15% relative to the previous expectations.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So Sidney, for free cash flow, we’re projecting a negative free cash flow in the December quarter and for the fiscal year. Keep in mind that we have the IRS settlement payment that is still projected to be in the fiscal 2023. And this was estimated at $600 million to $700 million. With respect to inventory, look, we did see a small impact in terms of write-down in the September quarter. Ultimately, it all depends on how the net pricing develops in the next few quarters. So it’s difficult to predict at this time, but it will depend on where the net pricing progresses.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So with respect to the run rate of OpEx when you look at – maybe I’ll talk a little bit about where we ended in Q1, because this is a bit relevant on how we think about it going forward. So in Q1 we saw an approximately $70 million to $80 million actually drop from the prior quarter. So we ended it around $689 million. We took action on variable expenses and non-discretionary spend. Basically we are tightening the – totally the expenses management. As we look forward for the next few quarters, the run rate is expected to be $650 million to $700 million. And we’re still contemplating few other actions that may help us keep things even tighter. So that’s the run rate. On the part of the question related to the client capacity restructuring, the OpEx does not reflect that. This mostly – the impact of that is mostly on the cost of goods sold. And with the reduction of approximately 40% of our capacity, we expect to see on an annual basis, roughly $45 million to $50 million benefit. So that’s roughly speaking a little bit more than $10 million, let’s call it around, $10 million to $12 million a quarter. In terms of the last part of the question on the heads and media, some of this capacity is fungible. And we can – part of our capital investment was to continue to invest in our heads and media to ensure we have the capacity to drive the – or supply the growth expected in the future. But as we talked about that, also we are managing our capital expenditures over the next few quarters to manage our cash.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So, I won’t necessarily guide to a cash number, but we’re expecting a negative free cash flow quarter in the calendar Q4. From a liquidity perspective, look, we ended the Q1 at $4.3 billion with around $2 billion of cash. And we still have $2.25 billion of revolver. And so from a liquidity perspective we’re comfortable in the ability for us to continue to operate comfortably.
