Stephen D. Milligan: Thank you, Peter, and good afternoon, everyone. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights and Mark will cover the fiscal first quarter financials and wrap up with our second quarter guidance. We will then take your questions. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we reported revenue of $5 billion and non-GAAP gross margin of 38%. Non-GAAP operating expenses were at the year-ago level and, with the help of a capital structure that has significantly reduced interest expense, we delivered $3.04 in non-GAAP earnings per share and over $700 million in operating cash flow during the quarter. While our first quarter results were impacted by declines in flash average selling prices, we experienced strong performance in capacity enterprise, surveillance hard drives, and embedded flash solutions, with each growing revenue over 30% on a year-over-year basis. Current geopolitical and industry dynamics are creating a more challenging global business environment. For example, trade tensions with China, changes in monetary policy, foreign exchange volatility and the corresponding economic impacts are causing our customers to be more conservative resulting in a demand slowdown for our products. This softening demand, in combination with increased flash supply, has led to a market imbalance resulting in a deteriorating near-term flash pricing environment. In response to these conditions, we are making an immediate reduction to wafer starts and delaying deployment of capital equipment. These actions will reduce our wafer output beginning in fiscal Q3 2019. The goal of these actions is to better align our output with the projected global demand for flash. The duration of the planned output reduction will depend upon market conditions and will not impact our ability to meet customer commitments nor will it impede our ability to deliver the most innovative and cost-competitive solutions to the market. Longer term, we remain focused on technology leadership, the broadening of our product portfolio and continued operational improvements. Highlights of our recent successes in these areas include: leadership in bringing the highest capacity and lowest total cost of ownership solutions to cloud customers with our recently introduced 15-terabyte SMR-based hard drive, successful introduction on 96-layer BiCS4 solutions, including our latest SATA-based client SSD and the industry's first UFS 2.1 embedded flash drive for high-end smartphones, ongoing growth in data center systems and industry accolades for our ActiveScale object storage systems – Gartner has recognized ActiveScale as a challenger in the 2018 Gartner Magic Quadrant – and operational improvements that include the rightsizing of our hard drive manufacturing footprint. We remain well positioned to capitalize on the long-term opportunities associated with the rapid growth in the volume and value of data. I want to thank the Western Digital team and our partners for their ongoing support. We look forward to hosting our 2018 Investor Day on December 4 to provide further insight about our plans to deliver long-term shareholder value through ongoing growth and leadership in today's data-driven world. With that, I will now ask Mike to share our business highlights.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah, so let me add color on that. Our – the efforts that we're taking are intended to get our supply-demand equation in balance by the middle of calendar 2019. We don't know what the rest of the industry is going to do. And so your comment in terms of why we think that the industry's going to follow, that's not a correct characterization, that's going to depend upon the behavior of our competitors. And so, really, what we're trying to do is, if you want to call it that, get our own house in order so that we are better positioned to take advantage of, let's call it, the long-term growth opportunities in the market. And in particular, to kind of put a finer point on it, we would expect that demand from a seasonal perspective would pick up in the second half of calendar 2019. And getting our inventory situation in better balance will position us better than we otherwise would have been if we had not taken these actions.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. And the other thing I would add is there is no intent or implied shift bit share loss in our numbers. In other words, as I indicated in my prepared remarks, we still intend to have enough bits or supply to demand our customer commitments. This is really a matter of supply has been outstripping demand for a variety of different reasons. We want to get that excess out of the system and better position us going forward.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, it's a great question. And the reality is that, I'll be sort of literal, we don't know for sure. We're going to have to wait and see, but we would expect that we would continue to face a challenging flash market through the first half of calendar 2019. And so that implies that there could be further margin compression, but at what rate, we will have to see. But we don't – these reductions that we're making from a wafer start perspective will not begin to hit just because of lead time for us until the first quarter of 2019. It will primarily allow us to reduce our inventory. And then, of course, we've got the demand environment that we're dealing with and whatever competitive dynamics we'll be dealing with. But we do expect the first half of 2019 to continue to be challenging for us and for the industry.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. And we continue to – because of the joint venture structure and that, we continue to expect to benefit from scale despite the reduction in wafer starts, because it's only our capacity that we're reducing those wafer starts. But if you look at the total output of the joint venture, we continue to have the broader benefit of scale semiconductor manufacturing operations.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. And just to comment on that because the – as painful as it is, the announced closure of our Kuala Lumpur manufacturing facility anticipated continued decline, particularly in terms of client hard drives. And so that expected uptick in terms of substitution of SSDs for hard drives has been factored into our plans. And we'll continue to look at opportunities at how do we optimize our manufacturing footprint in light of that. But the KL activity, that closure, not to take it lightly, but was done in direct response to that anticipated uptick.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. And, Mehdi, just to add color to that, because I think it's important to emphasize, when we looked at the decision to cut capacity, not cut capacity, I mean, ultimately, what we were solving for was what did we think was a better answer from a cash perspective. And that action in and of itself, just as a for instance, provides us with a meaningful net cash positive. And so that is something that we are constantly looking at mechanisms to optimize not only on a short-term basis but on a long-term basis.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, let me give some color on the inventory situation. The inventory is up. It's up more than we want it to be, okay, let's put that out there first. But it's up for three principal reasons. One is is that we have more flash inventory than we'd like, all right? That's why we're taking the wafer start cuts so that we get that inventory back down to a more acceptable level, better matched in terms of supply and demand. So that will be corrected, barring there being other changes in demand and that kind of thing, that will be corrected over the course of the next – well, through the middle of calendar 2019 because of those actions. The other thing is is that we have built up a bit of more inventory, not excess inventory, but more inventory. As we look to close our Kuala Lumpur facility and transition that manufacturing, we need some buffer inventory to enable that transition because you can't unplug it from one factory and plug it into another factory and not lose any manufacturing. You have manufacturing downtime as a consequence of that. That's the second reason. The third reason is that we have largely been running over the course of the previous nine months, let's just say, at very high demand levels in terms of capacity enterprise. And so we've been a little bit, let's call it, hand to mouth without much buffer inventory in terms of capacity inventory. As that market, well, not only begins to soften, but as it softens, we'll see a returning to a more normal level of capacity inventory for capacity hard drives because the demand predictability on the part of our partners or our customers is not necessarily that great. They don't want to go down in terms of having drives, and so we tend to hold a little bit more extra inventory for them in order to maintain high levels of service. So that's in brief the explanation of what's going on with our inventory balance.
Stephen D. Milligan: So they own the buildings. They do that. They have the labor. We have to pay for the labor, things like that.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. Just to add to that, I mean, really, what we're seeing, and I don't want us to sound alarmist, but we've seen other people talk about it in terms of reports in that. The simplest way of characterizing it in terms of what's happening from a broader demand perspective is there's a bit of a risk-off kind of mentality in terms of our customers, end markets, all that. So everybody is kind of leaning out in effect their supply chains. So if you look at the hyperscale guys, they're going to push up their utilization rates to higher levels than maybe what they were operating at. If you look at, say, it's a PC company, they're going to thin out their inventories, our channel partners are going to chin up (35:56). So there's a – but it's generally under this guise of kind of just taking a little bit of air out of the balloon from a risk standpoint. We are doing the same. We are absolutely doing the same and taking actions from a cost, from a capacity perspective, from an expense perspective that is reflective of that environment.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, dividend is a critical part. We're not that formulaic, I would say, number one. But the dividend is a key part of our capital allocation program, if you want to call it that. And we continue to expect it to be that way going forward. And we'll look at different factors and see if we want to modulate it. But clearly, in the short term, we're not looking at anything that would – we're not looking at cutting the dividend. I can assure you of that.
Stephen D. Milligan: So the first half will continue to be certainly weak compared to what we saw last year. But that was – the growth was above the longer-term exabyte growth rate of 40%. But we expect this, if you want to call it, stall from a buying perspective to persist through the first half and then resume to more normal patterns in the back half of 2019.
Stephen D. Milligan: While also making sure that we're not cutting our nose off in spite of our face in terms of enabling our technology and product competitiveness over a longer threshold.
Stephen D. Milligan: But I will add that we are making good progress. I mean, very pleased with our ramp of 64- layer and 96-layer technology. So we feel that we are very competitively positioned in that regard.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yeah. So relative to the Data Center side of the business, capacity enterprise in particular, we think that cost decline runs roughly at the same rate. So in that sort of 15% to 25%, so it tracks nicely.
Stephen D. Milligan: All right. Thank you for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you on December 4 at our Investor Day. Have a good rest of the day. Thank you.
Michael D. Cordano: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. As Steve mentioned, we are taking aggressive actions to align our supply of flash to current end market demand. I'd like to provide some additional insight into our actions announced today. Our immediate reduction in wafer starts and delayed deployment of capital equipment is a reflection of the adjustment to bit supply growth needed to improve the supply-demand dynamic by midyear 2019. The magnitude of these actions is a reduction of 10% to 15% of our planned bit output in calendar year 2019. With these adjustments to our supply, we expect our bit growth in calendar year 2019 to be in line with our view of end market demand growth of between 36% to 38%. We will continue to monitor market conditions and make additional adjustments either up or down as the situation dictates. As we enter the second fiscal quarter, we are faced with a number of market factors that will impact our near-term results. Beyond the flash supply dynamic, other challenges include: we expect to be negatively impacted by the widely publicized CPU shortage. Industry analysts have estimated the PC unit growth will be constrained between 5% to 10% for the current quarter with the situation potentially lingering into early calendar year 2019. We are experiencing a temporary slowdown in Data Center capital spending, particularly by large cloud service providers after several quarters of growth above the expected long-term exabyte growth rate of 40% for capacity enterprise. We are in the midst of adjusting to a more normal growth rate. For the calendar year 2018, we now project capacity enterprise exabyte growth of approximately 55%. Based on discussions with our customers, we expect stronger growth to resume in the second half of calendar year 2019. Steve has already talked about how the global business environment is contributing to a risk averse orientation with our end markets. These dynamics are having a disproportionate impact on certain end markets outside the U.S., particularly China. As a management team, we are well aware of the current macroeconomic and industry conditions and are taking appropriate actions to respond, while ensuring we invest for future growth and leadership across the markets we serve. Examples of our progress in the first quarter were: we maintained our leading position across all the brands in our Client Solutions portfolio, including G-Tech, SanDisk and WD. Client Devices experienced healthy demand in both surveillance hard drives and in embedded mobile flash solutions versus a year ago. Leading smartphone providers continue to increase the average capacity per device, which is driving ongoing growth for our mobile products. Data Center Devices and Solutions revenue grew year-over-year, driven primarily by continued demand for our capacity enterprise hard drive. In addition, we experienced record revenue in our emerging data center systems products, a strategic growth area we will discuss in more detail at our upcoming Investor Day in December. I will now turn the call over to Mark for the financial overview.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So, on the cost-down, just as we think about costs, we've talked about the long-term range of between 15% and 25%. We've been operating and expect to be operating near the low end of that. We continue to see that as our expectation, and obviously, we'll update this further with more perspective at the Analyst Day in December. Relative to the product impacts, it's roughly impacted equally on both sides between the HDD and the flash business relative to the impact in question.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, and just to add a little color on that, our costs bring us in line with what we expect the end market demand to be. So straight calculation there is it's obviously intending to maintain share.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. Relative to the cost declines, you're on the points. It's tech transition, so rate in which we convert to the next node, and the implementation of QLC over the longer horizon. That's a bigger lever. The thing we are highlighting in our projections as of now is just the realities of the 3D era, right. They're more capital intensive and the cost declines are going to certainly be less than they were in the 2D era. So that's all part of how the market and the industry is having to plan differently.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. I think in the case of relative pricing, that's not the direct impact. It really is the rate of cannibalization. And we have seen that accelerate. We would expect we exit the year about 60% in terms of SSD versus HDD in the PC space.
Michael D. Cordano: So if your question is a downside bias to the lower end of that range, I think we'll give you more commentary in December what we think next year will look like.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah. So on the capacity enterprise side, it is quite broad-based. We're seeing it sort of across all – our comments relative to China were not specific to the cloud providers. It's really more broadly our assessment of the market in China. So just to separate it distinctly, broad impact on cloud service providers on a worldwide basis. And then the China comment was more general to broad market slowness in China.
Michael D. Cordano: No, I don't think we have any specific indications of that, but I think, as Steve said, they are taking a more conservative posture. I think in some indications, they are continuing to consume some inventory, but that's not the primary driver.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, let me answer that. So, yes, as I've said in my prepared remarks, we expect more robust growth to return to that sector in the second half of calendar 2019. So that's the way we're thinking about it currently.
Michael D. Cordano: Yeah, I think it's a combination of the two. I think, obviously, there's been a rapid build-out that has been occurring. Different providers have had different drivers of their build-out. So, in some instances, they're onetime things that are sort of behind them. In other instances, as you know, in addition to the risk-off, once they do a large build-out, they'll move into an optimization mode. So there's some of that going on as well. So it's a combination of those things that are really creating the demand environment we're articulating here.
Michael D. Cordano: Our view of it would be this. First of all, depending on which part of our market, it's not, let's call it, proportionally impacting the market. So it's less in the first year and more elsewhere. And we actually see it as a constraint to shipments in the period. So that's how we are evaluating it.
Mark P. Long: Yeah, so from a modeling standpoint, when you think about the HDD side, the capacity enterprise and client compute contribute to the decrease in revenue. And then on the flash side, we have the pricing environment reducing revenue as well as mobility declines. The margin changes are largely a function of the flash pricing environment and then the lower mix of capacity enterprise on the hard drive side.
Mark P. Long: So, in terms of our covenants, through our refinancings and the optimization of our balance sheet earlier in this calendar year, we put ourselves in a good position to manage through volatility. And we remain in good standing with respect to our covenants. And our current forecast keeps us in a good position with respect to compliance. As it relates to managing cash flow, we are looking at all the levers, as Steve pointed out. That's part of our overall review. We look at our manufacturing footprint. We look at how we manage working capital. We look at our OpEx levels, and we are constantly pushing to both manage our business as efficiently as we can with respect to the current market environment and then make sure that we are also investing in the right ways for what we see as some very good long-term opportunities and some very good growth potential on the capacity enterprise hard drive side and in the flash business.
Mark P. Long: So the technical structure of the JV is not as you describe. It's actually that we make cash payments to the JV, but it's not for the purpose of purchasing wafers. As a result, it's what I referred to as the – we have no incremental cash payments, but we do continue to make cash payments in connection with our JV agreement to basically pay for the CapEx, appreciation, et cetera.
Mark P. Long: Right. So this is a true underutilization charge that we are taking. It doesn't have anything to do with the purchasing of wafers.
Mark P. Long: Sure. There's no change – yeah, there's no change to our capital allocation strategy. As we have said, we have a balanced strategy. We allocate the capital among our top priorities. So investing in the business, our CapEx, and then we look at, of course, the dividend and our share repurchases. We had targeted $1.5 billion for repurchases in fiscal 2019, and as we said, we remain on track for that. So there's really no change other than we do agree that, with the current share price, it is an attractive use of capital. And we will factor that into our balanced strategy going forward.
Mark P. Long: Yeah. So as I think both Steve and Mike mentioned, we are very focused on optimizing our cost and expense structure, given the market environment. As we indicated, our OpEx will be trending down in the current quarter. And we will look for opportunities to continue to improve that and reduce that going forward. So...
