David Goeckeler: Thanks, Bob. As technology continues to advance, our powerful portfolio will remain centered on developing solutions to our customers' evolving storage needs. Western Digital's unique ability to offer complementary flash and hard drive products benefits the industry, our customers and our company as a whole. While market conditions continue improving, I believe the organization and leadership changes made over the last year are now delivering more agility, better execution and a stronger portfolio and collectively are driving results and unlocking the underlying strengths of Western Digital. We are in a unique leadership position and feel confident that we can continue to drive innovation, while delivering value for all of our stakeholders. We will now begin the Q&A session.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Aaron, thank you. Yes, it's something we've been working on for a while, I guess. I mean when I got here a year ago, it kind of struck me that it was a big business and it was very transactional. And the more certainty we could put around, it would be better for all of us, especially going into a world where we're going to be investing capital in this business. We're trying to judge supply and demand and get that right as the market shifts to capacity enterprise. So there are multi-quarter agreements, as you would imagine. And we talk about the amount of demand they are going to have, and we set a price for that period. So as opposed to just going quarter-by-quarter, we're extending that out to multi-quarter agreements to give us both more visibility around the business.
David Goeckeler: Well, I think -- I mean -- so the first part is getting out of COVID. I think we had 1.6% impact on gross margin due to COVID, so that continues to be an issue. And we're all hoping things continue to get better there. Obviously, mix is a question -- an issue as we get more client in the work from home. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but it's definitely a different margin profile. And then getting to scale on the capacity points where we can continue to drive the costs down. And -- we can't control the pricing in the market, but continuing to deliver a strong TCO proposition for our customers. And that's what we're continuing to do. We believe we have a long road map of continued density and aerial density improvements on HDDs. They're the foundational storage element in the cloud, which I think is a very good place to be. And so we're working on it from all of those angles.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So we're happy where the technology is. I mean, I think we're going to -- we're still at our -- we target 15%. In some quarters, we do better, some quarters maybe we do a little worse than that. We're in a good spot. A lot of the portfolio is on BiCS4, which is a very high-performing node for us. So we're very happy with the cost downs. Hopefully, you tuned into Dr. Sivaram's discussion of NAND technology and kind of what's driving, all of this. We do believe very strongly in our technology road map with Kioxia. Between us, we're the biggest investor in NAND. And so we have a lot of confidence in our road map and to be able to sustain that. As we look into the next quarter, we talked about it. We continue to see a good pricing environment. So we expect to continue to get good cost downs in the portfolio and in a rising price environment that puts us in a good spot to drive gross margin.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We expect sequential growth in that market. I think this quarter, we had a good -- we had basically a balanced shipment of our capacity enterprise across 14, 16 and 18, and we see that shifting strongly to 18 sequentially, and we expect that to drive -- we see sequential exabyte growth and also sequential gross margin improvement in the portfolio as we move forward as well.
David Goeckeler: So we're working on calls with the big enterprise OEMs, so that's still in process. As I talked about last time, that's a multi-quarter process. It's going along fine. We're seeing good demand in the channel for that product. So that's a good indication. As far as where we're going to land on share, I mean, I think one of the things to -- we're really running a balanced portfolio across a whole bunch of different markets we're in from client SSD to mobility. I think the big thing for us is to get the enterprise SSD qualified and now start to ship at scale. But we're still going to run a balanced portfolio across the big markets we have, which is client SSD, mobility, enterprise SSD and, of course, retail. And then with things like gaming coming up quickly as well. So we feel good about where the product is. We think it was a major milestone for us last quarter when we got the call done at a cloud titan, and we saw the benefits of that this past quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So we're working on -- I mean, obviously, we're working to get as much supply as we can. I mean this past quarter, we did see shortages in controllers, let's say, in places like Chromebooks, where we probably couldn't get as many controllers as we would have liked and could have shipped a little more into that. But in general, what we're able to do is with the supply we have is shift the portfolio around where we get the biggest return for that, whether it's moving those controllers to products in the channel or in retail -- from retail into the channel and vice versa, where we're going to get the highest return. So the agility, I think, that the team is implementing on all of our different go-to-market routes has been very beneficial over the last couple of quarters, and I expect it to be going forward as well. So we're able to mitigate it a little bit. We're not able to completely escape it, but we're going to continue working to get all the supply we can. And we definitely know what the forecast. It's matched to the supply we have. So we don't expect any surprises from that regard.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So you got it right. I mean we're going to invest to maintain share. We feel good about the demand situation. I mean '22 is pretty far out. As you know, of course, we guide 1 quarter at a time, I have to say that. But yes, we continue to see demand as strong into the second half of this year, certainly. I mean we're -- we -- whether it's in the PC market or in the cloud infrastructure market, we're pretty bullish. So we'll manage it through the end of the year and be disciplined with our CapEx investment and go one quarter a time.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We don't go into that much detail on a customer-by-customer basis. I mean we -- it's fair to say with these customers, we have long-standing and very deep relationships given our position in their data centers and given that 90% of the storage in the cloud is on hard drive. So it's just about getting more visibility of what their plans are and get anything aligned with where we're going and making sure that our business is aligned with where their business is headed. It's kind of as simple as that to give us more visibility and try and move the market, as I said, from this transactional quarter to time to allow us both to plan for what the next several quarters look like.
David Goeckeler: A big part of it is mix. I think we've been talking for a long time that 18 capacity point is a better point for us. And as I said, this quarter, we shipped pretty balanced number of 14s, 16s and 18s, and we'll see that tilt strongly to 18s next quarter.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, I think it's what -- I think you're starting to see the better execution. And on the flash side, build out the portfolio across a number of end markets, which I think that enterprise SSD was a big piece of getting that established with the cloud titans. We clearly have a very strong client SSD portfolio. We have, I think, a very strong retail portfolio. Mobility, we've talked about. We stay qualified with all the top vendors. We very much participate in that market, maybe less than -- definitely less than some others. And then we have a lot of new products coming around gaming and smart home devices, where because of our strong relationships with those big cloud customers that also drive that portfolio gives us kind of a front-row seat as those are developed. So I think it's built out the portfolio and then use our routes to market to deliver the best return we can, given the pricing environment in the market. And I think we're able to do that in flash this quarter and balance the portfolio across all the markets and put the agility in the system to make sure that we're doing that. And I would say from a year ago to where we are now and the way we executed the last quarter, there's just much more agility in the system and to be able to react and get the best outcome we can. In the hard drive side, it's drive -- continue to drive aerial density and leadership, return to a leadership position as we did with 18 and then continue that forward. It's a good market. I think we've had a long-standing position there. And then I think there's -- we've seen the synergy between the 2 portfolios in the client space. We have a great client SSD portfolio where these technologies were substitutes for each other. We had long-standing relationships with those customers where we can manage that transition. And in the data center, they're more complementary technologies, and I think the ability to execute that synergy is in front of us.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We're -- we've been -- since the commerce rules came out, I think back in September, we stopped shipping per the rules. We talked to commerce frequently. We have our own attorneys and outside firms. We know that, that's the right position and that's the position we continue to be in. The licenses are pending with commerce, and we'll see how that plays out. I don't think there's been any -- there hasn't been any movement there recently. As far as what our competitors do, and I can't speak to what they're doing. So I only have insight into our position, and we are clearly not shipping to places where we're not supposed to per commerce department regulation.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Well, I mean, I think it's always whatever the customer is asking for. So every customer is at a different point in the evolution of their data center of what they're deploying. Some are still deploying 14 at scale. Some went to 18 as quickly as possible, and others are at different points of deploying 16 or 18. And so we meet the customers where they are in that process. So -- but we expect 18 to be the predominant point going forward. It's just a better TCO equation. So it's -- you would expect the customers to go there when they can, given their own internal architectural evolution.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We see a quarter of strong growth coming up. I think we're still in that around 35% exabyte growth for the year. So -- and as the market shifts to 18, I think that we're an incrementally stronger position. So that's how I expect the rest of the year to play out.
David Goeckeler: I mean, I think in data center, we expect improvement. I mean I'm trying to think here around modular seasonality. I mean devices are very strong. I mean we saw a lot of strength in PC and client, and I think we continue to see -- we saw -- this past quarter, we saw decline but the way better than seasonal decline. So we expect that to continue. We think that market is strong. Our customers are telling us that market is strong. The number of units shipped is up. So that continues to be a good market. I think data center with 18 ramping stronger. You're going to see growth there. And I think in the retail space, we'll see sequential growth, but probably a little smaller than the others, but still very good performance.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I mean, I think we're going to forecast at 1 quarter at a time, but we're working -- the teams are working very hard to do that they're going to do in any storage market, which has continued to bring down the costs. And as you scale the products, you'll bring down the cost. So I think the whole industry is driving back to 30% gross margins. I think we're going to get there one step at a time, but we're going to work on both sides of it is make sure we've got good supply/demand matching on kind of what the demand is in the market. And then we talked about multi-quarter supply agreements, I think, which helps give some certainty and then work on the cost side a bit. So we're -- every quarter, we're focused on all those elements, and we'll continue to drive it. Now it starts with delivering a great value proposition for our customers and continuing to drive a better TCO equation as we drive higher and higher aerial densities. And we've got a long road map on aerial density improvement. A big piece of that was us implementing or introducing energy assist. And that was a big thing with our 16, 18. As we're now just starting to ramp the '18, we've got energy assist in the market. That's -- there's well over a decade of research behind that, and we've now commercialized it. And so that gives us many generations on that technology to continue to improve aerial density, which is going to improve the TCO equation for our customers.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think the word I used last time was cloud digestion abating when we talked about this. But they're all in a slightly different spot, but we're into an ingestion phase for the most part.
David Goeckeler: Yes. It's not something we're overly worried about at this point. I think the industry has been pretty disciplined for the last several years. And I think there's now pretty strong demand in the market. So I mean, we feel pretty good about the balance of supply/demand in the market going forward. I mean, again, there's -- even the -- well, let me just leave it at that. We're pretty happy with where supply/demand balance is. I mean, I think everybody is trying to figure out what's the long-term demand for technology coming out of pandemic. It's kind of a unique situation, so -- but we're staying very close to it. And our view is that industry has been pretty balanced on the whole topic.
David Goeckeler: I think your second issue is, without going into all the details, is not a concern for us. On the first issue, I mean, I think we saw, first of all, very strong sequential growth in data center for us this quarter of 53%, although it was down -- I get your point year-over-year. I was very strong compared a year ago on exabyte shipment, but we expect sequential growth there in exabyte shipments on the drive side and I think up on flash as well, maybe not as strong as the expected growth we expect in hard drives as 18 really starts to be the major point in the industry. But we see sequential improvement there, Jim.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I guess one way to think about that is we delivered above what we guided. So I think we're ahead of where we thought the market would be when we walked into it. And a lot of that is we have really strong exposure to a lot of transactional markets in the channel and in retail. And as price tightens, it allows us to move pricing in those big markets, much faster than other markets, OEM markets, which are quarter-by-quarter phenomena -- I mean, not phenomenon, quarter-by-quarter negotiation. So yes. I mean, I think the market was good for us. And as I said, the go-to-market teams and the BU teams were very agile as far as shifting our supply around on where we could get the best return for it in the quarter. As far as going forward, I mean, we're guiding for sequential improvement in flash gross margin. We're seeing that. We saw the pricing strength that we -- or firmness that we saw in the transactional markets translate into the negotiated markets. I think last quarter, we were waiting to see if that was going to happen. We see that going into Q4. And so we're definitely forecasting incrementally stronger flash margins in this current quarter.
David Goeckeler: No, not necessarily our client products. There is some of that because I think the easiest way to think about it is a lot of these big cloud titans also have big consumer portfolios. Whether it's gaming, tablets, VR headsets, that's what I'm talking about us participating in those builds, in those parts of the market as well. And as part of that go-to-market synergy we've talked about, I think we tend to only think of it as HDDs and enterprise SSDs, but it's much broader than that, given the relationship we have from the HDD business with these customers and the depth of the relationship. And they all -- where most of them also have big consumer portfolio as well, whether it's home automation or the kind of things I talked about. So our ability to participate in those parts of the market for flash is just what we're talking about.
David Goeckeler: Yes, Steven, we haven't talked about high-definition video or in particular, but I mean, one way to think about it is just driving more demand for storage. I think all the devices we carry have more and more capability to store higher definition video, which is just driving the need for more storage per device. So if you have something more specific than that, I'm happy to follow-up on and go...
David Goeckeler: Smart video, the smart video market, I'm sorry, I misinterpreted. Smart video right in the HDD market. We see -- that market has been pretty stable. I think we see some improvement in it. But I mean, I don't think there's anything that's particularly noteworthy, except that it's a good market for us and continue to move forward.
David Goeckeler: All right, everyone. Look, we really appreciate you spending time with us. We'll follow up with you throughout the quarter. And again, thanks for joining us. Take care.
Robert Eulau: And we're beginning to ramp our BiCS5 112-layer technology as well, which will continue to help bring the cost down.
Robert Eulau: Well, gross margins were up in both -- I'm sorry, gross margins were up on the flash side. They're actually down sequentially.
Robert Eulau: In the June quarter. Yes. Sequentially, will be up in both businesses, probably driven a little bit more on the flash side.
Robert Eulau: And I think the costs will get better quarter-to-quarter as well. We slowed down production a little bit in the March quarter, and we're back at full production here in the June quarter.
Robert Eulau: Yes. No, that's a good question. And we definitely are carrying a little more inventory than we normally would, particularly on the hard drive side because of the tightness on controllers. And also, frankly, because of the logistics costs associated with COVID-19, we're putting more products on the ocean and not in the air. So it's definitely having an impact in terms of working capital in that respect. Our accounts payable did go down this quarter. I mean that really was a result of a slowing down on the production in the March quarter, and I think it will come back up again this quarter.
Robert Eulau: Yes. No, that's a good observation. And we expected CapEx to be around $3 billion this year, pretty much all year. The main delta is we actually sold some real estate this past quarter to the tune of about $100 million.
Robert Eulau: Yes. So I don't think we heard quite all the beginning of your comment, but you're correct that the K1 period expenses are immaterial now. We've ramped there to normal volume levels, and so those costs are getting inventory. So it's -- I think we're kind of in a normal state. As New York fabs come on, it's not going to have as big an impact from a start-up cost standpoint as the greenfield that we did with K1. So definitely, you're bringing on some fixed costs, but we'll also be bringing production volumes up and amortizing those costs over a bigger base because we have multiple fabs on a given campus.
Robert Eulau: I do taxes, and Dave didn't talk about video. So yes, and we -- this has come up in prior calls. I mean we've been in a situation over the last couple of years where our operating profits have been below what we expected. And we have minimum taxes that we have to pay around the world. And so our rate was higher than what we would consider normal the last couple of years. Now as we're forecasting the rest of this fiscal year with the profitability we're expecting, we're very confident in the rate of 17%. And it will be -- as we look to future years, it will be a function of how profitable we are in those years. But right now, I think a good planning number is 17%.
