Stephen D. Milligan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal third quarter financials and wrap up with our guidance for the fiscal fourth quarter. We reported strong financial performance in the March quarter, enabled by excellent operational execution by our team and favorable trends across all of our end markets. We reported revenue of $4.6 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 39% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.39. With three consecutive quarters of strong financial results following the completion of the SanDisk acquisition, we are seeing continued validation of our growth strategy and our ongoing transformation into a comprehensive provider of diversified storage products and technologies. We have constructed a powerful platform with the broadest set of products, enabling us to be a leader in the storage industry. Our transformation over the last several years provides us with the opportunity to not only compete in today's marketplace, but to be strongly positioned to grow and thrive into the future. And I would remind you that the results we are achieving today do not yet reflect the full impact of our targeted synergies from our HGST and SanDisk integrations. The healthy current demand environment underscores the unabated growth in data and its increasing value in our professional and personal lives. As the new Western Digital, we are enjoying increasingly strategic relationships with our customers as they contemplate pivotal technology and architectural transitions. Strengthening our ability to play a leading role in the storage industry, our team continues to execute very well on two key strategic priorities. The integration of HGST, SanDisk and WD, and the ramp of our 3D NAND technology, each of which Mark and Mike will elaborate on. I want to share some thoughts on Toshiba's efforts to divest their memory business. Since 2000, Western Digital has been a partner with Toshiba, driving flash memory innovation and contributing significant value to our respective stakeholders through our joint venture in Japan. Our goals throughout this, the current process, have remained consistent and resolute. First, to protect and preserve the health of the JV, which we believe is one of the most successful in the technology industry, and in which we have invested more than $13 billion over its 17-year duration. Second, to protect our interest with respect to any transaction involving the JV interest or assets, none of which could be completed without our consent. And finally, to explore potential long-term value creation opportunities for both Western Digital's and Toshiba's stakeholders. We are committed to continuing this storied partnership in Japan. As we have communicated directly to Toshiba, we believe Western Digital is best positioned to lead and implement a transaction that will achieve the goals of all of Toshiba's stakeholders. And we are working with them to develop a win-win solution. We have been communicating with key stakeholders and partners to evaluate a full range of potential alternatives to this challenging situation. I will now turn the call over to Mike to provide business highlights in the March quarter.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, well, part of – this is Steve, Mehdi. Part of our job is, no matter who shows up at what places, that our most important asset is our people. And part of the things that we try to do on a routine basis, is make sure that not only do they remain with our company, but that they're motivated and giving 110%, if you want to call it that, to the performance of the company, and we're going to continue to do that going forward, frankly, no matter who shows up at which one of the companies that may have an interest in recruiting our people.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, let me comment. I think as the year progresses, we would see the increasing deployment as a percentage of the total of 10-terabyte, which we feel very comfortable with our current product capability as well as our design win outlook across the major consumers of that product. Later in the year we may see some 12-terabyte begin to happen at greater scale, so that transition has begun. We also see ourselves in a good position from a exabyte share perspective, and we would think those trends will continue in a positive manner throughout the year.
Stephen D. Milligan: And strong execution, both from just an operational perspective and from a cost perspective, which obviously that part of it is something that we'll be doing in effect independent of the demand or pricing environment.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, the reality is we talk to Toshiba all the time. They're our partner, and so we have ongoing engagements with them or discussions with them at various different levels. The question with regards to timing, that I can't speculate on, and so I'm going to have to punt on the answer to speculating on that question.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, I'm not going to get into the details of that on this call. One, a lot of this has been speculation in the press in terms of other bidders. And so I'd rather not get into the details of, one, our view on the situation, nor speculate on what's happening with some of these other supposed bidders.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, I think – and this is Steve. I think it's a little bit of, kind of all of the above, so to speak. But one of the things that we need to understand is that this conversion – and it is a conversion as opposed to new capacity. This conversion to 3D NAND is difficult. It's difficult for all of us. We believe that we're executing in a very solid and sound fashion and demonstrated by the fact that we now achieve cost crossover with our 1Z platform. But this is tough stuff, and so it maybe is taking a little bit longer from a conversion standpoint and from a yield perspective than what people estimated. And so therefore, the bit growth rate is a little bit lower than all of us expected, and demand continues to be strong, driving a tight environment.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So, I think, as we've discussed before, we are actually qualifying our own NAND into products as they are developing and they enter the market. We remain quite happy with our relationship with Intel, and if you think about it that way, it's actually incremental bits that we are providing to the market, so it's a net accretive or positive thing. So at this point, we are going to continue on through a generation or two, more products with our relationship with Intel, and we'll really up our participation of our own NAND in the enterprise through development and launch of new products within our portfolio.
Stephen D. Milligan: I'm not going to speculate on that, Mark. I mean, we don't know where Seagate is and what progress they're making. I can tell you that our focus is on executing on our plans. And so in that regard, we will not be striving for parity.
Stephen D. Milligan: We haven't really provided that information. I mean, shingle's been a little bit more limited in terms of the applications because of some of the performance implications of that and that sort of thing. But we feel comfortable with where we're at in terms of SMR transition and the applicability and the drives that we're providing to our customers.
Stephen D. Milligan: We have consent provisions, is what we have regarding any transferred assets and JV provisions, as I've mentioned earlier.
Stephen D. Milligan: And that's for the – no, that's for the full calendar year, which means that by the time you get to the back half, the lion's share of our output in terms of 3-D is going to be 64 layer.
Stephen D. Milligan: We're already transitioning out of 48 into 64. 48 layer was more of a learning platform for us, if you want to call it that, as opposed to something that we intended to extensively productize and ship. It was really for our learnings.
Stephen D. Milligan: So I want to thank everybody for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you going forward. Have a great rest of the afternoon.
Michael D. Cordano: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Our March quarter results reflect continued strong demand for our products and focused operational execution. Industry-wide demand for NAND flash remained very strong. And the industry-wide hard drive demand was stable, together contributing to the favorable environment for our overall business. Demand was healthy across all of our end markets and this helped mitigate typical seasonality. We made further progress in our ongoing conversion to the 3D NAND technology, and our helium hard drives achieved new milestones as well. In client devices, we saw strength for embedded products and for hard drives and surveillance applications, while traditional commute demand was softer as expected. Demand for our solid-state drives for client applications increased sequentially, reflecting expansion of attach rates of SSDs to PCs and the ongoing adoption of our client SSDs, enabling us to expand our market presence. We commenced shipments of our 64-layer, 3D NAND in client SSD form factor, and we expect to further expand the usage of this industry-leading technology across our product portfolio during the remainder of calendar 2017. In the mobile embedded category, we further deepened our OEM customer engagement through increased acceptance of our eMMC solutions, including our three-bit per-cell x3 offerings. Our design win pipeline expanded within the traditional mobile categories as well as in emerging growth areas such as auto, connected home and the Internet of Things. Turning to client solutions, our comprehensive portfolio of flash and HDD products performed strongly and it significantly mitigated typical seasonal revenue decline. The strong appeal of our WD, SanDisk and G-Technology brand continues, demonstrated by ongoing consumer preference for our products on a global basis. In data center devices and solutions, we saw sustained strength for enterprise class SSDs and a growing requirement from hyperscale customers for our 10-terabyte helium capacity hard drive. We completed several additional key qualifications for the 10-terabyte drive with these customers during the March quarter. Yesterday, we announced that we have begun customer shipments of our 12-terabyte drive, our fourth-generation helium product, underscoring our generational lead in this category. I'm pleased to note that we have now shipped approximately 15 million helium hard drives cumulatively since the platform's launch four years ago. From a memory, technology and operations perspective, we are ahead of our previously communicated expectations. First, we have already achieved cost crossover for our 64-layer 3D NAND versus our 15-nanometer X3 node. Second, we now plan to produce more than 75% of our total 3D NAND bit output based on the 64-layer architecture in calendar 2017. These achievements are particularly noteworthy, indicating that our joint venture remains focused on executing our technology, manufacturing and operational strategies. Looking forward, our estimates for NAND industry bit growth rates for calendar 2017 are at the low end of our long-term industry outlook of 35% to 45%, and for calendar 2018 somewhat higher than in 2017. When combined with the secular growth drivers for NAND flash, we believe that the NAND industry's supply-demand environment will likely remain favorable through at least the first half of calendar 2018. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark for the financial overview.
Michael D. Cordano: This is Mike. Let me give you comments on both. First on ASP, as you know, most of our bits are sold in products, not in the open market or at the component level, so we have realized pricing gains but – and we expect that favorable trend to continue through the back half of the year. But I would not peg us directly to the spot market price because of the way we go to market. Secondly, I think I noted the low end of the range, obviously the low end of the range being around 35%. I think we're – we remain comfortable that the industry will be in that neighborhood.
Michael D. Cordano: Sort of hard to be specific. I think what we – sort of the new news from us on this call that we've been talking about through the end of the calendar year, now our visibility would tell us, we think it's going to remain in a constrained environment sort of through the first half of 2018. How that evolves ultimately, hard to tell, Rich.
Michael D. Cordano: Yes, I think there's two areas, and then Mark will have some details. So one is, is we continue to progress forward into the 10- and 12-terabyte in capacity enterprise. That's obviously helpful to our hard drive margins. The other thing is, which was also referenced, we are not through the transformation and restructuring and integration, which will help us optimize our cost basis. So both of those things are ongoing and continue through this year and into next year.
Michael D. Cordano: And that vertical integration that you're talking about really is – was not contemplated in that initial $500 million of total synergies for the 18-month window. The lion's share of that will be reflected in the 2020 target of $1.1 billion of synergies.
Michael D. Cordano: Well, we talked about our mix in the back half. It would be 75% of our 3D-bit output will be 64 layer exiting the calendar year.
Mark P. Long: Well, I think right now we're seeing a combination of stable HDD market and a strong flash market, so it's that combination that's resulting in the 40% gross margin.
Mark P. Long: Exactly. And I do think on a go-forward basis over the long-term, we do have more opportunities to enhance the efficiency of our cost structure, both through our transformation that is ongoing as we said and through the deployment of our new technology as they ramp. So I think we feel very good about the gross margin performance and the long term, as we said, earnings power of this platform.
Mark P. Long: Sure. I think the most important thing to keep in mind from an OpEx standpoint is we have these two factors. One is we have the higher incentive base comp that flows through when we significantly exceed our expectations. So that's one part of it, but the second, and the more important part, is we are making ongoing investments that will enable future growth, as we see the opportunity to accelerate a number of our R&D projects. So we're doing that. As I also said, we're making continued investments in other areas of IT systems to make sure that we have the right platform for this sustainable growth.
Mark P. Long: Well, I think two dimensions. One is there's the normal seasonality, some of the lower capacity segments in the market were running at a lower rate in the period just closed. So you get the mix up effect that happens there. But the other one that's maybe more important and secular is, as we transition to 10 terabyte and 12 terabyte in capacity enterprise and as that segment takes on a disproportionately important role for us, that will continue to drive capacity per unit up. And as I commented earlier, we expect that to continue through the balance of this year and beyond.
Mark P. Long: Sure. Rich, it was actually simpler than that. We had inventory build that was a function of a buffer for our ongoing transformation. And then we did have some inventory builds based on anticipated demand. So it was...
Mark P. Long: Oh, no. I was just going to say a key part of the model is that given the diversified product portfolio, we have a number of operating levers that we can use to manage and optimize good environments and manage volatility in more challenging environments. So we feel very good about how that platform is evolving.
