Steve Milligan: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me today are Mike Cordano, President and Chief Operating officer; and Mark Long, Chief Financial Officer. After my opening remarks, Mike will provide a summary of recent business highlights, and Mark will cover the fiscal first quarter and wrap up with our guidance. We will then take your questions. We demonstrated the power of our platform with record non-GAAP financial results in the December quarter. I am very pleased that we achieved a year-over-year revenue growth in each of our end market categories. We reported revenue of $5.3 billion, non-GAAP gross margin of 43% and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.95. We once again generated strong operating cash flow reflecting continued healthy demand in our end markets most notably for capacity enterprise hard drives and flash-based products. Entering the new calendar year, there are several noteworthy trends as we pursue our long-term value creation strategy. The global economic environment is healthy; the GDP growth rates in the U.S., China and the EU are positive, portending significant IT spending. Data has been created at a record pace worldwide and the value of data is increasing too driven by advancements in mobility, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things. The unabated growth in data is creating a global need for a larger and more capable storage infrastructure. The level of CapEx spending by cloud service providers to accommodate this growth is robust. As Michael addressed in more detail, the healthy pace of data center build out has resulted in a recent reacceleration of demand for a high capacity enterprise hard drives. Against this backdrop, we are well positioned with our powerful platform to enable our broad customer base to capture, preserve, access and transform an ever increasing diversity of data. The flash market is normalizing in a constructed manner as a diversified value-added storage solution provider with a wide breadth of serve markets; we will continue to demonstrate resilience of our model by delivering compelling financial results. I am very pleased with our progress in technology and product development. The deployment of our 64-layer 3D NAND technology continued across our product portfolio and we will be ramping our 96-layers technology later this calendar year. We continue to lead the industry with our high capacity helium platform and we remained on plan to sample our MAMR-based capacity enterprise hard drives in the second half of calendar 2018. It was gratifying at the end of the calendar year with a resolution of our negotiations with our JV partner Toshiba to extend and strengthen our relationship and ensure our long-term access to flash and I am happy to report that our JV operations continue to perform very well. I am very proud of our team driving and focus on execution and the results they have delivered. With that, I will ask Mike to share the business highlights.
Steve Milligan: Yes so, Mehdi, I would say that there has essentially been no fundamental change to our long-term strategy since we had our Analyst Day and growth rates from an industry perspective, from our perspective remained consistent. We constantly think about, how the market is evolving and changes and relook at our strategy, but I would say that right now there is no real fundamental change. One other thing that we are contemplating is, does it make sense to have in Investor Day coming up here in the fall. We haven’t made a formal decision on that, but we will certainly from an internal perspective be refreshing our view on everything and providing appropriate updates to our investor base. But as a general statement, there has been no fundamental or big change to either our strategy or the fundamentals as we saw them at our Investor Day.
Steve Milligan: Well, I am not quite sure what numbers you are referring to. So I think we should probably take that offline and maybe dive into it a little bit. But fundamentally I think that, we’re pleased. As Mike indicated, I’ll comment on two things. One, if you want to call being a slight negative in that universe of expectation that we had capacity enterprise, last year grew a little bit less than what we had anticipated, that’s a short-term statement. We talked about the reacceleration that was seemed here in the first half and through calendar 2018. So I would say that our data center and devices business kind of grow a little bit less than what we would expect longer term. On the positive side, Client Solutions which is a market segment that we had expected to kind of modestly decline over a period of time actually saw extraordinary growth, really speaking to the strength of our market position, the strength of our products or brands, et cetera. So, there is always going to be puts and takes within the particular segment. But on balance I have to say that I am very pleased with the way that the last 12 years, there was no Toshiba overhang from an execution perspective, and as I said, I am extremely proud of what our people have accomplished both from an operating and from a financial perspective.
Steve Milligan: Yes, let me take the enterprise SSD question first. So I think as we’ve stated our product portfolio is sort of execution and expansion would happen in 2018 largely and then also towards the mid to second half of ’18. So we are continuing to hold serve if you will, but we have more to do at the product level that we expect will become more meaningful, as the year progresses for the mid part of the year summer and beyond.
Steve Milligan: Right, and as I indicated in my guidance for the calendar a year, as a result that’s what gives us confidence that we will operate above our total gross margin model of 33% to 38% for the entire year.
Steve Milligan: Good question. So, the rest for payroll tax is something on the order of $15 million or $17 million. And as a result, you can think about a -- I think what we talked about in terms of an $830 million kind of baselines quarterly run rate that we expect to decline and we have the number of activities ongoing to enhance efficiencies, so that that will decline on a quarterly basis throughout the year.
Steve Milligan: Well, I'll answer the question this way. We have been saying and anticipating that the industry is going to grow at that high end of that 35% to 45% range for a while. And so, it really is more of a longer term statement as opposed to something that has changed over the last three to six months because of macroeconomic environment or something like that. And so, it takes a while that we think long-term plan and so we have seen the investment levels be pretty consistent with the growth levels. The one thing that we have seen recently that is an interesting dynamic is some companies that one are in the DRAM market as well as the NAND market, and then have the flexibility to convert 2D NAND to DRAM, they appeared to be doing that more so. So relative to that 35% to 45% or at that high end, there appears to be a little bit more of a downside by to that as opposed to about that it would exceed that. So we are beginning to see that kind of come down a bit, which is obviously good from a NAND perspective, right.
Steve Milligan: Yes. So, I think we are seeing strong demand domestically as well as certainly in China that would be the one would stick out to us. Yes, I think and if you look at the capacity point is that general statement, the domestic relative to us here in the U.S., they send to take a highest cap drives. In China, they don't always necessarily take the highest cap drives that then speaks to this area where we had a bit of hole in our product portfolio in terms of 4 to 8 terabyte in air products, which we recently introduced in the air of cost competitive product that will help to better address that portion of the market at least vis-à-vis our product portfolio.
Steve Milligan: Yes, the only thing we’ve said around that is, our expectation would be that the ASP declines would be largely offset by our cost declines and that gives you an idea.
Steve Milligan: Well, I think if you look at it that part of what we’re saying is that, yes, it will be different than past cycles, in a positive way, and we try to talk to it and explain it as best to our ability, but it’s a bigger market. So the incremental impact of capacity additions, I think that you are seeing also to some degree that’s conversion from 2D NAND and the DRAM and that’s moderating and I think you are just seeing a more rational set of behaviors economically focus that is resulting and still from volatility but not the same level of volatility that has been seen in the past.
Steve Milligan: Yes. So I think the thing to think about is it’s a more diverse market now. So we're -- certainly, we have been focusing our strategy at the highest capacity drive, which remains a robust part of the market. We are now seeing demand across our range of capacities, so from a unit volume perspective, that helps, right. The way to think about leverage through our model though is ultimately about our component utilization. So, when you think about it most for CapEx on the drive side is tied up in heads and media manufacturing, and whether we can figure those as 12 or 14 terabytes or 8, the combination of those to get to the expected exabyte growth rate remains fairly common. So you are modeling just on contemplate different unit volume scenario than just as sort of historical view to the high cast.
Steve Milligan: In other words the penetration of SSD in notebook based configurations will accelerate, right, which we are agnostic to positive.
Steve Milligan: Sure. Yes, so I think the recent acquisition of Tegile was a positive step forward across all markets, but particular to your question on China because the adoption of object storage in China is lagging slightly so the ability to have a file front end and be able to lead with the product is more mature in the market then pages to our participation in the China market. So I think from an overall portfolio standpoint, we are encouraged by the addition of the product that came to the Tegile acquisition. We continue to make steady progress although we don’t talk specifically about the growth rate and size of that. It is growing sequentially and we’re making good progress and I think we’re happy with the results, particularly in the last couple of quarters as we’ve added the addition of these file all flash or ray products to our portfolio.
Steve Milligan: All right, so I want to thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you going forward. Have a great rest of day.
Mark Long: Yes, with respect to our debt-to-EBITDA, in terms of the way our EBITDA is calculated under our debt instruments, we are now below two times debt-to-EBITDA. So we’re in a very good position, we have achieved a level that gives us strong flexibility in terms of what we want to do from a capital allocation standpoint and we will be evaluating our top priorities and kind of executing accordingly overtime.
Mark Long: Well, as you can see, our guidance for the quarter for the total gross margin is 42% to 43%. So, we’re looking at very small changes in gross margin and I think it's -- we are seeing as Mike pointed out, some normalization in the flash market, but it's mostly offset from an ASP decline standpoint by the cost declines and as a result our gross margins are healthy.
Mark Long: Yes, so what we’re seeing, I think in December where we talked about was being in a position where we would maintain total gross margins above the long-term range that we’ve talked about, and that’s certainly the case with respect to the trajectory of flash gross margins. I think the latest commentary I think you heard from Mike suggests that -- again while we may have some declines in gross margin -- remember some of declines in our total gross margin are also going to be a function of the seasonally weaker first half of the calendar year. And then in terms of the visibility in to the back half, as Mike pointed out, the gross margin trajectory will be a function of on the flash side how much this tightness in the market materializes. So, at this point, we continue to feel that it is a constructive market and as Mike pointed out there is this potential for tightening which would certainly have a positive effect on gross margin.
Mark Long: And the maturity of the end market so the secular trends for demand remained strong and I think as Mike highlighted some normalization of the NAND market is actually very healthy because it will open new markets and it will increase demand in those mature markets to the extent of price sense. So we feel that calendar 2018 is a very constructive period and as Steve was highlighting, there were dynamics both on the supply side and on the demand side that you can just go and apply the patterns from previous cycles and think you are going to really get the right outcome for this period.
Mark Long: So, we do expect overall ASPs to benefit from a mix standpoint on the HDD side and we as a result, you know we know we have the -- we’ll have some volume declines from a seasonal standpoint and parts of the business. We do -- we see relatively stable gross margins.
Mark Long: That’s an easy question, I'll take it. The answer is none. So when we did SanDisk acquisition, we talked about is vertical integration opportunity and we actually decided especially when the markets went into a constrained position that extending out our relationship with Intel who gave us access to more bits and that has worked well for us and we’ve got some product introductions are going well with Intel. So from a business standpoint, not having our own NAND in all of our enterprise SSD we having some but not all that actually yielding a better long-term economic outcome than that we replaced all the Intel products immediately.
Mark Long: Right, and the good news is as I indicated, we do still have the 20-20 target for the SanDisk transaction that will include significant benefits from vertical integration, so intersecting with our own product line that has our own name by that time period.
Mike Cordano: Yes, so we’ve talked about in this new 3D regime, the sort of way to think about annualized cost reduction is approximately 20% per year. I think in our previous call, we talked about our view of the environment is such that ASP declines, if you're seeing some up are largely offset by cost declines. We see that happening in the current period and we expect that to happen going forward.
Mike Cordano: Right, the other thing I'll comment on as we look at the demand side of equation sort of expected capacity upgrades as we progress through the year, and how they translate through the demand cycle for NAND, we think that those numbers, not only are we in sort of a constructive period. As we see the year, we have the possibility of getting into a more constrained environment in the second half of the year.
Mike Cordano: I think we’ve already indicated our priorities. I mean and I don’t want to go through what was already read, but first thing as we invest back in our business, optimize our capital structure, deleverage and repurchases on that list, and it will be contemplated with the a broader set of capital allocation considerations, as we look to drive longer term value creation.
Mike Cordano: Yes, let me be very clear, we have ceased development on 10 and 15-K RPM hard drives. So, our products in the market are the last of our products, and we will obviously manage them through a long tail, but we don’t intend to introduce new products.
Mike Cordano: Yes, so there is only one real area that, that has had an effect and its really in mobile. So 2.5 inch drives and then we would say it had a modest positive effect on the size of the HDD markets and then looking at rearview mirror. So, our penetration rate if you will flash to HBD is running behind our original expectations. What we see happening this year is more normalizing of that trend.
Mike Cordano: Right and I'll just add to that certainly that it’s a testament to the way that relationship is going, the quality of those products in the marketplace and what we think we can do it from also allowing us to focus our product R&D on other thing. So, there is a number of benefits in this choice that's advantaging us through calendar 2018.
Mike Cordano: Yes, we would expect as we exit calendar 2018 on the high cap range, it will be majority of our mix, but I did mention 12 and 14 together. And -- but I did mention what we do expect is this more diverse market as we pursue continued growth. So we will see a continued and steady mix up at the highest end of our portfolio but given different used cases and workloads, both technologically but also geographically we do think we’ll see a longer tail of shipments at the lower capacities, as we referenced in this announcement of these mid range product that we announced for a week or so ago.
Mike Cordano: Well, so two things. One is continued yield and productivity on the existing ramps that is on throughput which is ongoing on that’s a big statement and then of course as we move to the new node in the second half of the year that gives us additional opportunity.
