Stephen D. Milligan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. After my opening remarks, Wolfgang Nickl will provide additional commentary on our June quarter results and outlook for the September quarter. I am pleased with our performance in the June quarter. Our financial results were strong, including significant free cash flow generation, reflecting outstanding execution by our HGST and WD subsidiaries. Industry demand in the June quarter was in line with our expectations, and we expect volume in the September quarter to be up modestly. Our production levels will be adjusted to prevailing demand conditions. Our growing participation in the storage market continues to highlight our broad-based role in the important and secular trend of digital data growth. We anticipate that the demand for exabytes of storage will grow by at least 34% per year through 2020, with exabytes shipped rising from 600 in 2012 to 5,900 in 2020. With advancements in storage, processing power, software and big data analytics, storage requirements are increasing significantly. There are thousands of new applications that are emerging based on new capabilities. An excellent example is the capability of one website that is processing 200 billion flight reservations to advise it's users when to optimally buy airline tickets. It is clear from applications like these that storage and the utilization of vast amounts of data are enabling breakthrough innovations, providing tangible support to underpin these data growth forecasts. Our goal is to innovate and differentiate our solutions to help our customers create value in this dynamic environment. Customers continue to respond favorably to the breadth of storage solutions we are providing. The Western Digital platform is unique, powerful and market-driven, underpinned by increasingly collaborative customer relationships, leveraging our rich engineering heritage and resources. For our fiscal year ended June, approximately 50% of our revenue was derived from applications in markets that are powering the public and personal cloud. While we are encouraged by recent innovations in the PC space, with less than half of our revenue as we exited fiscal 2013, the storage industry is experiencing dramatic change and we are participating in the high-growth markets of the future, investing in innovation and strategic acquisitions. In the last year, we have led the industry with the introduction of several new advanced solutions including our 7-disk helium sealed drives for cloud storage, our low-profile 5- and 7-millimeter solid-state hybrid drives and hard drives for ultra portable devices and new hard drive and mass solutions for small and medium businesses. All of these products have been well received by our customers. At our Investor Day last September, we indicated that we had established a strong position in enterprise solid-state storage with our family of SaaS-based SSD solutions. We also indicated that we were evaluating an expansion into other areas of this market. We concluded that solid-state storage will play an increasingly strategic role through continued innovation and differentiation. As a result, we recently made several important investments to strengthen and expand our enterprise SSD capabilities, including our proposed acquisition of sTec, an early pioneer in enterprise-class SSDs, the acquisition of VeloBit, a provider of high-performance storage I/O optimization software, and our investment in Skyera, a provider of very high-performance storage arrays. The sTec and VeloBit acquisitions will augment our existing technology position and IP portfolio in one of the industry's fastest growing markets. In summary, we are pleased with our performance and position in today's changing storage industry, and we are continuing to take steps that will enhance our ability to become one of the world's leading technology companies. I will now turn the call over to Wolfgang.
Stephen D. Milligan: Rich, that's an interesting question. This is Steve. I mean, obviously, we'd like to think that the revenue gets big enough that we can break it out. I think we'll have to wait and see how it works out. We've been encouraged, in that we are limited, because we're still going through the regulatory review process and we're 2 separate companies, but we've been encouraged by the customer reaction that we've gotten regarding our proposed acquisition and we're comfortable that we think we're going -- that, that's going to be a sound investment for us and we're looking forward to working through the regulatory approval process in closing that transaction. So I hope that I can tell you after we get through a bit that we're big enough to be able to disclose and separate that out.
Stephen D. Milligan: So in terms of our business, we, for the first half of the year, have not been impacted by -- we're not shipping a hybrid drive in terms of the first half of the year. It's really for us, more of a back half of calendar 2013, and in particular, 2014, as we see customers begin to adapt that sort of a solution. And now, customers are, as you referenced, dual-drive configurations are meaningful. And we're kind of agnostic, frankly, whether it's a dual-drive configuration or a hybrid configuration. And so, because both of them, ultimately, use a hard drive or spinning disks. Now in terms of the gross margin comment, I'm going to deflect that question in the sense that we don't typically talk about gross margin by product, whether or not it's accretive or non-accretive. And so I'm going to not answer that question.
Stephen D. Milligan: Oh, yes, yes, yes. So those are 100% attach rates and part of the demand increase that we're -- or TAM increase, I guess, I should say, that we're expecting in calendar Q3 is reflective of that, the gaming build that will take place for the Christmas season. And so we're happy that it's going to be a 100% attach rate. And we will, as a company, we've been a relatively big participant on the gaming business. I mean, there's only 2 guys, right, Microsoft and Sony. And we will continue to participate in that business to the extent that it makes economic sense.
Stephen D. Milligan: I wouldn't imply that. I mean, we've been a strong participant in that market, if we're going back for a while. And so I wouldn't imply that we think that there'll be share gains solely as a consequence of that, right? We have to see how everything plays out.
Stephen D. Milligan: One of the things that we're going to have to do, Keith, and this is -- it's going to be interesting to see. I mean, obviously, the news on the PC front has not been that rosy, right, in terms of what some of the other guys in the supply chain have talked about. And so now, what we're beginning to see is some building of product, sort of filling the pipe for back-to-school and for the holiday season, particularly, back-to-school, really, at this point. I mean, we're beginning to see increased sort of demand levels as a consequence of that. The key thing that we're going to have to see is, how does that product sell-through, right? Does that actually translate to either a flattening in terms of the declines that we've seen on the PC side or maybe a little bit of growth? And so what we're doing is taking a pretty cautious approach to that. And so -- but I certainly, it's kind of -- it's sort of a different question than what Rich asked about splitting out SSD, I'd certainly like to be able to report increasing or accelerating PC sales, but I don't think that we're at the point where we can say that yet. You have the sell-through happens.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't know if I can comment on that both because, I mean, we have not had a specific strategy to increase our share in those markets, which is kind of interesting. And so, sometimes we look at the share numbers after the fact and -- because it's not a goal of ours to say, "Hey, let's go and increase our market presence in that particular market." And so, I have a neat answer for you, other than, and it may sound a little bit self-serving, we are -- both WD and HGST have done a great job from an execution standpoint. And that's allowed us to increase our position in those marketplaces.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't want to call that. Obviously, we want to make sure that our good execution continues. And if it happens to result in profitable gains from a market share perspective and the right kind of financial performance, we're happy to do that.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, I'll answer it this way. I mean, if you look at our financial performance, I mean, obviously, we want to do everything that we can to continue to improve our profitability. I think if you look at our gross margin performance, we're solidly within our gross margin range, which kind of implies that the actions that we've taken sort of seem to be appropriate from a rightsizing perspective. And that's, obviously, based upon, let's just use round numbers, say a TAM of kind of that 135-ish kind of range, 135 million a quarter. The thing that we have to watch closely and we're certainly not predicting it, but this is, do we have something further? If that were to change, and decrease, then we'd have to look at doing something else. But I think that we're comfortable where we're at, generally speaking, from a capacity perspective, given that kind of a TAM level.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So we -- we're currently sampling these products with selected customers right now, or that product with selected customers. And we continue to expect that we will have units shipped and revenue realized before the end of the calendar year. The first generation product will not be a particularly significant volume product to start out with, as customers test it out and that sort of thing. So I would doubt whether or not that will meaningfully move the needle in terms of any market share in the capacity enterprise, at least initially. And then we'll have to see how the adoption goes from there.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So Sherri, just to clarify one thing. We did not acquire Skyera, we made an equity investment on Skyera back. And that -- and that's more of reflective of our interest to stay close to the technology changes and advancements that are going on in that space, as opposed to us getting into, per se, the storage or the SSD array kind of business. So that's one clarification. The VeloBit acquisition which, from a financial perspective, was not particularly significant, is really to provide software capability in terms of input/output optimization, caching kind of capability, that sort of thing, to improve our existing -- or any future offerings that we have in the enterprise SSD space. So it really is an effort to make our products more compelling than they otherwise would be.
Stephen D. Milligan: Kate, I don't know if there's any specific area, per se. I think I commented on earlier in terms of -- it wasn't so much that we had a deliberate strategy to increase our market share in that particular segment, but both of our subs, just really, frankly, did a very nice job working with our customers in such a way that we were actually able to kind of keep our situations sort of flat when the market was down a little bit, and we were able to gain a little bit of share.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, okay. That's kind of a two-pronged question. The traditional PCs, I mean, we -- our customers continue to be very cautious with regards to what they're seeing from a PC demand perspective, whether that be desktop or notebooks. And particularly, notebooks, right, is where the real cautiousness is. Desktop has tended to be a little bit more stable over time. When you start moving into the enterprise space, I mean, it depends upon who you're talking to and, obviously, we don't care to talk about specific customers, but with what we're seeing from a digital data growth perspective, demand in that space, overall, continues to increase. And that's reflective in the unit increases that we're seeing in terms of our enterprise business.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So traditionally, you hit the nail on the head, the traditional enterprise business, we do not view as a growth business. It's fairly stable in terms of its demand, which is great, which is fine. But the growth areas in terms of enterprise are in the capacity enterprise market, and then also we believe in enterprise class solid-state drives.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't know, Mark, honestly. I haven't gone and studied what Nidec disclosed. But it's -- it's obviously not -- it's got to be inventory-related. I mean, because it must be a replenishment thing, but that's speculation on my part.
Stephen D. Milligan: I don't have any direct perspective on that, Mark. But I think that one of the things that we've got to keep in mind is that, I mean, flash or NAND is shipped into a lot of different applications. And those applications have different reliability or different characteristics. So I don't know if Micron is alluding to those being able ship into kind of client applications, which maybe have a different profile associated with them, it's one of the things that we've recognized and is part of the value add that we provide, as a hard drive company, is making sure that products that are provided meet the right criteria for enterprise kind of applications. So Micron, along with some of the other NAND guys that is accompanying that, we are working with and want to continue to work with, in terms of what it is to utilize their technology to the advancement of our customers.
Stephen D. Milligan: I think that the opportunity in the marketplace is big and I don't -- I think that there's plenty of opportunity for all of us.
Stephen D. Milligan: I want to thank you again for joining us. In closing, I also want to thank all Western Digital employees for their dedication and outstanding performance, and our customers and suppliers for their support. We look forward to being in touch with you. Thank you.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, Aaron. If you look to our investors summary, total operating expenses worth $590 million. That included $8 million of other charges. There were $10 million or $11 million of amortization of intangibles in there, and there was another $7 million of restructuring charges. If you deduct all of that, you're at $565 million, which compares to our guidance of $550 million, and the entire difference was due to incentive accruals that we took based on the performance of the teams. So we pretty much came out exactly like we anticipated and the real operational difference are intended for growth. As it relates to the go-forward spending, we've been very successful to keep it around that $550 million, and we'll be prudent going forward. We have said in the FAQ document that we issued alongside with the announcement of the sTec acquisition that, that will increase the OpEx for the time being. So we continue to be prudent and -- but we'll not forgo investment opportunities. And then of course, we will have to work longer-term on amortization, which will then give us a catalyst of to get into our 10% to 12% business model.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I mean, we're very pleased with our free cash flow, $2.2 billion and each quarter above $525 million. That is a sign of a pretty stable, well-managed business. We intend to keep it that way. We stand to our capital allocation strategy, 50% of free cash flow, like we announced last year in September at the Investor Day, and we have no change as to that, today.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: I'll start you off, Steven, and then Steve will probably comment on top of that. Branded, really no surprise, it's seasonally a soft quarter, particularly Europe is always very soft at this time of the year. Very pleased with the mix. You're seeing sell-in data that we're reporting. We're very pleased with the inventory levels in the market there. I'm very confident that, that market is seasonally picking up in the next 2 quarters. So really nothing that we wouldn't have expected there. Ongoing move there to NAS Boxes away from direct attached, but really nothing extraordinary to report on. The enterprise market last quarter was a little bit stronger than we expected and particularly on the capacity enterprise space. And that's really playing out as we predicted it as well. Performance enterprise is stable, but not up. Capacity enterprise, up. And like we said before, that segment of the market that we think for the next 5, 6, 7 years, has the strongest growth. And we said before that we wouldn't be surprised if that would be double digit.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Nehal, there's no change in payment behavior of our customers. We had really good linearity in the quarter, as you can see from our free cash flow. The uptick in DSO is purely a function of channel mix. If you look at the channel split, our OEM business went from 60% to 66%, and our Distribution business and Branded business went down. So no significant change. Seasonally, expect that -- and doesn't have any impact on visibility on the September quarter.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: So as it relates to Q4, gross margin, we're very pleased to beat the guidance by 60 basis points. And that was really a function of several things, capacity utilization, but also of business mix, more enterprise business, and then lower like-for-like price declines. As we go into the September quarter, the flat margin is more or less a function of the business mix. We have plans for modest price declines and, as every quarter, we're trying to optimize the results as we go through the quarter.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: We're making steady progress. Last quarter, I told you that we're around 50%, and that we would probably take another year or so to completely transition it. We'll do that when it economically makes sense, and we're making steady progress on that front.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Like Steve said, I mean, we're not really going into a quarter with particular share targets. We're trying to execute well and then put linearity in good products. But that's mostly a mix factor. In particular, the gaming business is a lower ASP business and that just plays into that equation.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, I mean, we will be in our business model from 5% to 7%, and we will heavily be focused on technology deployment and upgrades to new aerial densities and supply flexibility, et cetera. Then we just need to decide as we get into the second half of the fiscal year what the predictions are for the end of calendar '14, and that will determine where we end at the end of the day. But you should assume that we'll be extremely prudent and as just in time as possible with deployment of capital.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: What we have said before is that our share in all the areas of the market that we serve is comparable. And the performance enterprise market is pretty stable, just shy of 8 million units compared to the last quarter.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: I'll take that question. Overall, our inventory was pretty stable for the last 3 quarters, and there's always a bit of a shift between the raw and FGI. But we have made a conscious decision to invest in FGI in 2 areas. Number one, we're making more use of boat shipments in areas where we understand the demand very well, and that contributes to our cost savings. And the second one is, we want to make sure that our just-in-time warehouses have sufficient inventory at quarter-end to make sure that there is a smooth operation guaranteed at our customers' level. Overall, we believe that we all the time have opportunity in the inventory space, but probably more in the raw and whip [ph] area that in the FGI area. So we're pretty pleased with the executions, very stable, but future opportunity is likely.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, you're right that the mix is a bit of a headwind but then it's likely a little bit of a higher volume. That's a tailwind and then we'll continue to work on our costs and all the other elements. But you got it, the mix is the headwind and we're offsetting it with cost and good execution.
