David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me just wrap up, and then we'll open up for questions. In summary, we continue to believe that we have built the right foundation for long-term growth. We have reignited our innovation, established discipline in spending and investment and remain consistent in deleveraging our balance sheet. The innovation engine that drives TCO benefits and value to our customers, the multiple channels to deliver our products to market and the large and growing storage markets put us in a great position to capitalize on the opportunity presented by the proliferation of intelligent devices and rapidly accelerating data creation. While segments of our end markets are now going through an aggressive inventory adjustment as supply chain impacts of the pandemic start to ease and the macro economy softens, secular demand for storage continues to be strong and underpins the digital transformation that continues across all industries. I also want to thank our employees for their hard work during the fiscal year. Despite ongoing geopolitical and macro challenges, our team worked together to deliver strong financial performance for Western Digital. I am proud of what this team has accomplished and excited to see what we can do together in the next fiscal year. All right. Peter, with that, let's open it up for Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Hi C.J., good morning. Yes, I would say, you’ve pretty much got it right. The one thing I would add to that on the Cloud side is, we are seeing some inventory digestion in China cloud. The US hyperscalers continue to chug along. But especially in the PC OEMs is where we saw it first, a very sharp inventory correction really in the current quarter, taking down their demand significantly to reset their inventory for what is the reality for the number of unit sales. So right now, we think that is a relatively short period of time. Is it one quarter, two quarter, we'll see that as we go through the quarter, but it's definitely very, very sharp in the quarter we're in. And then in the smartphone market, we're seeing it as well. As a matter of fact, it's even developing within the quarter. Just a couple of weeks ago, we had one of our biggest customers take down their forecast in the quarter by over $150 million. So -- and it's all like the message, very strong message we're getting directly from our customers, this is just resetting inventory. So that one, we expect to be a one-quarter phenomena. I think in a larger market, we'll see over the next couple of quarters. I will say that in the consumer and channel space, given our broad reach and where we operate around the world in the consumer business, we are starting to see some stabilization of those markets. Our channel business, if you look at sell-through for the first 4 weeks of the quarter, has been on plan. And even some regions like Europe, we're starting to see some strength. And I would say consumer is pretty much in the same place, starting to stabilize, not great growth yet, but that part of the market looks better than it did, let's say, two months ago. And it's really the OEMs that are really in a rapid and significant correction of inventory as well as, as I said, some of the cloud business in China.
David Goeckeler: Yeah. I think the way to think about it, as I said earlier, it's kind of a demand driven situation where we're just seeing are biggest customer, and really not all of our customers across the PC space, just resetting inventory and really dropping their demand in the quarter, so they can reset their inventory. So that leads to pricing pressure and volume pressure, so it's both of them. And so as we work through the quarter and they get their inventory to where they need it to, then I think we'll see some of the volume come back as we work through this. From some of our customers, I have more confidence that this is a one-quarter change. But other ones, I think it may take a little longer than that. So we'll see -- we'll have more information as we work through the quarter and we'll be talking about that through the quarter in the appropriate forums. As I said before, I will point out, I mean, this is a very dynamic market. I mean this is -- some of this has happened in the quarter. So it's very difficult to bound this, but we think we're very -- we're confident in the guide, don't get me wrong. But I'm happy we guided when we did because the -- it's a very, very dynamic environment out there. But I think our customers are aggressively managing their inventory. And my sense is they'll get through it in a pretty expeditious fashion. Like I said in the prepared remarks, we've got kind of the supply chain is loosening up. We're getting more components. I think our customers are getting more components. Maybe that's giving them more confidence in how they manage their own inventory. And at the same time, we're going into a softer economy. So everybody is in a big reset and it's especially impacting the Flash business, to your point. The HDD business still get consistent strong growth out of the hyperscalers in the US, and feel very, very good about the portfolio position there and what we're going to drive throughout the fiscal year.
David Goeckeler: So Aaron, we feel really good about the BiCS6 transition and what that's going to bring. And I think you'll see in the upcoming quarters, the costs will get back to where we expect it to be. We explicitly drive our road map around this number. We explicitly drive the nodal transition and the road map development around making sure we can deliver the 15% year-over-year and we are very pleased that we just delivered it again in the last fiscal year.
David Goeckeler: Yeah. I'll make a few comments. I'll let Wissam make a few comments. And we don't guide to that level of specificity, but they're both roughly down about the same.
David Goeckeler: Yes, a couple of things. One is the message we get from them -- obviously, we have a very, very close relationship and talk on a daily basis. And so the message we get in planning for the second half continues to be a strong and consistent message. We've got a great portfolio around 22 and 26 and SMR. I think one of the big highlights of last quarter on the HDD side is we got a second hyperscaler that fully qualified SMR. And with our position with UltraSMR getting 20% more out of a drive puts us in a great position for that transition. So it continues to be a very, very consistent message from them about how they plan to consume the product in the second half and going into next year. And like I said, from the portfolio point of view, we've got lots of new qualifications underway on 22 terabytes CMR, 26 terabyte SMR. And as we go through the fiscal year, you'll see all of those products start to ramp and be adopted at volume.
David Goeckeler: No. I mean, the shift is happening now. I mean, we just delivered a quarter of 105% sequential growth on our enterprise SSD portfolio. Now that's a particularly strong result. But we're very confident that as we work through the next couple of years, we're going to drive our share of enterprise SSD from the 8% to 16%. We've got a very good plan for that. It's a great market to participate in. Like I said, we broke through with the qualifications and the success has been strong. Now it will be lumpy, not every quarter is going to be up. But the trajectory over the three-year time span is we have a lot of confidence, we're going to drive that to the 16% share in FY 2025.
David Goeckeler: Well, I mean, for -- in the PC market, we think the market is -- there was consensus earlier in the year of maybe 325 million units. We think that's going to land more around 305 million units. So, that gives you a sense of the correction that's happening aggressively right now. And we saw -- I think we talked about smartphone demand being down single-digits, mid-single-digits on a unit percentage. So I think, Wamsi, we're just going through this very sharp step-down right now where everybody resets their inventory, especially as they have -- I personally think, as they have more confidence, that the inventory -- the supply chain is loosening up. It's not completely loosened up, there's still tight areas. But in general, we're able to get more upsides on products that -- components that even a couple of quarters ago were very tight. So, I think everybody is kind of resetting for that world and they're resetting going into a softer consumer environment. So, I think that gives you a little bit to bracket how we're thinking about it.
David Goeckeler: Yes, I mean I think that we've done a tremendous amount of work on the portfolio in the last couple of years, and I think that's is going to show up. And the way we think about through-cycle margin, we talked a lot about this at the -- our Investor Day, we're managing for through-cycle margin. We want to drive the higher lows and higher highs. And we think we're set up well to do that given the qualifications across enterprise SSD. Our very strong position in gaming, that's been a great market for us and a growth area just over the last year and a half. So, yes, I think it's -- I think we go into this situation with a lot better portfolio and a lot better diversity, a lot more places to put our supply, and we think that's going to lead to a better result.
David Goeckeler: Thanks Toshiya. So, let me just add a little context and, Wissam, give a little more detail on CapEx and how we're thinking about this. So, as we talked about that the client HDD market has been interesting over the last couple of years. We went into the pandemic and we saw a big surge in demand for client hard drives. Just in general, we saw a big surge in demand for PCs. That has turned around dramatically. And what we're seeing right now is that business is down over 50% year-over-year. So we're seeing – it's returning to pre-pandemic trajectory, and even going down faster than that now as far as the transition to flash happens. That's a good transition for us, because we have such a great portfolio in client SSD. So we've been playing that transition for years. But it really calls for us to reset our – how much client HDD capacity we have in the system, and that's what we're aggressively undertaking right now.
David Goeckeler: So Toshiya, just a few more comments on this so we fully paint the picture. So you're really starting to see this, what we talked about at our Analyst Day. In heads and media, we still have to invest. I mean there's – we need – these big drives have a lot of heads in them, so we're still investing in heads. Media, we transition to capacity enterprise. But we just have the manufacturing ability to produce millions and millions of client drives that we don't need anymore. So that's the part we're resetting, and to get that cost out of the system.
David Goeckeler: So on HDD, I think -- I think the gap in gross margin is now 100 basis points. But first of all, I feel good about the quarter we had on gross margin. We expected -- we expected -- well, let's put it this way. We're able to get the gross margins up in HDD a little faster than we thought. When we talked about last quarter, we thought they would start going up sequentially going into the second half, and we were able to pull some of that back into calendar Q2, our fiscal Q4. That was due to a number of things. One is pricing continues to be pretty benign to even up a little bit, which is something we've been -- I think the industry has been striving for, again, given all the innovation we're bringing to market. And then we were able to work some on the cost side as well. Us versus our competitors, remember, everybody has a different mix. And they -- there are some markets, especially the performance enterprise markets that Western Digital exited a number of years ago, and that's a declining but margin-rich part of the HDD market that we don't participate in. But in general, from a margin perspective, on HDD, I get back to innovation, the portfolio, the 22-terabyte drive, the 26-terabyte UltraSMR drives, those are in a unique position in the industry. And we have a plan as we move through FY 2023. Those will become bigger and bigger and, in fact, the predominant part of the portfolio and what we're shipping as we move through the year. So I think that sets us up in a very strong position to have a really good TCO conversation with our customers as we continue to drive innovation. Second part of your question was in Flash. Again, this is a very dynamic market. Things have changed even in the last week and half to two weeks. So I think that we're at a different point of when we're forecasting and we are rolling in everything we have heard from our customers. As I said, we have customers that have very, very significant amounts of demand that are changing within the quarter. So we put a guide around that. Obviously, we'll work to make that better, but that's the reality of where the business is today.
David Goeckeler: I think it's just our deep relationship with them and the conversation we have. We also have multi-quarter agreements with a lot of these customers, which gives us more visibility into what their plans are. We're, obviously, in deep conversations with them about our next generation products, which is very exciting. We're able to bring a market-leading capacity points to them across CMR and SMR. So, again, 22-terabyte CMR is a unique product in the industry. And then we have 26-terabyte SMR, which is, again, a unique product in the industry. Nobody else can go to those capacity points. And so, we feel very good about where the portfolio is. Those are being adopted and qualified across our customer base. I think the strength of where we're at in the TCO equation we bring to our customers, as well as the visibility that we see and given the relationship gives us confidence as we move through the second half of the year.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate you spending time with us here early on a Friday morning. Thanks for all the great questions, and we'll look forward to talking to you throughout the quarter.
Wissam Jabre: Yeah. If I can add, C.J. The -- we're targeting our cash CapEx per our target model, which is 8% to 10% of revenue. But, of course, as the macro conditions develop, if we need to adjust to that, we will manage dynamically.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, that's correct, David. And one of the things to keep in mind, Aaron, is we did have the fab contamination in the third fiscal quarter. And so this is why -- this is partly why we haven't seen necessarily the same cadence of cost reduction in the last couple of quarters of the fiscal 2022.
Wissam Jabre: Well, given that this is mostly demand driven, we expect inventory to be -- to grow a bit this quarter as the supply is higher than the -- where the demand is. However, as we said in the prepared remarks, we are in discussions with our JV partners to take appropriate action if -- to the extent we can to limit that.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So on that, Toshiya, on the restructuring, we're basically, as David said, we're taking – we're reducing our manufacturing footprint on the client side. And the expectation is this should benefit us from a couple of areas, a little bit on the CapEx side, but also in terms of the cost of goods sold. And so if there's any underutilization that was associated with that or would have been associated with that part of the manufacturing capacity, it's being basically managed out. And so that should help us be able to – as we sort of said, in terms of the gross margin transition for the HDD business from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, we're expecting it to be more or less flat. And so based on that, we should probably see even further improvements in the following quarters.
Wissam Jabre: And on CapEx, we typically don't break out the CapEx between HDD and Flash. But as I said, we do plan to stay within our target model of the 8% to 10% of revenue. And if you recall at Investor Day, I did say that the – we typically – we would like to get to a point where for the HDD business we target 4% to 6%, maybe higher than this, in the near term simply because we are investing in the capacity enterprise side of the – of the manufacturing of the house. The one thing though to keep in mind is, we are keeping a close eye to the supply-demand situation, and we do not plan to be investing or building overcapacity short term to be able to maintain that supply-demand balance.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. I mean we don't forecast the out quarters. We don't see losses. The one – the couple of points I would add to that, David, is we obviously are – with this down cycle, we're starting from a much, much stronger financial position. We've done a lot over the last couple of years to strengthen our financial position. We also launched a very exciting set of products last quarter. So, we have really a very strong portfolio. We have good additions to the leadership team. And so, we're in a much better position to manage through this.
