John F. Coyne: Sure. I think in terms of mobile 2.5-inch drives for the PC industry, I think we're in reasonable balance. The difference from traditional situation is that the inventory instead of being in HDD industry, JIT hubs is in the OEM's own inventory, the PC manufacturers and the ODMs. So as of today, I believe the majority of that business is being done on a direct ship from factory basis so that, that inventory shifted from HDD-owned to customer-owned. And we think that, that business is in reasonable balance relative to supply and demand and traditional inventory levels. The desktop, we think is a little short, and we'll, from an OEM perspective, we'll take through this quarter to approach a balanced situation. Likewise, in -- on the enterprise side, we think performance enterprise is reasonably balanced, capacity enterprise demand continues to exceed supply. And then when we move into the distribution channels, we're looking at inventory levels in the distribution channels that are substantially below those that were the norm pre-flood, about half the level that was typically carried pre-flood and when we look in the retail channels, a similar situation, inventories are still somewhat light. So I think we're going to see...
John F. Coyne: Well, I think we're looking at a difficult to predict situation in that. This quarter, our estimate of the TAM supposes a 10% quarter-over-quarter growth. If we look seasonally on a traditional basis, we would have expected a flat to down demand relative to last quarter. We think that's a pent-up issue that creates that both back towards normal. We're still, I think, about 4% on a year-over-year, the 160 number for the June quarter would be compared with 166 a year ago. So there's still a little bit of catch up to do to get -- then we expect in the back of the year, we'll see typical quarter-over-quarter progression that tends to be in the 10% range. And that will translate into very substantially year-over-year increases obviously because of the flood impact in October.
John F. Coyne: Yes, Rich. The comment relates to our ability to satisfy customers with the drive-level product through both our subsidiaries. And we believe we'll be in a good position this quarter to turn our focus from building raw capacity to turning our focus to matching mix requirements within the overall capacity required by our customers in the current quarter. As I think, both I and Wolfgang noted in our prepared remarks, we still have a significant installed capacity under absorption issue from a cost perspective in the WD sub. And we are currently sourcing above the typical WD external/internal head sourcing rule, our business model that we have set for the long-term. However, as we look forward, we forecast continuing TAM growth each quarter through the balance of the year. And then sustained growth in the industry as we move forward from there. So looked at in a medium to long-term perspective, we're very excited by the opportunities, and we see substantial opportunity for us to continue to improve performance as those cost drags on the business are eliminated by growth as we move forward.
John F. Coyne: Well, I think, I mean, you kind of characterized; that, that might not have been a desirable action. I believe it is a highly desirable action to provide assurance of security or supply to customers and to be competitive in addressing market opportunity, thereby, increasing business with certain customers and securing that business into the future. So while the prices are lower in the June quarter than they were in the March quarter based on the total package offered to those customers, business is highly desirable and significantly accretive to the overall well-being of the business. So we're explaining the dynamics of the current market not indicating any kind of problem.
John F. Coyne: But you could -- you should also assume that as we move through the balance of the year, we will return and both business is likely to operate at market mix.
John F. Coyne: I think it's realistic for the current quarter in that we have to complete our negotiations. Also, I think Wolfgang mentioned, we are continuing to invest in emerging opportunities for hard drives and beyond hard drives. So we're continuing to actually to increase spending in certain areas of the business from an OpEx perspective.
John F. Coyne: Right, so this is John. And my comments on the inventory versus demand, I think we'll be able to meet the true market demand. I don't think we'll do much in the way of rebuilding inventories or recreating the traditional model of where those inventories are and the timing between cutting an order and delivering the product to where it's meant to be. We're using air freight almost exclusively today. The velocity through the distribution channel is very high, and I think as the momentum builds in distribution and the volumes get back to pre-flood levels and as momentum builds back in retail, back to -- towards to pre-flood levels, I think that's the first order of business is to fuel that growth and support it. And then the second order of business, which comes later in the year or possibly early next year, is to see the inventory and distribution models revert to a more normal level of inventory and velocity of that inventory.
John F. Coyne: I think there's 2 elements. As always, there's 2 fundamental elements to margin. One is ASPs and the other is unit costs. And the ASPs are going to be what the market dictates they be. And on the cost side, we currently have some cost matters to our business that are a result of the floods. Some those are industry-wide and are being reflected on through into an overall step up in ASPs. But some of those are company-specific, and the company-specific ones will be addressed by a combination of addressing a growing TAM, and if we do that and execute against the opportunity, as well as we have in prior years, we should expect that we will grow with the TAM or ahead of the TAM. And that will address some of the under absorptions we have. We'll also help with the ratio of external heads to internal heads and then improve the utilization of our head component business, and consequently, improve our cost structure there. So we -- there's substantial opportunity there. Also, as a result of the floods, we, in order to focus on supporting our customer's immediate requirements and utilizing our assets and our supply base as effectively as possible, we delayed some deployment of our newer technology products, which, as we move up in our deployment of the newer technologies, as a proportion of our total shipments, again, we expect to see a substantial impact on our cost profile in that. So I'm very encouraged by when you look at the guidance and you look at our relative competitive position on margin, and then you'll see that we have substantial opportunity to improve our cost structure as we move forward for the balance of the year. I think you see that our comments in the supplementary information on March 8, where we indicated that a profile of the business, on a post-acquisition basis, being very close in terms of participation in different market segments, being very close to that of our largest competitor, that we expected that the metrics driving the business will be equally close. And so it will take us a few quarters to get there, but I'm highly confident that we have what it takes. And I think we've got a track record to demonstrate that our confidence is not misplaced.
John F. Coyne: Well, we believe we've got a tremendously strong enterprise portfolio between the 2 subsidiaries. We believe we have a marketplace that is ripe with opportunity, and we're going to pursue it vigorously.
John F. Coyne: I mean, I think it's fair to take in terms of capacity to assume that from a invested capital perspective, you're correct in the 58 and 30 facilitization that was in place pre-flood. You're also correct in looking at divestiture to Toshiba. Now over many, many years, I think we have demonstrated that the installed capacity is -- I mean, it's relevant in terms of the depreciation numbers. It's not relevant in terms of how we utilized that capacity. We plan capacity utilization based on our read of market requirement. And whether that is as of we are at the current moment, planning in this quarter to run less than the installed capital base would allow in order to match the demand that we perceive to be available to us profitably. We've also demonstrated in history a very good capability to scale our business upward as demand appears and to do that in a very timely manner and a very efficient manner from a dollar per incremental output perspective. So I do anticipate we'll have some drag of overall invested capital, and hence, depreciation over the next several quarters as the TAM rebuilds and as we earn our share of that TAM. And I think as we look at the longer term for the overall business, we will, in calendar '13 and beyond, be looking at deploying those previously demonstrated skills of adding judicious capacity to meet opportunity in a timely manner.
John F. Coyne: The market share is about earning customers' business, and we think we're pretty good at that. We're going to try very, very hard to be good at that and continue to be good at that. And I expect that, that will be reflected in the position at the end of June quarter, which will be the first quarter of execution with both subsidiaries under Western Digital ownership. And I think that will give a baseline starting point from which excellence and execution from a technology deployment, product portfolio, service levels and value, will then drive forward from there.
John F. Coyne: No. I think we have indicated previously and I'll reiterate that expectation that the costs incurred by the industry, both to recover the lost capacity relative to the flood and to de-risk the business for our customers in terms of the moving the supply chain around to create a much less concentrated profile, those things have cost attached to them, and I believe that it will be affected through to the customers. So we expect that pricing in the drive industry will continue to be elevated relative to pre-flood levels. We, nevertheless -- that elevation of pricing notwithstanding, we believe that our drives still represent best value in the technology supply chain for the industries we support. And that, that value needs to be reflected in the business model of the hard drive company like ours and to return to our investors for developing and deploying technology at this level.
John F. Coyne: No. I don't think it's cloud storage. I think it's -- when you think about the retail channel, where the price of the product on the retail shelf is dominated by the cost of the hard drive within that package. Consequently, the increases in hard drive pricing immediately post-flood, there were 2 impacts on the retail channel. One, was availability. The second was that the price increases on drives were immediately reflected in the full level of the increase to the consumer. If you look at all our other markets for hard drives, the hard drives incorporated in a larger system, where the hard drive is maybe 10%, 15%, at most 20% of the system value billing material. And consequently, the price increases in those markets had less chilling effect on purchasing behavior. So I think there's a 2-part element. The third element that affected the retail channel was that absent a clear visibility into supply, the retailers were reluctant to place ads and give prominence to the category because they were not sure that they could fulfill the demand that they would create by doing those promotional activities. So you take those 3 elements -- have contributed together. We believe the demand for personal ownership, availability, security of content and the value proposition of owning a terabyte of your own secure accessible data for less than $100 compared with renting that same capacity at 10x or 20x that cost over a reasonable expectation of lifetime of that data in the cloud, we believe the personal content ownership, both from a safety and security and keeping other people's eyes off it, as well as the value proposition, offer a compelling value. And so we believe we're going to see the retail market rebound as the constraints I outlined go away. And in fact, we see the way that the cloud enables mobility and the way that it enables people to easily generate content on mobile devices and consume content on mobile devices, all plays into a significant increase in demand for personally -- personal storage for personal content and home-based personnel network-attached storage or personal cloud storage, and we're addressing both of those markets. Now just to hedge our bets, of course, we're very strong players in the cloud market. In fact, the entire cloud would not exist, were if not for the backbone technology of performance and capacity enterprise product. So either way, we win.
John F. Coyne: Well, I can't talk to Seagate's margins, but what I can tell you is we have substantial opportunity on the cost side of our business to enhance our margins, and we will compete in the marketplace to provide value to our customers on a consistent and continuing basis. And now we believe that's what we've done profitably for 10 years, and hopefully, we'll continue to do it profitably for at least another 10 and beyond. So thank you, all for joining us today. As I hope you can tell, we're very excited about the growth opportunities in the data storage industry and about the new WD's ability to participate in this market as a leader in the years ahead. I look forward to updating you on our progress.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. The average capacity last quarter was indeed down in all the WD business, lowest single-digit percentage. And we expect that mix to pick up this quarter for the WD sub. The HGST sub mix is a little bit impacted that -- since the June quarter was a quarter where the gaming business picked up and there's a more substantial volume of gaming units and that impacts the mix there.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Good observation, Aaron. It's the old model. We haven't officially updated our model. We expect to do so in our September Investor Day. We've given some directional color in the supplemental information that we've provided right when the acquisition closed in -- on March 8, I believe. And from that directional guidance, you can imply that we believe that the gross margin is slightly higher than the June 19 to 24 that we said a year ago. And we also highlighted that the OpEx might be a little bit higher and well, you have to wait for the outcome of the operating plan, operations plan that we're concluding with MOFCOM to specify that. And again, the go-forward model will be communicated at the Investor Day on September 13.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. Well, so the -- on your first question, we're not planning in the future to split out the 2 businesses. We're going to split out what the SEC requires. In terms of the $550 million in OpEx, like we said, we've submitted the operations plan to MOFCOM. We're working on certain synergy proposals that are compliant with this plan and what we're going to report what these synergies are when we have finalized the plan with China's MOFCOM.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: And on your revenue question on the $4.2 billion to $4.4 billion, I mean, I highlighted a few elements regarding to WD's situation now being more recovered from the flood and having pricing reflective of current market conditions. John and I both commented on the multi-quarter agreements that Hitachi has put in place. We also talked about the mix in -- on the HGST side that were reflected by gaming, and all that you need to take into consideration that some volume goes away with the Toshiba divestiture that we are planning for the end of May for this guidance assumption. And overall, like we said before, overall, we're operating below market mix. Like John said, we think that we'll make this up over the next couple of quarters. But those are some of the assumptions that went into the revenue guidance.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: That was not any big numbers there. We supported some supplies very, very early on with early payments, but it was a very immaterial.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. We didn't imply any percentage increase. We didn't give the volume number. I think we explained what the assumptions are for the ASP that goes into our guidance.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. Let me first comment on the free cash flow for the last quarter, which was kind of untypical and highly related to the timing of the acquisition. The way be how you should be thinking about free cash flow, and you're right, this company has the potential to create a lot of cash. If you just take this quarter, for instance, at the midpoint of our guidance and 269 million shares, if you apply the gross margin and deduct the OpEx and then take the $350 million CapEx -- or $357 million CapEx, total amortization and depreciation excluding the intangibles that we just added somewhere to $280 million range. If you assume a constant working capital, no investments in working capital, that gives you a free cash flow around $600 million or so. So you're right, that's very substantial. We're actively looking at the cash utilization strategy. And I pointed out that's one of the topics that we're going to cover in September, and we'll update you then.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes. If you to -- in the FTC's website, there was actually a pretty good description of the divestiture. And from the number of lines that are being mentioned, you can conclude that it's anywhere in the 5 million to 6 million per quarter capability. And that's probably the best number for you to use that the assets that we're divesting can output in the quarter.
