David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Let me wrap up, and then we'll open up for questions. I'm pleased with the team's performance in developing a diversified portfolio of industry-leading products across a broad range of end markets. As industry supply and demand dynamics continue to improve, we will remain disciplined around our capital spending and focused on driving innovation and efficiency across our business. Coupled with the structural changes we have made to our businesses, we are confident in our ability to drive greater through-cycle profitability and dampen business cycles. As we move forward, we remain uniquely positioned to capitalize on the promising growth prospects that lie ahead, solidifying our leadership position in the industry, particularly as AI continues to drive new storage solution opportunities and growth. Okay. Peter, let's start the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Hi, C.J., thanks for the question. Yes, we're -- the HDD business, we're really happy with where the portfolio is at. I think that's where it starts, bringing great products to market that deliver the highest capacity points and the best TCO for our customers and when we're able to do that, we can share in more of that TCO advantage we're bringing to market. I think that's been the strategy for quite some time, and we're really happy with where the portfolio is and it's really resonating with customers. But the other side of that is making sure we really control the cost side of it, so we're really focused on making sure we bring the lowest cost product as well and that leads to the margin expansion. And then we -- of course, we've got a returning demand environment as we get the cyclical recovery in HDD spending coming off of the lows that we all really understand. Going forward, we talked about a little bit in the prepared remarks. We expect to continue to bring great products to market. We expect to continue to drive better TCO for our customers and we're in an environment now where we have supply/demand balance and we've -- significant restructuring of our business during the downturn. We've taken capacity -- we've set our capacity of what we think the market needs as we emerge into this demand environment. We do see better supply/demand alignment. We see tightness in the market, that's leading to what you would expect as customers giving us more visibility into what their ordering looks like going forward. So we're optimistic about being able to continue to drive profitability of this business higher.
David Goeckeler: Calendar '24, look, we see -- yes, we still see demand in the mid to -- call it, the mid- to high teens for the market. We see supply like about 8% of bits in production. So we still see an undersupplied market. For us, we had bits down this quarter, we forecast them down double digits. We were right about that, maybe a little bit more flat going into next quarter as we kind of optimize our supply throughout the year where we can think we can get the best profitability.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So what I would say about the AI demand as it's coming into focus. I don't think it's so much in the results just yet, but we're seeing where it's going to impact both businesses. And clearly, one of them you just outlined, which is we're seeing enterprise SSD demand return, we saw some increase in the last quarter. We expect some increase in this quarter. But really, as we look to the second half, we have customers coming to us wanting the kind of SSDs we built and qualified before the downturn. They just want them in much bigger capacity points, 30 and 60 terabyte capacity points. So it's the same product just taking it and increasing capacity and going through a qualification on that so we're in that process with customers. We also introduced a new SSD that's more compute focused, which is PCIe Gen 5 product based on BiCS 6, very high performance that plays a little bit different role in the AI training stack and we're getting very good feedback on that product. It's being qualified by our starting qualification, we samples. We're kind of getting rid of the qualification of the hyperscaler and we're seeing good demand in the enterprise market as well. So we feel like the portfolio set up well as we go into the second half, and we're seeing a lot of demand show up for people that are very building large amount of infrastructure for model training.
David Goeckeler: Yes. That's how we're thinking about it. This is a -- I've talked about this quite a bit and this is an industry that I think has been oversupplied with this client-to-cloud transition, it's been going on for 15 years. I think the downturn was in time when we saw a significant change in demand to say the least that we just decided to remove capacity to get supply and demand better balance. So as we -- we're just emerging into that market, Aaron. I mean I think as we start to see this market play out and dynamics get to the kind of business model and get more visibility into what the future is. We can have confidence in making investments if that's what we need to do to expand capacity I think as all of that comes into focus, and it's starting to happen. We're starting to see that. We're getting more visibility. We're getting to participate more in the TCO advantages that we're bringing to the market. We're seeing better dynamics and as that continues -- and we get more confidence, we're not there yet, then we would think about how do we bring more capacity into the market? But we're just at the -- we're kind of getting to the starting line is, I guess, what I would say.
David Goeckeler: Yes, you got -- I mean it's the -- what we're seeing now is when the market is coming back we're seeing those customers now come back up to a very long digestion period. And this is something we've been waiting for quite some time. Like every market from consumer to PC to near line on the HDD side has gone through this big digestion phase. And I think enterprise SSD was the one we were waiting to see when we're going to come out of that. And that's what we're starting to see. So we're seeing a couple of dynamics in that market. We're seeing those enterprise SSDs that we had qualified, the very same products now we're getting orders for as that digestion phase ends and they get -- they start to ramp ordering back. And then we're seeing the kind of AI impact on different capacity points, different use for model training we're starting to see that demand come in the market. So we're seeing both of those things happen. We think the portfolio is well positioned for those markets. We expect that to play out through the rest of the year and we're excited about it.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We're seeing -- I mean, big picture we're seeing a return in demand. Obviously, I think it was the largest sequential exabyte growth we've seen in a very long time. I hesitate to say ever because this is -- business has been around a very long time. But to go back as far as we could look, it was the biggest sequential increase we had seen. And it's -- as I said earlier that starts with having products that really resonate with our customers. We really believe very strongly in the technology road map we've built around ePMR and UltraSMR and is resonating very strongly with customers. Nearly 50% of exabytes shipped this quarter was SMR and we're set up well for what we talked about last time where we expect over half of our exabytes in FY '25 to be SMR-based. So like we said, coming into the fiscal year that we expected sequential growth throughout the fiscal year last quarter we extended that to the calendar year and we still see that. So we still see sequential exabyte growth going forward throughout this calendar year.
David Goeckeler: Well, we haven't really set a bogey for that. We want to look at the holistic marketing. Again, that -- I understand this question everybody is looking for when we would reinvest, but that's really not what we're even thinking about right now. We're thinking about getting a market that's balanced on supply and demand, delivering great products to our customers that can meet the needs of the growth of the cloud. And I think that to your point, I think the business is emerging what we planned for and a lot of hard work that went in over the last couple of years which is to come back in a much healthier position with the ability to drive greater profitability. So we're just getting back to the bottom of the range that we set a couple of years ago. It's not as if we're declaring victory in that at all to your point, like I said, I feel like we're just getting back to the starting line of where we need to drive the business to, but we feel very good about to be able to drive increased profitability in it. Look, it starts with delivering great products to your customers like we have to continue to bring better TCO. And I think we have got a tremendous architecture to do that while controlling our cost to build the product. We have to work stay focused on both sides of this equation. We got to have the lowest cost and then the best TCO that allows us to drive pricing which drives margin expansion. So we're working across that whole equation. And I think the strategy is working quite well. And that's why we saw -- when we saw some -- we saw the demand return, we saw the margins pop up. But to your point, we believe we can -- we're just getting started on this.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Thanks, Karl. So haven't really said where BiCS 8 is going to go. That's in our future. That's one thing we feel really good about is the technology is there and we'll bring it to market when we see it's the right time to do that when we got the right profitability, the right supply-demand characteristics to invest in prioritizing that node, the technology is in great shape. But we haven't really outlined exactly which products are going to go there first or second or third. So that's still in our future. As far as your point on QLC, this is -- we're now starting to transition to BiCS 6. And so we talked about a couple -- a number of products here that are BiCS 6 based which first the client SSD, you didn't -- I'll talk about enterprise SSD as well, but we our client SSD has been extremely well received. The performance of it is outstanding. We have our own internal controller team. They've done an amazing job of building a really, really high-performance QLC client SSD. We expect that to lead the market and lead that transition in that part of the market and then we're bringing BiCS 6 into our enterprise SSDs as well. So that will be lever we have to drive BiCS 6 which gives us more capacity, better performance and so we feel good about that transition is now starting and the products are starting to show up. They're in customers' hands, and they've been very, very well received.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So on the first question, the business with our customers is planned pretty far in advance. So there wouldn't be a situation where something would happen intra-quarter and that would drive a big share shift. The reality is we've got great products, and they're very much resonating with our customers and we can deliver them at scale. And they have bring best-in-class TCO and clearly customers are adopting those at a significant rate. So -- like is it sustainable? We continue to bring great products to market. That's what we plan to do. We're very confident in our road map on HDD and we'll continue to bring the best TCO solutions to our customers. On bit growth, we do expect flat bit growth into the calendar Q2, but we'll see a pickup in bit growth in the second half of the year.
David Goeckeler: Okay. Thanks, Harlan, your questions are very related. So we saw a pickup in enterprise SSD in the March quarter. It's still -- quite honestly, it's still relatively small numbers, but it's growing quite well. So we wouldn't have supplied those bits if it wasn't the right thing to do from a portfolio strategy point of view. We'll see when we get to the second half, what pricing looks like, that versus other options we have, and then we'll decide how much supply we put into those products. And you're really getting into core of our portfolio strategy, which is to have a lot of optionality. We have a lot of optionality across client SSD, across gaming, now across enterprise SSD, across mobile, across consumer, obviously, which is a big business for us. And then based on what we see going into the quarter. And then very importantly, what happens during the quarter, how do we allocate our supply to get the best return? And clearly, we're in an environment right now where things got better throughout the quarter. So as we go through the quarter, we find more opportunity to mix and get more profitability, and that's what happened in the March quarter, and you saw the results of having that agility into the business. So I really don't want to call a share number or anything like that because it tends to distort, what we want to do is maximize profitability, not maximize share in any particular market. We want to maximize where we get the most return for our supply.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So what I'll say about yields is we're very confident in the technology. I mean, we feel very, very good about it. It's a major advancement in the architecture OptiNAND from an industry perspective to the CBA architecture. And it's -- the development has gone well. We feel very good about it. We can productize it when we need it. Again, this gets into a larger conversation about the dynamics of the market and when is the supply needed, and we're going to be very, very disciplined about going through any transition or putting any CapEx to the market until we see the profitability that we want to get. So we feel very good about BiCS 8. There was a second part of the question.
David Goeckeler: Yes, the performance of the HD business is driven by the product, right? It's pretty straightforward. Products are -- they're great products. This architecture that we built on ePMR, OptiNAND, UltraSMR, customers are really committed to SMR. They deliver the best TCO in the market. We can produce them at scale and that's what leads to the performance.
David Goeckeler: We do not see any cannibalization clearly, HDD plays a big role in the AI storage life cycle as well as the whole ingest phase because all of the big data lakes and all of the raw data sets, those are all going to be stored on HDD. It's just the economics of where you store that data and how do you access that data. It's all that part of the AI pipeline, if you will, is going to be HDD. Now you have all of these other new use cases around training and inference, and those are all going to be SSDs. So it's really about growth as opposed to substitution. And that's what's so exciting about this. And obviously, once you get the models trained, then the models are going to turn out more data, which is going to be stored on HDD. So you got this virtuous cycle going. So it's kind of literally rising tide lifts all boats. It's not a substitution game. Clearly, there's a lot of new use cases being developed around AI, like the whole training infrastructures that are being built, that's what's driving these very high-capacity storage-based enterprise SSDs that we're seeing demand for. So hopefully, that helps.
David Goeckeler: You're right. BiCS 6 is when we say stub node, it's we're not going to take the whole portfolio to BiCS 6. So we have a big portfolio, and we're choosing which products to take the BiCS 6. And clearly, we're taking the products that require QLC and the kind of things you're talking about. So we feel good about our node a plan in the fab being able to supply what we need in these markets.
David Goeckeler: So we've been working on HAMR for quite some time. We understand HAMR extremely well. We understand all the issues with HAMR, and what it takes to get it qualified. Clearly, we're doing that all behind the scenes because we have a product portfolio with the best TCO we can offer in the market today, and we can do that all the way up to 40 terabytes. And 40 terabytes is where the economics flip over and you get the 4 terabyte per platter or 40 per unit, where essentially the capacity increase will cancel out the increase in costs you have to put in the unit to get the economics to work on margin, right? That's kind of a complicated -- a lot to say in 1 sentence. But our portfolio is very focused on the right product with the right cost at the right time. The right time for HAMR is at 40 terabytes. And we've got a lot of development going on that product. We have for a long time. We, quite frankly, don't need to do it in public because we have another portfolio that's selling extremely well, which we've talked about throughout this process. But have a lot of confidence in our HAMR development. And quite frankly, our customers know exactly what we're doing, and where we're at and what our plans are, and they're comfortable with that as well.
David Goeckeler: We're not -- we're still in the 20% to 25% camp, maybe around 25%. That's -- we're clearly in a cyclical recovery here, getting back to that kind of through-cycle number. I think the kind of the question inside your question is how much does AI add on to that. And I think it's still a little early to tell. We definitely see -- as I talked about earlier, we see the value of data going up, you want to store more data to train more models. Those models are going to turn out more data. So we think that the bias is higher. I'm not in a position yet to call exactly how much it changes the slope of that line. So that's something we're going to stay very focused on as we go forward here over the next several quarters, stay close to our customers as these models get deployed and AI gets more broadly deployed and adopted so that we can dial in what we expect that impact to be on HDD storage demand. But we feel good that it's -- and we've got that secular tailwind to the business that will emerge.
David Goeckeler: I think that's a fair way to say it. I think it's coming into focus as to where it's going to show up on both sides of the business, but it's -- to your point, we're not ready to call what it does to the TAM, besides, we believe, it's a tailwind to both TAMs. So clearly, on the NAND business, there's very specific use cases on model training that are coming up substantially. I mean, obviously, you're seeing that across the whole technology landscape. And maybe that's a little bit easier to see we're actually seeing demand for those kind of products in the second half. And for HDD, we see it as all the data that's going to feed that process is going to sit on HDDs. And obviously, once those models get trained, they're going to turn out data that's 85% plus of that is going to be stored on HDD. So we see a very, very good setup, but we're staying close to our customers in these markets. It's still a little bit early to actually put a number on it of what it does to the growth rate or the TAM size.
David Goeckeler: You mean U.S. manufacturing of the NAND itself or the SSD, which -- well, our NAND is manufactured in Japan. So we don't see that as -- we feel really good about our manufacturing footprint, by the way. So the JV, we haven't talked at all on this call about the JV, but that puts us in a great position from a scale perspective and gives us -- is the big underlying part of that low-cost lowest-cost bids, low capital efficiency and great product road map because we -- all of that is done in tandem with Kioxia, and so we're able to invest as the largest supplier in the market, which is a great position to be in. But we haven't -- the way our footprint is set up for a manufacturing point of view, we haven't seen anything that impairs us ability to serve the entire market. And as far as partnership with hyperscalers, like, look, we stay very close to the hyperscalers. Obviously, they're big customers of ours. We're big suppliers of theirs on both sides of the business. So we're very, very close to them and staying close to what are different use cases, how do they want the products built especially in the enterprise SSD market, every -- there's not just one enterprise SSD. Everybody uses slightly different interfaces and there's different ways, their architecture of their data centers are built. So we stay close to them to make sure we build the right product for what we're -- what the markets we want to serve.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate all of the questions, and we look forward to talking to everybody throughout the quarter. Thanks again.
Wissam Jabre: Hey Joe, thanks for the question. Look, our guide comprehends a balanced view of what we have in terms of information today with the outlook; yes, we see improvement in margins in both of the businesses. So on the flash side, we still anticipate improvement in pricing that will help gross margin move a bit higher from here. And on the HDD side, as David mentioned, we continue to focus on the obviously, the great technology that we deliver, but also the cost discipline and pricing of the products. So, all of these are comprehended in our guide.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, maybe I'll take that, Harlan. Yes. On the cost down, we're still anticipating the mid-teens percentage year-on-year cost downs. So there's no change there.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Sure, Tom. So let me first start by saying that the way we think of OpEx is we don't see OpEx increasing faster than revenue. So we're still very focused on that cost discipline and OpEx discipline. When it comes to this quarter, we're expecting some increase. The increase is almost 50-50 driven by variable comp as the financial outlook has improved much faster than anticipated. So there's a bit of increase there. But also, as you mentioned, there's some project-specific R&D investments that also -- that we have sort of a direct correlation and line of sight to revenue. I would say for the next couple of quarters, the range that we've guided for Q4 is a reasonable range. I know it's too early to talk about fiscal year '25. But for modelling purposes, we can use the same type of numbers for now.
Wissam Jabre: So for this most recent -- for Q3, we had a little bit -- and we disclosed, we talked about those. But as you can see, the numbers are becoming less and less significant. And so for the June quarter, there's still a little bit, but it's not really very significant for us to talk about on this call.
Wissam Jabre: So that's a very complicated question. I mean we can go into it in detail offline. We obviously do tons of work, and I appreciate your question that it's a multifaceted issue. It's die size, it's memory hole density, it's all kinds of very complicated thing goes into producing a NAND product. Look, we think the product compares extremely favorable. We think it leads the market. Again, for the last -- looking back many years, we have been able to produce bits at one third less CapEx than the industry average, and we expect BiCS 8 to continue that leadership in the market. So we feel very, very good about the product, about its performance. Again, when you build, this is like kind of one of the magic of wafer bonding. You can build the CMOS separately from the NAND stack and then the CMOS is kind of pristine. So the interfaces are really, really fast. So there's lots of good things about that architecture that leads to a really, really market-leading product, and we feel good about it. And we've got that all ready to go when the market the market conditions will support that level of investment.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Then let me first start with -- I'll take a stab at the answer, Mehdi. So look, our target model hasn't changed. We're still targeting through cycle for the flush business to be 35%, gross margin to be between 35% to 37%. And so that means, obviously, as -- from where we are today, we still have some ways to go to get to that through cycle margin. And the way we achieve these gross margins is what we've been talking about on this call. We focus on the product portfolio, the bit placement as well as on the cost side, which we still anticipate a similar type of ranges in terms of cost downs.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, let me take that. So on the cash flow, yes, thanks. Obviously, we returned to free cash flow positive in Q3. And as the revenue and the business continues to recover, we're completely focused on profitability and cash flow generation. So we should expect that to improve from here.
