David Goeckeler: Thanks Bob. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about our business outlook in calendar year 2022 as our customers continue to indicate strong end demand across cloud, client and consumer end markets. Despite the transitory issues we discussed earlier, it is clearer than ever that we have the right foundation for long-term growth and the right technology portfolio in place to ensure that we are successful in scaling our business. Over the last couple of years, we have made significant changes necessary to improve our focus, sharpen execution and set strategic goals to place Western Digital in a position of greater strength. And I’m excited that we are starting to see the fruits of those changes. Before I finish today, I’d like to take a moment to comment on the CFO transition we announced earlier this afternoon. As you may have seen, we announced that Wissam Jabre will be joining Western Digital as Chief Financial Officer effective the week of February 7. Wissam was most recently Chief Financial Officer at Dialog Semiconductor. In addition to his deep financial and semiconductor expertise, Wissam also has technical expertise, and importantly, shares Western Digital’s values of collaboration and innovation. You can read more about his background in the press release issued today. I’d like to extend my sincere thanks on behalf of the entire Board and management team to Bob for his dedication and hard work at the service of Western Digital. During my tenure as CEO, I’ve greatly benefited from his friendship and expertise. He’s been an essential part of our leadership team, guiding key aspects of our strategy. Among many other contributions, Bob drove a capital allocation strategy that has led to significant repayment of our debt, marked this quarter by Western Digital’s second investment-grade corporate rating. Bob’s insight was also instrumental in helping us navigate COVID uncertainty and execute other strategic changes at the company to position us for growth and value creation. Next quarter, you’ll have an opportunity to hear from Wissam. I know he’s looking forward to it. With that, Peter, let’s begin the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Okay. I’ll take a crack at it. Aaron thanks for the question and thanks for joining us, as always. So I don’t think it was quite down quite as much as you said. I think we’re kind of like mid-teens. A big piece of that is, we talked about it last quarter, we have one very, very large customer that’s going through some challenges of their own. And now we have issues with our own supply chain. So I would say in the last quarter, it was primarily on the customer side. And as we went through the quarter, it started to creep in on our own components. And as we move into the next quarter, it’s much more of a component issue as the rest of the market normalizes out or the customer normalizes out. On the COVID costs, you saw they are going up, and I’ll let Bob comment through this in more detail. But the health and safety and logistics costs continue to go up. We’ve seen that over the last couple of quarters, and now we’re seeing component costs that are almost approaching that same level of spend as far as increases. So I thought I’d give you some idea of sizing it. But Bob, you want to...
David Goeckeler: The other thing, Aaron, I’ll just wrap up by saying, I mean, as we look forward into the next quarter, we’re expecting right about on seasonality for our hard drive business. I would say earlier – midway through last quarter, we were hoping to do better than that because we saw the demand there. But there is a significant amount of unmet demand that we just can’t meet given the component constraints. But even with all that included, we believe we’re back on a more seasonal number.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So there is – first of all, thanks for the question and thanks for joining us again. There is a lot to unpack in that question. Let me take a bit of a crack at it. So the component constraints are not necessarily new. We’ve been dealing with them for a long time. I think early in the pandemic, we were able to qualify additional component suppliers, diversify. And then as things went on, we would always remix and do what we could to get the most out of the components we could get. It’s just gotten to the point now where it’s getting even more constrained. And quite frankly, a little bit more surprises that orders that we thought were going to show up get either delayed or canceled. So we continue to work through that. So to your point, there is a number of dynamics about why it gets better. One, we stay very close to our suppliers, and we will obviously work many quarters into the future. And we can see as we get through the first half of the year, things get better. We also – the technology moves forward. And in some cases, we just move on to different nodes in the semiconductor business that have more availability on them. So we know as the portfolio shifts, things are going to free up. And then to your point, the longer it goes, we can negotiate longer contracts and kind of look at the relationship with all of our suppliers to get back to a position where we have more predictability both on the supply side and on the pricing side of it.
David Goeckeler: I would say pricing is – look, I mean, I said it in the script. Pricing has stabilized in the more transactional markets. I think there was a little bit – I think the narrative in the industry given some of the shutdowns that are going on, would it flow through immediately? We haven’t seen that. But we did see a stabilization. Also it’s worth noting that majority of the portfolio is priced before we go into the quarter, and that happened before any of the events of the shutdowns in China. So that’s not going to show up for another quarter or two. But I would say we’re seeing more stabilization. Our view, I think, has been that we will see better pricing in the second half, and that’s pretty much the way it’s playing out. Depending on kind of the impacts of some of the shutdowns, that may move forward a little bit. But I think mainly the impacts of what we’ve seen – impact on NAND pricing is going to be more second half favorable, including some of the stuff we’re seeing now on even the tool vendors, the component issues hitting them. So we’re watching that very closely. I would say right now, we’ve got a more stable environment over the last 2, 3 weeks.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Joe, thanks for the question. So definitely, as we go through the year, the mix gets better on BiCS5. It starts out in more transactional markets. Consumer, it’s moved into mobile, it’s into gaming. This quarter, we will start to ramp client and then more of that as we go through the year. And then in the second half of the year, we will ramp BiCS5 into enterprise SSD. And that’s really where the whole enterprise SSD story comes together. We’ve got – this year, we went through all the qualifications. That’s BiCS4 material right now, which is in shorter supply. And then as we ramp that into BiCS5 throughout the year, the mix gets better as we go throughout the year. So it’s a really important point and one of the reasons why when we talk about the setup for 2022, as we go forward, the portfolio gets stronger.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would say the NAND – the business we’re leaving on the table in the NAND business is higher than in the drive business. It’s significant in the drive business, in the order of $100 million to $150 million in the third quarter there. But in the Flash business, it’s basically twice that. So yes, it’s controllers, it’s power ICs, it’s a number of different parts on enterprise SSDs and embedded as well.
David Goeckeler: So we expect – so first of all, let me talk about how we think about ramping different nodes. I mean the main thing we’re looking at is the cost side of it. So the cost numbers, good again this quarter. We expect that to revert closer to the $15 million that we always talk about modeling. It’s been above it, I think, for nine quarters in a row now. But still, the nodes are producing, and we’re getting the cost we need as we go forward. We – BiCS4 was a great node for us on yields, record yields. We expect BiCS5 to be – that BiCS5 is the most capital-efficient node the team has ever built. And so at this point, we expect BiCS6 to be in FY ‘23 type of ramp. We’ve got lots of runway on BiCS5.
David Goeckeler: Well, I think there is a premium to get them. And so we have good contracts with our suppliers. So – but there are premiums to get the pieces. But like I said, there is just more variability on timing, especially in the fact that orders that have been placed many, many, many quarters in advance, then we get push-outs. I think your question is, are we just not paying for them? Are they available? And I think it’s a mix. I mean we’re definitely – we definitely have to pay more to get what we need, and there are some pieces that are just getting delayed and – especially later in the planning cycle where it’s more difficult to mitigate the impacts.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Well, look, let’s talk about it. I mean I think we are back on seasonality as we go into Q1. We obviously have a margin impact. We expect the revenue – Q3 to be the bottom on the revenue in that business. I think the margin will probably hit the bottom in the next quarter, but we will see some sequential growth. What I can say is when we look at calendar Q2, calendar Q3 through the end of the year, the demand signals from our customers are very strong. So, assuming we get the parts and like I said, especially in the drive business, as the portfolio transitions, we move on to different nodes that are freer as far as getting the controllers. That’s why we have more confidence in the second half of the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think the business is definitely changing. I mean we have talked about this for a couple of years. And let me just frame it up as a kind of where we were when we walked into 2021 and where are we when we walk into 2022. And so as we go into ‘22, we are clearly – we clearly have strong customer demand. I mean in the first quarter, we have more demand than we can meet. We have customers asking us for upsides. And we get good demand signals as we move through the year. The LTA percentage to your point, are multi-quarter agreements. I am starting to say a little more precise. On the drive business, when we walked into ‘21, we had – we knew were maybe a low to mid-single percent of our exabytes were going to go through agreements. And as we walk into ‘22, that’s more like a third of the portfolio. So, you have seen a dramatic – we have seen a dramatic difference in what we understand about how much our customers are going to take, especially the biggest of the big customers, what their demand is going to look like, what are they committing to. That obviously helps us plan, that helps us work on pricing. So, it’s a very, very different situation. From a portfolio point of view, we walked into calendar year ‘21 when we were talking about commercializing energy-assist. We walk into ‘22 not only having commercialized energy-assist and got the areal density gains from it, we have also launched OptiNAND. We got back on our front foot with 18 and ramped that. Now we are ramping 20. Something we talked about in the script, which has evolved over the year is we are seeing much more interest now from the big customers in SMR. That’s something we have been investing in for many years. We have always thought it’s been good technology. OptiNAND helps deliver a better SMR drive and better areal density. And we expect by the end of the year, we are going to have multiple cloud titans deploying SMR at scale. On the flash side of the business, we talked about BiCS5 and kind of where we are there and how that portfolio gets stronger throughout the year. And then I think as we go through ‘22, we are just in a better financial situation than we were before. To the – and as we talked about on the call, getting back to a shareholder return policy, which we are all very much looking forward to as we move into FY ‘23. So, maybe a little broader than your question, sorry, but we – LTAs in the drive business have become a meaningful increase in the percent of our exabytes and where they are going to be placed throughout the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think we will have more to say about that as we get a little bit closer. I mean one of the things we are going to do is talk to our shareholders and get their input on that question, and then we will have more to say about it. So, I don’t know if it’s an internal debate just yet, but we are just really looking forward to getting to that point. We have spent 18 months now paying down well over $2 billion worth of debt. We have the ability – we have made a lot of changes in our execution in the portfolio to generate more cash, and we are looking forward to returning that to our shareholders.
David Goeckeler: Yes. 20 is – I guess what I would say is 20 terabyte is ramping. It’s not going to ramp. It is ramping. I mean if I look at units shipped in the last quarter, we are up to a high-single digit percent already of units that are going out at 20 terabyte. And like I said, we see high interest because we have some very, very large customers going to SMR. And so you are going to get more bang for your buck there with the gains you get on SMR. And OptiNAND is a technology that makes that even more efficient. So, we feel really good about where 20 terabyte is. We feel good about where the technology is. And we think it’s going to be a very successful ramp. I will just leave it at that.
David Goeckeler: So, on the second one, it’s actual component cost. Like what the suppliers mix of cost is a different thing. I mean obviously, wafers are going up. But for us, it’s just the cost of the component itself. On your mix question, yes, mix gets better as we go forward because we go more into BiCS5 and more parts of the portfolio. I guess what I will say is the component impact on the portfolio – I mean one of the places the component impact on flash is hitting the portfolio is on enterprise HDD, which is…
David Goeckeler: Enterprise SSD. Thank you, Peter. Enterprise SSD. So anyway, the component impact on the portfolio is a – component shortage impact on the portfolio is part of the equation there as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So, I think we are doing everything we can. I mean we are – I mean we always look to diversify our supply chain, especially in this kind of environment. We are staying very close to our suppliers to understand exactly they understand what we need, and we understand what they can provide. Like I said, there has been more variability in that lately. We are redoubling our efforts there to get close to it. And I think when we look – we plan many, many quarters in the future. And so when we look at where we are at, if we can get the surprises out of there, which we think will get better as more of the nodes in the fab start to free up, we will be able to be in a better position. And like I said, there are some big issues. When you roll the portfolio forward, you change the bomb of the product, and that gives you a different set of components that you are using. So, when you look at that planning is what gives us confidence on the second half.
David Goeckeler: Yes. The component situation is better on 20, I mean is maybe a better way of saying what I said earlier. But – so I mean, at this point, there is no impeding of that roadmap, right, and that ramp. Where we are running into problems is controllers on 18s because that’s where 75% to 80% of the portfolio is right now, and that’s the sweet spot of what customers are deploying. So, I think as we move through the year and we move into 20, I mean we will get things to free up. We will get closer to our suppliers and get more capacity on the current products as well. But as we move forward, we also have some other dynamics that help us.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So, we work – I mean I think this goes back to the conversation we had earlier on multi-quarter agreements. I mean we have been working with our customers quite a bit on what their future looks like and what they are planning. That gives us more certainty in the process. And quite frankly, that’s helped to stabilize pricing in this environment. I mean – the first order of business is to be as close to our customers and mitigate these costs through staying aligned with them. If it gets to the point where there is – we think they are going to be long-term, then of course, well, the economics of the industry will have to reset to drive the continued investment to drive the exabyte growth. So, it’s a little bit of how we are thinking about it right now. It’s – we see them subsiding as the supply chain loosens up and we drive the technology forward. If our calculation is off on that, then we will look at all the other levers we have in the business.
David Goeckeler: I would say – I mean, definitely LTAs are the routine way the NAND market works with OEMs and anybody that’s buying on a consistent basis. So, that’s been a part of the market for a long time. I think it’s – we are borrowing some of those ideas and moving over to the drive business. Again, I talked about earlier why I am more confident in ‘22 as we walk into the year and as we go forward. On the NAND side, the percentage of the portfolio under LTAs has gone up as well. I mean when we walked into last year, it was over – it was already over half of the portfolio. We walk into this year, it’s more like two-thirds. And realize we have a big percentage of our portfolio in consumer markets in the channel. So, those are not things where you think about multi-quarter agreements with your customers. But in the NAND market, it’s just the way business is done is to negotiate share for different products with customers and then of course, on a quarterly basis, negotiate price within that share envelope. And then there is always the opportunity for upsides beyond that share amount. And we are seeing a fair amount of that right now in the NAND business. There is a lot of customers coming to us PC customers, enterprise SSD customers looking for upside in NAND. So, that – again, that makes us optimistic. When we talk about strong demand signals that’s one of them that gives us confidence in the year. We will manage through the component issues. And we feel super good about where the roadmap is, where the technology that’s underpinning this is. We feel good about the customer relationships and demand signals. And again, to wrap it all up, we spent 1.5 years getting the company in a much stronger financial position. And we look forward to getting back to a shareholder return policy. So – but again, to summarize your question, LTAs, much, much more prevalent in the NAND business.
David Goeckeler: Alright. Thanks. Look, everyone, we really appreciate you joining us today. We will be talking throughout the quarter, and we will look forward to engaging then. Thank you very much.
Bob Eulau: Yes. I can add a little more detail. I think that the COVID costs we’ve been reporting, which are the logistics costs and the costs in the factory associated with keeping our employees safe, probably peaked in the second fiscal quarter at the $70 million. I think it will come down some in the third quarter, and hopefully, continue to come down from there. The logistics costs, as you know, have been elevated for probably at least six quarters now. The thing that’s different as we look at the next quarter or two are the component costs, and we’re seeing a lot of inflationary pressures on the component costs. We think those are transitory, a lot of expedite fees, a lot of expenses associated with trying to get the parts in so we can get the products built and delivered. So I think that’s really what’s different as we look forward the next quarter or two.
Bob Eulau: Yes. Well, as I mentioned, we have two big headwinds right now. The one we have had for a while, which are the COVID costs, and we hope they peaked in the December quarter. We think they peaked in the December quarter at about $70 million, and it will come down some from there. The logistics costs have been persistent for quite a while. So, I think it really comes down to when we see more passenger traffic coming out of Asia, which will be able to get the cargo rates down. So, that’s one headwind we continue to have. And then on the component costs, I mean it’s – we are really expecting those to persist through the fourth quarter. And we expect them to get better as we go through the year, as Dave mentioned, as some of the controllers get on different nodes and we are able to see more supply available. But I think through the fourth quarter, we will continue to have a challenge.
Bob Eulau: Yes. I mean I think that – as I mentioned, the real driver is there is very little passenger traffic coming out of Asia right now. And so there is a lot of cargo on those flights in normal times. So, obviously, we are seeing good indications. A lot of the countries are starting to open up and say they are going to open up in the spring. Then you have to see the passenger travel come back and then obviously, you have to negotiate with the carriers and see the rates come down. So, I don’t know it’s going to be super quick, but I think that it will come down over the course of the year.
