David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Today's results and guidance underscore Western Digital's strong execution with promising growth opportunities ahead. We delivered solid results as we doubled down on our strategic initiatives and product road map, capitalizing on robust growth prospects for both Flash and HDD. The emergence of the AI Data Cycle marks an incredibly exciting transformation in our industry, driving fundamental shifts across our end markets. Looking ahead to fiscal year '25 we are well positioned to leverage our leadership positions to spearhead innovative technologies and deliver unparalleled value for our customers. Peter, let's begin the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Yes. Sure. Thanks, C.J. So yes, we were very happy with where the HDD business is at. We've -- we spent a long time focused on getting our manufacturing footprint in the right spot and a lot of cost optimization there now that the volume ramps back, it puts us in a strong position plus the products, right? The continued strong adoption of UltraSMR, those drives are great for us. They're great for our customers. They're leading capacity points. So when you put it all together, we were able to deliver past our gross margin target in that business. Some of the historians around here tell me it's like the best gross margin ever. And the good news, as you said, is it's going higher. So we got good supply-demand balance that's giving us good visibility throughout the rest of the calendar year, we're -- we pretty much know where every drive is going to go. At this point, we made, I think, a really significant transition this past quarter and that we moved up our request to our customers to give us visibility 52 weeks ahead, so a 52-week lead time on HDDs. Now the reason that's so important is the cycle time underneath to build an HDD is about 50 weeks. So we've been working very hard to drive the technology, drive our manufacturing but also change the business practices of this business to give us the visibility that allows us to really align our investment with our customer demand. Our customers have responded well to that request and we now have visibility for the entire fiscal year from a number of our biggest customers. Others are still -- we're still working through it with them. But to wrap it all up, we're -- we're very happy with where the margins are. We continue to see margins going higher in this business as we continue to innovate. If we continue to innovate, deliver better TCO to our customers, we're going to continue to drive margins higher and we've got a very robust road map to do that. And we're now getting the visibility in place to -- in the business practices to make sure we can keep supply and demand balance going far into the future. So hopefully, that addresses your question.
David Goeckeler: As you know, Joe, it's a very dynamic market. So we're still seeing -- in the negotiated markets, we're still seeing good pricing increases, especially enterprise SSD and that's something we're very excited about. We see -- we saw really good sequential growth in enterprise SSD and we're expecting very good sequential growth in the next quarter. Some of the more transactional markets where you have more players involved and frankly, some players that don't produce their own raw NAND, pricing is a little more dynamic and demand in general in consumer is a little bit weak. So in those markets, we see a little more demand headwind, a little more -- not quite as aggressive as pricing moves but in the negotiated markets, we still see good pricing. And then, you put mix all on top of that to come up with a quarter-by-quarter number where you got quite a bit of variability. But as we go through the back half of the year, we continue to see strong demand in Enterprise SSD. We see the PC market really kind of maybe a little bit of an inventory rebalancing here going on in the next quarter but we see that improving as we go throughout the year. I think that's a normal process given a couple of really strong quarters here in the first part of the recovery of NAND pricing. So we still see demand outstripping supply through the second half of the year. And quite frankly, our modeling shows throughout next calendar year as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. And Aaron, on the NAND pricing, I think you kind of answered your question as you went through there, just to confirm it. There's a huge mix dynamic. So we've got -- like everybody else, we're seeing some weakness in the consumer. And so that's -- consumer is 1/3 of our Flash portfolio. So that's a big business and that has very we've always talked about higher than average through-cycle margins. So that's a bit of a headwind. And then we -- it's a seasonally strong quarter for mobile. So that's -- there's a big mix dynamic there as well. So that -- but you're thinking about it the right way.
David Goeckeler: Yes. They are 2 separate products targeted to different parts of the AI Data Cycle. So the compute product that you mentioned, what we call a compute product because it's designed to feed data into GPUs and keep the pipeline full. So very high performance, very high-performance NAND. That product is a qualification in a hyperscaler and we're getting a lot of interest in that product across the AI ecosystem of anybody that's building an AI training infrastructure because we believe that product is the best read performance and really good power efficiency and that's what everybody is looking for in that market. The 64 terabyte drive is a separate product that's targeted at building these high-performance data lakes for AI training and we're looking at that across the kind of same sort of customers. Anybody that's building an AI training infrastructure is looking for those kind of products. And that's in addition to the products we had qualified enterprise SSD, we had qualified 2 or 3 of the hyperscalers before the downturn and those products are picking back up now as well. So we have a much -- we were -- we were happy with the portfolio and now we keep adding to it. And those products are really well targeted to where the demand is in enterprise SSD which is a lot of pull on people building AI training infrastructure.
David Goeckeler: We know -- we think that the share in our products is because they are great products, right? We're delivering the highest TCO products. We've had this road map for a long time. None of our customers are surprised by our road map. They know about our road map, quite frankly, years in advance and we work with them very closely. So we believe we're providing the highest capacity -- well, we are providing the highest capacity drives at scale. They're easily qualified. The architecture is well known to our customers. and they deliver absolutely the best TCO. And if you're building a data center architecture at the scale our customers do, TCO is incredibly important. And now we've delivered a 32-terabyte drive. First time anybody has crossed the 30 terabyte at scale, that's sampling really great TCO. And then the UltraSMR side of it, these drives can deliver 20% more capacity with UltraSMR versus a typical SMR drive which is 10% more capacity that's great for our customers. They get more capacity per unit. It's great for us because we get 20% more capacity or the incremental 10% without adding any COGS to the system, so that's margin accretive. That's very nice. And we're seeing now the third hyperscaler starting to adopt our UltraSMR technology starting in the second half of the year. So we just feel really good where the portfolio is. We think this portfolio has been in development for decades to get to this point. These were decisions that were made a long time ago given the lead times in this business. And so we believe we're -- customers are just responding to great products. And the TCO increases in the supply-demand balance allow us to also work on the pricing side of it as well. So as far as capacity, look, I mentioned it earlier, we got to this 52-week lead time that was really important because now we're starting to get forecast from our customers a year out. It gives us the ability to plan for capacity. So as we get -- as those forecasts come in and we roll them up and we work with our customers and we look at that, what that picture looks like, then we'll be in a position to address this issue of do we add capacity. But we don't want -- we're not going to add capacity for a 2-quarter increase in volume. We think this is much more sustained than that. As I talked about, AI is going to be a big driver -- the AI Data Cycle will be a big driver for HDDs as well. We see sustained demand into the future. But we want to see the commitments from our customers and them to give us that visibility and we now have that in place. And as we get the whole market, all of our customers looking at that over the next quarter or so, we'll have a better I think a better way to answer that question of do we plan to add capacity. But for right now, we're happy with where our capacity is. and what we're able to ship and mix keeps going up and we're able to ship more exabytes per quarter based on mix.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I think the whole key to that question is to continue to innovate. It's just as simple as that. If we continue to innovate and build a better product and deliver a better TCO to our customers, we're able to continue to participate in the value of that R&D that we're spending. We just announced a new drive that's 32 terabytes which is 13% more capacity than next biggest drive on the market which is our 28-terabyte drive. So as long as we continue to do that, we go to our customers and they get a better value proposition and we're able to participate in that. And as long as we continue to drive the road map forward and I have a tremendous amount of conviction that's the case, we're going to do that. We will continue to drive margins higher in this business.
David Goeckeler: No. Like I said, I don't think it has -- it has to do of continuing to deliver greater TCO. The underlying technology that you're delivering on the product I don't think matters that much, right? It's like customers want more density in the same slot and we're able to deliver that. We have a road map to deliver that. Other people in the industry have a road map to deliver that and we're going to continue to drive TCO down. We get better visibility into ordering. I've talked a lot about, I think, hard drives have been an industry that's been persistently oversupplied given the client to cloud transition. We're past all of that now. And I think we're seeing what the dynamics of the industry are like when we get the supply-demand balance right. We get our manufacturing footprint the way we want it. We deliver world-class leading products that provide enormous amounts of value to our customers. And we're -- that drives margin higher because it's a great value proposition for our customers. It's a good deal for them. It's a good deal for us. And I think that is incredibly durable.
David Goeckeler: I think in the -- look, so next quarter, margins in both business are going up which is what we want. And I think as long as we continue -- in the NAND business, we -- again, we have to continue to innovate and bring great products to market and I think our portfolio is as strong as it's ever been. And we've always -- we've been strong for a long time in consumer. I mean that's been a stalwart of the business for a very, very long time. We have a very strong client portfolio. We have a very strong gaming portfolio. We've always been good in mobile and now we have enterprise SSD, where we're building out the portfolio right at the time where the AI Data Cycle is really driving a significant amount of demand. So I think from a technology perspective and where the portfolio is positioned, we're in very, very good shape. At that point, we look at long-term supply-demand balance of the business. We all know it's a cyclical business. You have to add CapEx in very large increments to bring on capacity, nodal transitions give you more capacity. We talked about this in our new era of NAND. I think this idea that the layer race and let's just put bigger and bigger nodes on the market and count on elasticity to soak up all the bits. Like I think that era of NAND is in the past, the era of NAND in the future is more strategic introduction of new nodes that add capacity, more innovation within the node on performance, power, capacity and so that, I think, is something that says the way we're going to manage our business is different than it has been in the past. And then, we look at just the overall supply-demand balance. And there's been not a lot of CapEx spending in NAND coming out of the downturn. And so we see a good supply-demand balance. So we expect to see continued positive momentum in the portfolio. On HDD, this is a business that is, like I said in the prepared remarks, we think it's gone through a remarkable transformation over the last year, really. We're starting to see the -- we're starting to see the results of this transformation that's been going on, quite frankly, for a long time. One is about getting through this client to cloud transition. Industry has been in that position for 15 years probably. So we're kind of through that now. Client is just a much, much smaller percent of the portfolio. Even if you look back to the past peak of our business, client was a much bigger percent just 3, 4, 5 years ago than it is today. So it's a cloud business now. We continue to deliver really strong TCO gains with our technology road map. And I think the business has a long road map on continuing to be able to drive better TCO for our customers. And then on the demand side, you've got -- again, you've got AI now the AI Data Cycle where HDD is going to be a big part of that on the input side, all of this data is stored on HDDs. And on the output side, people producing a lot more content to be stored on HDD. So we see a good demand environment, good business practices of getting the right visibility into how we should add capacity, so we don't end up in an oversupplied market. So I think the HDD business has structurally changed. I see the margins going higher and going higher in a structural way that will be maintained at a higher point. It's not a value proposition question. The value is really there. And like I said, we continue to drive TCO lower. We're going to continue to drive margins higher.
David Goeckeler: And then on the NAND -- the fabs are -- we're running at full utilization. We don't have underutilization costs on NAND at this point. And then the third part of the question.
David Goeckeler: I mean, these are very big relationships with very big customers. So we're very close to them on a day-to-day basis. So that is clearly something we look for. But I think there's a lot of relationship value here as well. So we'll be on the lookout for that. But we expect our customers to be fairly rational about this whole process. I mean, look, we're in an area of HDD where almost everybody that we talk to would like to have more HDDs right now. So I think everybody is understanding that giving us more visibility will allow us to set our manufacturing infrastructure in a way where we can satisfy the market without ending up in the situation we are in, in the down cycle where we were having to really, really cut costs and quite frankly, move a lot of people off the payroll which is an unpleasant exercise. So we'll stay very close to our customers. And we have also have a lot of information on kind of ordering patterns and all that kind of stuff. So we'll keep an eye out for that.
David Goeckeler: Yes. So on the HDD side, there's been a couple of things that are -- have been contributing to better margins getting here. One is just we reset the manufacturing base and we've been coming off a very low number. So as we produce more and we get to full utilization, we get better cost per unit out of that. So that's been a good tailwind. But we're -- as I talked about, we're at the point where we know where all the drives over the next couple of quarters are going. And then the other part of it is as you said, technology-driven cost improvements, continuing to innovate, deliver better TCO, better cost dynamics. And we continue to drive down the cost per terabyte on the HDD business. It's going down like high single digits a year or something like that. On NAND, of course, we continue to drive cost down in the 15% range for this year, we're still good with that number. So that's a big part of the storage industry, has continued to drive the cost down through technology innovation and we feel very good about where we are in the R&D teams we have that can continue to do that.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thanks, everyone. You appreciate your time today. We look forward to talking to everybody throughout the quarter. We're very happy with where the business is and where we're driving, we think the portfolio is in a great shape and things are going in the right direction. We look forward to talking to you about it more as we move throughout the quarter. Thanks for your time today.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, sure. As I noted in the prepared remarks, in Q4, we paid down the remaining $300 million of the delayed draw term loan. And so as we generate cash, our focus is to continue to strengthen the balance sheet. The -- with respect to the second part of the question related to question related to the capital structure. Obviously, we're making good progress as we prepare for the separation, we will be as -- we get closer to the time of the separation, will be hosting Capital Market Days or Investor Days to discuss that in more detail. But as we've always said, our aim is to create 2 world-class companies that are competitive in their own spaces. And so their cap structures would be reflecting their -- the profile from a profitability, cash generation and market dynamics as well.
Wissam Jabre: Let me take the first part related to the dis-synergy costs. The question was whether they were split -- they were all in operating expenses or there's anything in COGS. So Aaron, the numbers that I quoted, the $15 million to $25 million are all in operating expenses. There will be some dis-synergy costs in the COGS but they're really not material. And so that's why we didn't call them out. And they're reflected also in our guidance for Q1.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, in the fourth quarter, it's how do we proactively -- how we proactively mix the bits to generate better profitability.
Wissam Jabre: Yes, the -- so on the -- maybe on the comments on the inventory, Wamsi, it's not unusual for exiting the June quarter for us to have inventory builds as we get prepared for the second half that tends to be more consumer oriented and sort of there's more shipments that typically take place. And so we're comfortable with that. Yes. So on the like-for-like for the September quarter, we're expecting the ASPs in NAND to be slightly up in the sort of low single-digit percentage range.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. Let me -- thanks, Toshiya. Let me take the first part of the question. So with respect to the synergies costs that I discussed for the December quarter, they range in and you noted $35 million to $45 million. This is -- it's fair to assume that this is where steady state will be until the separation and going forward.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So on the CapEx side, look, we're -- what I'm -- what I think, we will share is where we see CapEx in this current quarter. And the -- from a cash CapEx perspective, for this quarter, I expect it to be more or less in line with the fiscal fourth quarter which was around 2% of revenue. And our thoughts on CapEx with respect to basically future investments haven't changed, we'd like to continue to focus on the profitability of the business. And at this point in time, that's really our main focus.
