Stephen D. Milligan: Thanks, John. When we announced the acquisition of HGST in March 2011, we emphasized the potential for strong financial returns. We believe the consolidated June quarter financial results provide a compelling early proof point. Both WD and HGST have a heritage of developing strategic and collaborative customer relationships, underpinned by innovative products, great technology and consistent execution. We are very pleased with the momentum we have maintained in the marketplace as we continue to focus on helping our customers succeed by developing and delivering great products across all segments of our business. We delivered strong financial performance in the June quarter, with consolidated revenue of $4.8 billion. Crisp execution and healthy profitability generated strong cash flows. Our subsidiaries also independently managed their build plans to the prevailing demand environment. We shipped a total of 71 million units or 48 million terabytes of storage into the market in the June quarter. The segment mix of the consolidated results for the 2 subsidiaries demonstrates a very healthy balance. In total, Western Digital shipped 7.9 million hard drives into the enterprise market; 54 million hard drives into the client space, including notebook and desktop; 4.2 million hard drives into the consumer electronics segment, including DVR, gaming and automotive applications; and 5 million hard drives for branded products. We also shipped 1 million non-HDD units including solid state drives, media players and routers. It is worth noting that our aggregate shipments of nearly 8 million hard drives to enterprise customers demonstrates continued momentum by both HGST and WD in this highly strategic space. As expected, WD's industry-leading branded products business rebounded in the June quarter from its post-flood downturn with exciting new products. On the operations front, WD began production in its new slider fabrication facility in Malaysia, and both subsidiaries improved efficiencies and reduced cost from flood-induced levels. It is also important to note that both WD and HGST continue to invest in new product development. During the fourth quarter, several innovations were delivered to customers including some important new market entries: Specifically, the WD branded products group advanced its connected home strategy with entry into the wireless home networking business, launching its family of My Net routers. It also added new software and services, including the WD 2go personal cloud mobile app with Dropbox integration. On the component side, WD introduced its WD Red series, the industry's first hard drives specifically designed for home and small office NAS systems. To address demand for thin and light devices, HGST continued to leverage its first-mover advantage with its 2.5-inch, 7-millimeter drives. More than 46 million of these particular drives have shipped since product inception. Continuing its leadership position in enterprise storage, HGST demonstrated the industry's first 12 gigabit per second SAS solid state drive. In a departure from Western Digital's long-standing tradition of announcing new products only as they ship, we plan on providing a preview of some exciting innovations at our Investor Day on September 13th. I look forward to seeing many of you at that time. I would now like to turn the call over to Wolfgang for his financial reports.
Stephen D. Milligan: I think -- Rich, I'll take that. This is Steve. But I think that -- we've obviously got different fosters, if you want to call it that, depending upon which subsidiary you're talking about. HGST has filed with a model of whether it will be 80%, 90% internal, 10%, 20% external purchases. WD has got kind of a similar model. Obviously, that became overweighted in terms of the recovery from the flood. And as John and Wolfgang alluded to, we've still got a variety of different things that we need to do as an organization to get to pre-flood kind of levels from a cost perspective. And certainly returning to that kind of blend will be something that we'll be looking to do as we progress into the future.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes, we don't recognize any of those numbers, and in fact, our channel inventories continue to be below 4-week level.
Stephen D. Milligan: I think that pricing is always one of the more difficult variables to predict in our business. And so we're going to continue to expect it to be, I'll call it, a competitive business. But I think that what -- there's a recognition from our standpoint when we look at pricing that, as John alluded to, there are a number of different factors that are impacting demand. One of the things that is not impacting demand, from our perspective, is the level of disk drive pricing, right? And there's arguably no reason to go and just transfer dollars to not create any elasticity. Right? And so we'll continue to provide the appropriate value to our customers, which includes, yes, you have to make adjustments in your pricing, but we're going to do that in a prudent fashion that ultimately allows for value creation not only from our perspective but also value creation for our customers.
Stephen D. Milligan: Well, I mean, that's a hard question to answer in a real simple way. I mean, I think what we're undoubtedly seeing across the industry and its not just call it "the hard drive industry," but we continue to see a tremendous amount of growth in data, right? For a variety of different reasons. And what we're seeing is a proliferation, which, by the way, there's always been a proliferation of storage devices that are used to store that increase in data, right? And so, undoubtedly, a large amount of data growth is going on in the cloud, right? No doubt about that. And we, we being Western Digital, as well as our separate subsidiaries, WD and HGST, are very well-positioned to take advantage of that in a number of different ways, whether it be the, on the HGST side, in terms of the tiering types of drives that we have, enterprise class, SSD on the front, traditional performance drives in the middle and fat drives on the back end. And then on the client side, yes, you're seeing some level of increased participation with solid state drives. But, by the way, that increased participation in pure SSD drives is not outside of our expectations, right? What we are saying, which is certainly benefiting our business, is an increased trend in terms of thin and light hard drives. So we talked about the 7-millimeter drives that, right now, both the WD sub and HGST sub have, that's being coupled up in some cases with solid-state, a dual drive configuration, that is allowing for the performance improvements or benefits that you get instant on whatever it might happen to be, coupled with the storage and cost benefit of a hard drive. And so it's a little bit difficult to answer your question in a direct fashion, but I think that the point is, is that all of this data growth is a good thing for all of us, and that what we've got to do is continue to provide the right level of innovation, the right level of products, interact with our customers in the right way, to continue to bring different solutions that address all these different applications. And so, it's actually, I think we're very optimistic in terms of our ability to be able to do that.
Stephen D. Milligan: You know, Mark, I honestly don't know. And so I don't have the specific number in front of me. But I can tell you and we've been very fortunate with, and I'm speaking now in the HGST side of being able to meaningfully improve our market position in the enterprise base, both in terms of traditional performance enterprise, as well as capacity enterprise and certainly something that we're very pleased with. And we want to maintain that position. We want to improve that position. We want to continue to deepen our relationships from the customer perspective. And so I apologize for not having that specific number in front of me. But I do know that it has improved rather markedly over the last 12 months.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes and Mark, this is Steve. Let me add a little bit of a perspective, which I don't mean this in a disrespectful way. But I've been away from the earnings kind of stuff a little bit, but I think it's important that we -- one of the things generally technology prices come down over time, right? And so we are going to have a price declines and it's important. And we have to remind ourselves in terms of how we manage the business to do the same that you not become overly fixated on one particular data point or element of our business. And so we deal with price declines all the time. The question is rate and pace. And then the other thing is that, what we do need to deal with that? How do we manage our cost? How do we manage our mix? How do we introduce new products? How do we find other ways to add values to our customer? And at the end of the day, ultimately, it's our job to figure out how to factor that all in and deliver not only satisfactory products to our customers but a compelling return to our shareholders.
Stephen D. Milligan: Yes. So let me take that question. So from a technology perspective, there's a few kind of key things that we're really focused on. The first thing is, and you alluded to it, is ramping to more competitive levels or cost competitive levels. The new areal density points whether that's a 500-gigabyte per platter on a 2.5-inch platform and then a terabyte for a 3.5-inch. And so our development teams, our respective development teams, are aggressively working on that ramp and we'll continue to see that transition. I mean, it is already actively in process, but we'll continue to see that occur over the course of this fiscal year. And then the maturity benefits of that from a cost perspective as we improve yields, et cetera. And so that's obviously a key area that we're focused on. The other thing is that, and we've already sort of alluded to this, but we want to continue to make sure that were investing from a product perspective on the opportunities that we see in terms of thin and light applications, whether that be in Ultrabooks or it be in Slimbooks, whatever you want to call them, where we think that we have the ability to continue to package drives in an effective way that allows us to ship into thinner devices. And then additionally, we want to continue the progress that we've made on the enterprise front. And so we're going to continue to invest meaningful dollars in expanding and improving our product portfolio in both subsidiaries so that we can continue to -- and to maintain our momentum, shall we say, in the enterprise area. And then, of course, lastly, is that we'll continue to invest in advanced areal density technologies whether that be shingle write or heat assist or energy assist, whatever you prefer calling. So those are really our priorities from a technology perspective.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Thank you, Steve. I will first summarize our consolidated financial performance for last quarter and will then provide a range of expected financial results for the September quarter. The revenue for the June quarter was $4.8 billion. We shipped a total of 71 million hard drives into the market at an average selling price of $65. Both unit volume and average selling price exceeded the expectations that were implied in our guidance. OEM sales represented 69% of revenue, distribution channel sales were 21% and retail sales were 10%. Our gross margin for the quarter was 31%. This includes $39 million of amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets. Excluding this, non-GAAP gross margin was 31.8%. Non-GAAP gross margin came in better than the implied gross margin in our guidance due to lower-than-expected price declines and better-than-expected shipment linearity. R&D and SG&A spending totaled $584 million for the June quarter. SG&A included $12 million of amortization expense related to intangibles recorded through the purchase price allocation. Incremental OpEx versus our guidance reflect higher attainments on our variable compensation program. In order to better align our production with anticipated market demand, we took certain resizing actions that resulted in $80 million of restructuring charges in the June quarter, consisting of $72 million related to fixed assets and $8 million for severance. Net interest and other non-operating expense was $7 million. This includes $4 million of gains on investments. Tax expense for the June quarter was $56 million or 7% of pretax income. Our net income for the June quarter totaled $745 million or $2.87 per share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $872 million or $3.35 per share. Turning to the balance sheet. We generated $1.1 billion in cash from operations during the June quarter and our free cash flow totaled $804 million, reflecting better-than-expected profitability, solid shipment linearity, a reduction in inventory and reduced capital expenditures. Our conversion cycle was a positive 2 days. This consisted of 45 days of receivables, 34 days of inventory, or 11 turns, and 77 days payables. Capital spending and depreciation and amortization for the June quarter totaled $324 million and $339 million, respectively. Capital expenditure for fiscal '12 totaled $717 million. Depreciation and amortization for fiscal '12 totaled $825 million. During the June quarter, we made a scheduled $58 million principal payment on our term loan and also repaid the $500 million line of credit that was drawn during the HGST acquisition. In addition, we used $604 million to repurchase 16.4 million shares. As announced in May, our Board approved an increase of $1.5 billion in our stock purchase authorization. As of the end of last quarter, $1.3 billion remained available for future purchases. We exited fiscal Q4 with total cash and cash equivalent of $3.2 billion of which $1.5 billion was in the U.S. Subtracting our total debt of $2.2 billion dollars results in a net cash balance of $1 billion. I will now provide our guidance for the September quarter: We expect TAM to be flat with the prior quarter; revenue to be in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.3 billion; gross margin to be 30%, excluding the amortization of intangibles and a 50 basis point dilutive impact of sales of drive to Toshiba; R&D and SG&A spending to be approximately $550 million, excluding the amortization of intangibles, as we continue to operate HGST and WD as independent subsidiaries; a tax rate of approximately 8.5%; and a share count of approximately 253 million. Accordingly, we estimate non-GAAP earnings per share of between $2.45 and $2.55 for the September quarter. Operator, we are now ready to open the call for questions.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Aaron, let me give you a bit more context and summarize what we said. The base assumption is a market that's growing approximately 5% from a unit volume perspective. We anticipate our share to be roughly flat in the fiscal year. From an OpEx perspective, like John and I mentioned, we do not expect synergies when compared with the current level of OpEx, might be up or down a little bit. But in average, you should assume what we guided for in Q1. As it relates to the tax rate, I think the 8.5% that we gave you for Q1 is probably a good proxy for the year as well. We're planning to change our approach to share repurchases, where we did more opportunistic share repurchases in the past, we are now switching over to more systematic share purchases. And when you compute all these numbers together, you're coming to a gross margin that's roughly about 30%, give or take. So those are the major assumptions. But from an OpEx perspective, you should assume the OpEx to be roughly flat with what we guided for.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, you're right, Rich. There is, for a certain period of time, certainty this quarter, a little bit what's included in the last quarter as well and then probably the December, March quarter, as well as we transition the 3.5-inch equipment over to Toshiba, we are building drives for them on a contract manufacturer margin basis and that is dilutive on, as I said, in the quarter. We just ended at about 50 basis points.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: I can give you a flavor there, it was a total of 157 million units, as John said. We're about 82 million, 2.5-inch drive; 65 million, 3.5-inch drives; ATA that were about 17 -- they were about 9 million performance enterprise drives and then there were a few 1.8-inch that were shipped.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: We haven't decided yet. We're not spelling it out for this quarter beyond what Steve mentioned that it was a 1 million unit in shipments.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: You're right. In the Q4 numbers that we just reported there was for both subs, but in particular for the WD sub, that was mostly impacted by the flood. There was a sort of significant cost disadvantage when compared with pre-flood levels and that has to do with absorption, that has to do with higher external content, that has to do with freight modes that we use and other things, and you should assume that it's a significant opportunity going forward and that we will walk ourselves through that over the next couple of quarters.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Like I said, I think we'll walk ourselves through everything by the end of the new fiscal year. Some of it is solvable more immediate like the freight mode and some of it like the component mix will take a little bit longer. We said we had multi-quarter agreements there. So it's a gradual improvement throughout the fiscal year.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Let me add a few points on that. First of all, to put the LTA that we mentioned, those are all done. There were certain short term agreements. Those are all behind us. The second thing that's important to point out and that we alluded to is that WD as a response to the -- with significant impact to the flood, had increased the prices to the highest level, and we believe in Q1 has clearly met the [indiscernible] on OEM pricing again. Last quarter, pricing actually came in better than expected. You see that with the major impact of our overachieving of the EPS. And that had to do with the differential between channel pricing and OEM pricing. In the flood, the spot markets increased much more than the OEM markets and the teams were very, very disciplined to manage shipments linearity. And like Steve said, the inventories are extremely tightly managed to sub 4 weeks and that includes in transit. But we were able to maintain that spread between the markets a bit better than we thought when we gave the guidance for the quarter. For Q1, implied in our guidance is a mix. Obviously, it includes now our position in the market and enterprise drives. It has our subsidiaries at market pricing for OEMs. And it assumes that the distribution pricing gets into the normal range to the OEM pricing.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Yes, a few points there. First of all, you might have noticed that we came in a bit below what we said in the March quarter. We said 7 -- sorry, what we said in the May call. We said we'll be about 750. We came out at 717. We do also expect that we will not spend the full recovery capital that we indicated of 650 now because obviously, we're not bringing the capacity back to the same level. We earmarked that number at about $400 million as opposed to the $650 million. And for fiscal '13, our capital expenditure number will largely depend on what -- towards the end of the fiscal year, we expect the demand to be for [indiscernible] . But in general, you should assume that our capital spending for the fiscal year will be below the 7% to 8% that we guided to historically.
Wolfgang U. Nickl: Let me just say this. I mean, we got a significant increase in authorization. We took the opportunity to buy shares last quarter. We will be more systematic rather than opportunistic. We'll talk more to you at our September meeting about the exact details of the capital allocation strategy and I will leave at that for now.
John F. Coyne: This is John. Market share is a reflection of the extent of how we delight our customers on a consistent and continuous basis. We earn market share on a daily basis as we execute a strength, long-term strength, of WD and an exhibited strength of HGST in the past several years has been providing the right products in the right way at the right time with the right value proposition to customers. And we believe we can continue to earn that share of business in a competitive marketplace throughout the upcoming year and we're modeling our business on that basis.
John F. Coyne: Our conclusion that we will continue to operate the businesses as separate subsidiaries at least through the 2-year initial remedy requirement under MOFCOM and our expectation that we will not achieve measurable synergies in the OpEx environment, that gives you an update on where we are in clarification of the understanding between ourselves and MOFCOM as to how we will operate during the 2-year restriction period.
John F. Coyne: I think we're pretty much, both in terms of the mix and quantity of drives, that we're in a position to make available to our customers, matches their needs and the component landscape is appropriate to support both plans.
John F. Coyne: I think we've previously indicated that we expected the impact of that to be $1 to $2 a drive over the long haul in terms of that change in model for the business in terms of change in concentration model and the need to continue to invest in substantial incremental technology right throughout the supply chain as we move forward and address the challenges of delivering areal density on into the future.
John F. Coyne: And thank you all for your participation in today's call. I'm very pleased with Western Digital's performance in fiscal '12, extending our 10-year record of compound annual revenue and EPS growth, the 19% and 48%, respectively. I'm excited to have such a strong and accomplished leadership team focused on the strategic development of our business to extend this long-term performance into the years ahead. And look forward to sharing our strategy and introducing the leadership to you at our upcoming Investor Day here in Southern California on September 13. Thank you.
