David Goeckeler: Thanks, Wissam. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about our business outlook for the calendar year as customer demand across our end markets continues to be generally strong. Despite the supply chain challenges and macroeconomic factors we discussed earlier, it is evident that we have the right foundation for long-term growth, the right technology portfolio in place to meet evolving customer needs and the broad routes to market necessary to scale our business. Over the last couple of years, we have planned and executed significant changes to improve our focus, sharpen execution and set strategic goals to place Western Digital in a position of greater strength. And I'm excited that we are witnessing the positive impacts of those changes. Before I wrap up, I want to remind everyone, we have an Investor Day coming up on May 10, and I look forward to seeing you all there. Let's start the Q&A.
David Goeckeler: Joe, yes, that's still the right number. I mean the team will always work in kind of an evolving situation to see what they can do with the material that we had to take out. But I don't think it will be super material to the numbers. So 7 is a good place to work from. And we haven't split it up over the quarters, but the majority of it we took in the previous quarter.
David Goeckeler: I'll put a much larger frame on it, Tom. I think what's happening, and we see it show up in a number of ways, and there's a lot of COVID implications and costs in it, too. But I just -- I think we're just seeing the industry change from a world where there was always capacity enterprise drives available. Hard drives were available. It was about putting as many as you could in places where you could fill up factories and get good absorption and not have to pay incremental cost for that. That's kind of decline of the client era and the rise of the cloud era. We're pretty much through that, we're in the last legs of it. And I just think you're seeing a lot of industry dynamics change. You're seeing long-term agreements come in much something that last year was kind of a new concept that we were working through. Now it's becoming much more mainstream with our big customers just to give us visibility to making investments in this business. Essentially, we don't have a lot of capacity anymore to shift from client to enterprise and the cloud, and we're having to invest in that, and that's causing the whole industry to shift the way it thinks about this technology and my point of view. I think it starts with we're still driving a strong TCO model for our customers. That's where it all starts. Every generation of technology, we're able to bring down the TCO for our customers. In the past, I think as we did that, the reward for our side of it was more volume, to soak up that capacity. Well, that's not the case anymore. Now we have to invest in new volume, so the industry has to change. So we're bringing a lot of TCO value. And I think you're seeing the industry move to providing more visibility, thinking about value-based pricing more -- and how do we move that value equation in a way that we can continue to drive the TCO down and drive a better pricing environment. So that's the big picture. And then, of course, there's a lot of costs in the system right now and inflation input costs are going up, and we're working through pricing if we can mitigate parts of that. That's happening as well.
David Goeckeler: Yes. We do expect -- as we talked about last quarter, we're pretty much in the same place, which is we expected the decline we saw this quarter -- we actually expected gross margin to be a little lower next quarter. Now we think that will be flat. And then we expect that to improve in the second half for a number of reasons: Mix, input costs that are changing a bit and also some pricing benefit. So yes, we expect next quarter to be the low and then we expect to improve from there. 
David Goeckeler: Yes. So let me unpack that a little bit and thanks, Patrick. So -- the -- it's largely the same customers that will move from 18 to 20. I mean I think, as I said earlier, the TCO equation improves as you go -- as you keep driving forward. So it's a very part of what we do. I mean this is -- I talk about innovation a lot around here, and the innovation we've driven around ePMR and now OptiNAND and SMR, those are all things that we layer into our products and allow our customers every time they move a generation forward, they get better TCO equation. So there's reasons to keep moving forward. So that's kind of the way that works a little bit. By the way, we'll come back and talk about SMR a little bit more. We're continuing to see more momentum towards SMR. That is the future of the cloud HDD business, is SMR. All the big players are now moving down that path, which is a technology we've been investing in for quite some time. On your other question on -- look, the LTAs don't drive the spending and the LTAs help smooth out the spending. I think the whole idea with the LTA is to give -- we have a strong relationship with our big customers and to give better visibility 2, 3 quarters out. I've talked about this a lot in the past, the business used to -- if I think back a year ago or 2 years ago when I came into the business, the business was just transacted quarter-to-quarter and even within the quarter. And clearly, given the investments we need to make to continue to drive investments in heads and media to fund -- to fuel the exabyte growth, we're going to need more visibility than that. And so the LTAs have been adopted. And we strike those with our big customers on multi-quarter timeframes, and then we stick to them. And that's been very good as far as smoothing out any ups and downs in builds on their side. And so, as far as the second half environment, our big cloud customers continue to tell us and signal a strong demand environment in the second half of the year. So we'll be excited about driving to them with -- starting with 18 and then transitioning to 20 as we move through the year.
David Goeckeler: Yes. I would imagine the 20 crossover will be in the second half of the year. I mean we're deep into the 18s right now. I mean, 18 is probably 80% of the portfolio of shipping. So it's the sweet spot of the market. As we move through the year, we'll start to ramp 20. So towards the end of the year, early next year -- we can circle back on a specific date, but that's the way we're thinking about it. The surveillance market, smart video market, that's been soft all year. So we continue to see that with the lockdowns in China. We expect that once that ends, there'll be some snapback and some recovery of pushed out demand there. But right now, given the COVID situation, I think that, that market is not going to change until the COVID situation changes.
David Goeckeler: Exabyte growth in '22 versus '21, I can get you -- let me look this up real quick. If I have a pie -- look, I mean, Mehdi, if I look at it -- looking at over -- we keep coming back to 35% growth in the -- in exabytes in the cloud. That's been a pretty consistent number. I'd have to go back and put it in -- I tend to look at it more in fiscal years and calendar years, but I can follow up with you on a calendar year number.
David Goeckeler: Well, I'll defer the workloads until our Investor Day. We'll go into a little more detail there. But look, I think big picture, we see this last quarter, I think -- well, I know I said we had 2 big cloud titans that we're working on SMR and we expected significant shipments towards the end of the year. Within the quarter, we had another one and another one come to us about adopting SMR. So I think that -- I think that it's very clear to me that the capacity gains that can be achieved with SMR, we've been investing in this technology for a long time and this idea that you can get an extra 10% or more. And again, we'll talk about that next week -- or in a couple of weeks as well. It's very attractive, especially given the size of the drives now and how big they are, you're talking big numbers, multiple terabytes that are being added through the changes.  Now, the thing that gives me a lot of conviction on this is because it requires the -- on the host side, you have to do some software work. And nobody wants to do software work if they can avoid it or if the return is not good enough. And the fact that the big players are coming in, they're saying, look, we're going to invest in this, and we're going to pull SMR into our data centers, tells me that this is the next leg of growth in this industry. So again, we'll get to our Investor Day to talk about what it means on the portfolio, but I get back to just another way that allows us using innovation to drive a better TCO equation for our customers. And when we can drive better TCO, then we can leverage that into a conversation about value-based pricing. And that's exactly what we're doing, and that's -- it's exactly where the industry is going. And like I said, LTAs are a part of that, about getting more predictability. But the fact that we can continue to drive down the cost of storage, continue to drive a better TCO with every generation of products, to do that through innovation, that gives us opportunity to create margin and create value.
David Goeckeler: I think various of our customers have DIY projects. I think that's fine. They still -- first of all, I don't know if anybody does 100% fab, because everybody wants diversity in their supply chain. But even DIY provides us opportunity to provide, well NAND, so not just the full enterprise SSD. But like I said, even anybody that's doing DIY is also going to be buying enterprise SSDs as well for part of their footprint. And the numbers here are getting so large that whichever way you play or both. It gives us the opportunity to play in both of those franchises, quite frankly, with our big customers, providing enterprise SSDs and then providing NAND into their projects. So I think it's a reflection of how important enterprise SSDs are to the future of a very modern cloud data center. It's extraordinarily important technology, and we're very happy to be involved with the biggest customers and qualified at the biggest customers with our technology.
David Goeckeler: Yes. It was -- I mean we're not going to commit to your number, but just as a general point, I mean, look, there's just been a lot of a lot of additional costs on the business. We've talked about it for many quarters now, logistics costs and now increased input costs that have really hit us this past quarter. And you would think as the world comes out of the pandemic, I think which is the major crux to your point, as this starts to unwind and logistics gets back to a steady state, and some of the input costs get more reasonable, we stop paying expedite fees for certain components and things like that because there's just a more smooth flowing supplier ecosystem. It will unburden a lot of costs on the business. And again, I think this is masking somewhat, although not completely, a major fundamental structural change that's going on in the business, which I've talked about a lot, which is the HDD market is a growth market, and it's a growth market where we're going to need to invest capital to build additional heads and media capacity. And when that happens, I think the economic equation changes, and we get -- the key thing in that kind of world is can you still innovate and can you still bring new things to the product that makes it more valuable to your customer? And I think that is what we've really been focused on, from ePMR to OptiNAND to SMR, we're just really focused on innovation, bring a better value proposition that will be able to build a better product for our customers, and we'll get into that value-based pricing thing. So if we get both of those going and we can get the cost out because of the pandemic, I think we'll -- we feel very good about the business.
David Goeckeler: There's a couple of dynamics to this. I think over the -- looking -- the past couple of quarters, we had a higher shift -- higher mix towards mobile as we were ramping BiCS5. We talked about it in the prepared remarks, we've gotten past our qualifications of BiCS5 in the consumer market, and in our client SSD market. So we see an acceleration of mix into those on BiCS5. And then there's a lot of hard work going on to qualify our enterprise SSDs on BiCS5. And as that happens throughout this year, then you'll see an acceleration of that market as well into BiCS5. The reality is we have demand on enterprise SSD. We can't meet because it's on BiCS4 right now. So as we get that into BiCS5, you'll see the mix change, and you'll see the enterprise SSD mix accelerate through the second half of the year, which will provide a tailwind to business. This -- we'll talk about this a little bit more at Investor Day as well to put one more plug in to see all of you on the 10th.
David Goeckeler: All right. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. As we've said a couple of times, we look forward to seeing -- hopefully, we'll see you on May 9 as was pointed out for some new product launches. We'll have some exciting new technology coming out then. And then on the 10th -- May 10, May 9 and 10, on the 10th, we'll have our Investor Day, which we've been looking forward to for quite some time. So we will see you there. Thanks, everyone.
Wissam Jabre: Yes David, just maybe to follow-on on the comments or Aaron's question with respect to COVID, where we see the COVID costs going into next quarter are expected to be a little bit less than what we've experienced in the fiscal third quarter. 
Wissam Jabre: Yes, of course. Yes, Tom. So we do expect that our long term -- to continue to reach our long-term target of cost reduction, which is 15% year-on-year. The -- we did see a bit of a headwind in the current quarter, but it's really impacted by a few factors that we expect will anticipate in the next couple of quarters. So we saw, for instance, we continue to ramp our BiCS5 technology, as well as just like everybody, we're seeing some inflationary pressure as well as the start-up of our Yokkaichi Fab7. But we still expect for this fiscal year '22 to be at least 15% year-on-year in terms of cost reduction. And as I started with, we do expect to continue to meet that target going forward.
Wissam Jabre: Of course, David. So Sidney, thanks for the question. The -- when we think of the flash business, I think to address maybe the part of the question around the Yokkaichi start-up cost, they're not very significant and actually, they're much lower than the K1 fab start-up, we're talking about really a brownfield expansion here versus a greenfield expansion. To the part of your question with respect to our flash gross margin that's sort of embedded in the guidance. Of course, mix always plays a part in any gross margin, whether it's actual or projected. So -- but as I said earlier, we're still expecting to meet that 15%-plus year-on-year cost reduction for flash in the fiscal year 2022. I hope this helps.
Wissam Jabre: So maybe I'll -- thanks, Mehdi, for the question. Then maybe I'll just talk about the FX in general. So our approach is we do -- we use a layered hedging approach, which means it's -- there's much more coverage in hedge on the shorter term versus the longer term. And so that smoothens out the impact of FX over time.  And the way also to think of it as any incurred cost within the quarter typically will not really impact the P&L until approximately 90 to 120 days later, given the manufacturing cycle times and lead time for delivery of product. And so the -- whatever we're seeing at least in the past short term in terms of currency fluctuations, will not be that impactful to the numbers. What we saw in -- what we're sort of expecting -- actually, what we saw in this quarter and what we're anticipating for the fiscal fourth quarter is less than 1% impact on all of our cost of goods sold. Not on -- that basically talks about all of the costs of goods sold, maybe not only the flash portion.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. So that's very true, David. I mean the -- we did have in the quarter around 240 basis points related to the COVID costs. We've talked about slightly impacted, of course, by COVID lockdowns. We continue to see some inflationary cost pressures short term with supply chain disruptions. The -- I mean, to your question, I wouldn't necessarily want to talk about where the margins are going to be in Q4. But would it say that we do expect the margins to be better from here in the second half of the calendar year '22.
Wissam Jabre: Yes. The -- just maybe to clarify thanks, to clarify the -- my comment on brownfield versus greenfield was exactly just to really highlight that the costs aren't as high as we've seen in K1. They weren't really -- they're not very significant. But of course, it's a bit of a headwind to the gross margin.
