John Coyne: Yes, Ananda. This is John. On an overall basis, the rare earth materials that affect both the magnetic components in our drives and the processing of substrates for our media are -- have 2 issues. One is overall availability and consequent to that, the price for that availability. The market -- about 30% of the reserves exist in China. About 95% of the production is in China. 15 years ago, that was roughly 1/3 China; 1/3 U.S.; 1/3 rest of world. The year-on-year reductions in allocation quotas for export from China have been significant over the last 3 years and the trajectory looks to continue. As the price has risen, there's more interest in the rest of the world in terms of reopening mines and processing plants to bring further supplies to the market. We continue to work very closely with our suppliers, multi-tier in our supply chain to secure supply and to manage cost. We continue to focus on the controllables, that we manage the design of the product and therefore, the usage of these materials. The processing in the supply chain, to manufacture the components where you acquire and so we're working there on process efficiency and reutilization of scrap materials and so on. And through those various means, we've worked with our supply chain to moderate some of the influence of the raw material increases. We have not fully countervailed those pressures, and so we've gone to our customers and we've sought their help in reflecting, in our pricing, the cost increase which we could not offset in other areas. And we'll continue to do that as we march into the future here. We'll continue to try to manage down usage, to improve efficiency and utilization throughout the chain and find other means within our overall control to continually address cost improvement, which is quarterly order of business, daily order of business here. And should all of that not successfully drive down the cost of a hard drive, we'll work with our customers to ensure that we continue to provide a very fundamenta,l, effective technology to the marketplace that enables the revenue streams of all of our companies.
John Coyne: Well, I think the issue here is there's always a certain time lag in this process. And the vulnerability is to a very rapid increase in pricing of the materials. And recognize in these kinds of situations, there are 2 issues. One is the price rise that relates to the demand versus the supply equation. And we think we were helped last quarter by the disarray in the Japanese automotive industry, which reduced demand for magnets in automotive temporarily. But that will come back, as the supply chain to the automotive industry in Japan recovers on the semiconductor side, primarily, that will enable recovery in the automotive build numbers, which will place an increased demand on the available magnetic materials. So that's one driver, potential driver of cost. The other is typically, when any traded commodity goes short, we get financial interests that jump into that pool and attempt to make the commodity even scarcer and make a profit by driving up that price. And while the fact that this is a Chinese government-controlled quota system may help in that regard, there's always vulnerability to that effect as well. And we're working to try to manage all of that. And I think our customers fully understand that supply chain and those issues and fully understand the vital contribution of our technology to their businesses and we'll work it out.
John Coyne: I think -- this is John again. The WD approach to the deployment of new technology is to focus primarily on deploying that technology, where it serves a specific need in the marketplace, such as a new capacity point that has been previously inaccessible or, as in the case of our announcement last night, a -- the 1 terabyte in the 9-millimeter form factor, which is restricted to 2 disks. And therefore, deploying the advanced technology in that product enables us to offer a 1-terabyte capacity into the notebook environment, which is restricted to the 9.25-millimeter form factor. We then -- we tend to manage our large-scale deployment of the technology, which is purely to address cost on existing capacity points. We manage that very much on the metrics, and we pace the introduction of that technology and the ramp of that technology to return the maximum financial advantage to the company. And I think you've seen how we've managed that over the last 5, in fact, 10 years. It's a very effective, proven formula, and we continue to prosecute that formula.
John Coyne: I think based on the published time frames for each of the agencies, the U.S. process is moving along a track that's going to be in the September time frame. And the European process is moving along a track that looks like the October time frame. And we expect all regulatory agencies reviews to be complete within the calendar year.
John Coyne: Good questions, Rich. We're working on trying to understand the split, the air-ocean split. I think it's above 20% today, maybe in the 30% range and rising. In perspective, the PC industry ships over 1 million units a day. So -- and you consider a 4- to 6-week difference in the supply chain, air versus ocean to -- from Asia to Europe and the U.S. So if you go on the 4-week delta and take 10% movement between air and ocean, you're talking 4 million or 5 million drives. So we're looking, I think we mentioned at the end of March that we thought there were about 8 million drives out there, a mismatch between PCs sold through and drives sold in, I think we've added a couple of million units during the course of the last quarter. So you're probably looking there at a couple of weeks worth at the 20% level. I do think it's -- provided interest rates don't go crazy, and in the context of the current maturity of drive technologies relative to drive prices quarter-to-quarter and the system configurations and relative to the price points being hit in the market and the potential for significant price degradation quarter-to-quarter. I mean they are the things that influence the decision on air-ocean. And so I suspect it is here to stay for -- at least for a while. And the advantages, it tends to level the seasonality, which allows us to ship the full year on a lower capital investment, so that's positive for everybody in the chain from a cost and efficiency utilization perspective. The negative is that it reduces visibility and typically makes reaction to downside a more severe, short, sharp, shock thing. As Tim described our thinking on the upcoming quarter, we see July and August pretty much locked in because people are building pre-back-to-school on the assumption that it will be normal and that therefore, the holiday will be normal. Once we see in August what the back-to-school is shaping up like, then that will either continue to plan or they'll put the brakes on build, allow the ocean to flush through and then use air to catch up on any of these minor miscalculations, right? So we're a little cautious about September depending on the outcome of back-to-school.
John Coyne: Well, our research into that market tells us that we still haven't effectively publicized or proselytized the backup story. There's still way, way too many people out there totally exposed in terms of backup. What we have seen is the deployment of what I call the personal cloud, where the continuing appetite for consumption of rich content, whether that be on PCs, on tablets, is leading to a significant level of sales for personal storage to expand the storage available in the home. And parallel to that, we're seeing expansion of storage in the cloud, which is driving the growth in the nontraditional enterprise space. And so, the growth of outside the PC storage is reflecting the huge growth in petabyte demand and the creation of content, which is you're driving that 40% year-over-year growth in petabytes of storage demand. And one place it shows up is in the external storage. Now if we can do an effective marketing job of convincing people that not only do they need that incremental storage, but they need to back it all up, then we have an even brighter future out there to go turn that opportunity into financial performance.
John Coyne: I think that's a difficult technology. We -- the industry is demonstrating the technology and has been for several years. But typically, in this kind of technology area, when you see the announcements of the new technology performing at the current level of the mature technology, you can add 3 years to volume availability of that new technology. And we have not yet reached the point of equivalence to the current technology in the lab demos that are demonstrating the new technology. So it's at least 3 years out for mass volume deployment.
John Coyne: Well, I think our performance in 2.5-inch for last quarter was supply-constrained. We did call out in our April call that as a consequence of the earthquake, we were scrambling to underpin and by the end of April, had underpinned our planned 2.5-inch volumes and support of customers for the June quarter. We did execute to that plan and we did support all of the preplanned volumes there. But we had no upside in 2.5. In fact, we were somewhat constrained. We shipped more to support our OEM customers and we constrained ourselves in allocation to our Branded business, which is part of the reduction in our Branded business quarter-over-quarter. But that's not a constraint as we look forward.
John Coyne: I mean, it's hard to say that. I don't think -- I think the overall, if you take the baseline of the beginning of the year and look at the current cost of the rare earth materials and how much of them we used in shipping the average drive, I think the 200-basis point number that was used yesterday is pretty close. And then it's a matter of how much you can offset of that in usage, efficiency, utilization and how much then we're forced to share with our customer base and how timely we can make all of that understanding at action. And you can see the extent to which we've accomplished that in the last quarter. And the upcoming quarter guidance, I think, it's all implied in there.
John Coyne: Well, everything is on a day 0 start schedules, so depending what the closing date is, there's then a process, which will -- initial process will be about 6 months to get the thing -- to get us integrated and most of the integration actions taken and then, it will take realistically another year after that to really get the full benefits of the new WD in terms of operational performance. And then over the next 5 years, you'll see the impact of our ability to increase effective investment in the fundamental technologies and product breadth that will allow us to further grow the business.
John Coyne: There's-- I mean, we think the 170 million, 175 million can be supported. We think there may be some continuing constraints, primarily in the semiconductor side of the supply line. And it's a very deep, multi-layer supply chain and there's probably still some things from level 5 or level 6 working their way through the system that are not fully understood yet. So proceeding with caution and taking what we believe are all the appropriate actions to ensure that we have closed credibility around the supplier commits relative to our forecast and our build plans. I've got to say I was impressed by the overall industry capability demonstrated in last quarter because immediately post-earthquake, I was a lot more pessimistic about the industry's and our ability to hit our numbers last quarter. And we managed to do better than we anticipated. And it looks like many of our competitors also did the same. So it's a credit to the resilience of the supply chain and the inventiveness and dedication of all of the people involved.
John Coyne: Yes. That's the impact, we think, of the ocean versus air. When you're using historical demand patterns to shape your build and logistics and you extend the logistics piece by several weeks, then the normal tail-off that would happen in December potentially now happens in November. And we run at a somewhat lower rate in the December quarter because the holidays stuff's all been shipped already.
John Coyne: Well, bringing the mine back into production is a protracted process. And we do see some work going on in Australia that potentially could begin to impact the market next year. And I -- we're going to work on the other side of that one to try to reduce usage per drive as a way to address some of that. And the thing that's driving some of the quota behavior and so on in China is that there's an amped-up increased focus on environmental impact of these mining and refining activities, where the weaker, less capable players are being forced out of the market because they're unable to meet environmental requirements. And it's the more capable companies that are redoing their process to make sure they're in compliance with the environmental standards. And so I think, it'll get worked out, but it may take a while. So in closing, I'd just like to thank all of you for joining us today. We do appreciate your questions and your interest in the company and in the industry, and we look forward to seeing again next quarter. Thank you.
Timothy Leyden: Yes, this is Tim. What we believe is that the inventory that's being carried on the ocean, people have made a call on that on the basis of historical extrapolation of demand. And they are continuing to put product on the ocean. They will wait until back-to-school season in order to see whether back-to-school meets their expectations. And on the basis of that, if it meets the expectations, they'll continue to put product on the ocean for the holiday season, we believe. If the back-to-school season is less than their expectations, they will more than likely switch to -- they'll watch for demand and then they'll switch probably to air freight in order to be able to satisfy the needs of the market. And that will happen in either direction. So based upon that, we believe that the inventory that was there at the beginning of the June quarter is still in there. We think that there was a slight build, if anything, during the course of the June quarter. So consequently, we think that there is that extra inventory out there, which is more a change in the way people are managing, the way customers are managing their inventory than anything else. They're basically taking advantage of low financing rates and, of course, they're trying to avoid the air transportation costs. So consequently, we think that with that in mind, there normally would have been -- what we would anticipate on a seasonal basis with historical trends, probably be up somewhere in the region of 10% to 12%. And under this scenario, we believe that some of that inventory buffer that's in there would allow the growth that we are looking at, which is somewhere in the region of about 5% or so.
Timothy Leyden: Actually, quarter-to-quarter, we did grow market share in the near-line enterprise. We continue to execute in that marketplace. We have -- we are shipping our near-line SAS, and we're on track with our product introductions. We are working on a few things in order to get a higher profitability on it. But overall, we're pretty pleased with where we are in that particular space.
Timothy Leyden: Yes. With the product capabilities that we have and the -- some of the disruption that was in the marketplace during the course of the quarter, we were able to react to customer upside in that marketplace, and we're able to do so effectively. So consequently, it contributed to increased volume for us.
Timothy Leyden: Well, we wouldn't be able to separate out that from normal activity. So consequently, we believe it was due to our ability to be able to execute quicker than the competition.
Wolfgang Nickl: No, we had moderate price declines as we mentioned. I think you need take into consideration the increase in volume as well. We had good utilization of our assets, and we had decent cost declines. And as Tim mentioned, our channel and business segment mix was pretty much as expected.
Wolfgang Nickl: Yes. In general, we tailor capital towards flexibility to respond to demand and to technology and be very reactive in realtime in reacting to capacity increases. We put the upper end out because we complete the wafer fab conversion. Without it, we would probably have been more in the middle of the range. But it's also important to point out that we're focusing strongly on linearity of capital spending. And what we actually will end up spending will largely depend on our view at the beginning of next calendar year, how the second half of next calendar year will look like.
Wolfgang Nickl: Yes. I think you're right. First of all, the midpoint is 20.5%, so 18% to 23%. You'd usually expect in the second half of the calendar year to be in the upper end of that range. As we said, price declines are moderate, so it will depend to a large degree how well we can work internally and with our supplier partners to mitigate some of the cost challenges. And then Tim pointed out that back-to-school is important and the outlook of how the PC OEMs will look at the holiday season will trigger certain build and shipment mode decisions, which could have an impact on volume.
