Dave Gitlin: Thanks Tim. We remain on track to navigating through this uncertain environment. We continue to focus on aggressive cost actions while driving key strategic initiatives. The quarter was better than we expected that enables us to increase the low end of our previous outlook while investing more in the second half to position us for growth in 2021 and 2022. Key trends around healthy, safe and sustainable building and cold chain solutions position Carrier well for sustained growth. We feel confident in our medium-term outlook of mid single digits sales growth, high single-digit EPS growth and cash flow equal to net income. With that, we’ll open this up for questions.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, we look at resi and like you said Nigel. We sell through distribution. So when you look at the shared number AHRI. You’re really comparing the sales from our distributors direct to the dealer network comparing to some of our competitors that shipped direct. What was very encouraging to us, is a few things coming out of the quarter. Number one, as I mentioned in the remarks June was the highest orders month that we’ve hand in our company’s history. It was plus 100% and a lot of that strength in orders has continued into July where resi orders in July have continued to be extremely strong north of 50% year-over-year. The inventory levels at our distributors ending last quarter were down about 25%. So we’re really - we started the quarter with low inventory levels at our distributors. We’ve done our best to reacted as very strong demand that we saw coming into July that’s continued into June that’s continued into July. So we feel pretty well set up for 3Q. The biggest we have right now is supporting that demand operationally with our logistics team.
Dave Gitlin: Okay, well. First Julian, just a reminder that when you look at our applied business. It’s about 70-30. We’re more heavily weighted towards OE versus service on the applied side. When we look at 2Q and then we’ll kind of look forward with you. We feel on the applied side that, we had strengthened in the US and China I think in terms of share. We felt positive. We had committed. Chris had committed to getting us to number one within five years which really looks at about 50 bps of improvement a year and we felt pretty positive about the share gains that we saw in the US and China. We lagged in Europe and we need to fix that and we will. But we felt positive about US and China on the OE side. Services is an area where when we look at it some of our peers had a quicker jump on that trend and we did, so we’re playing a little bit of a catch up there. There’s a lot of focus, a lot of momentum we’re putting the framework in place to really lean forward on services. But that scenario that there’s a huge opportunity ahead. When you look at some of the macro trends overall ABI, is a really good leading indicator of course, the architectural billing index. You want that north of 50, it had been north of 50 coming into March, April, May it dropped down into the 30s and then June it was back up to 40, so positive trend there and we’ll see if that bodes well as we look out six months. Light commercial was pretty rugged in April and May. It started to show better signs of progress a we’ve gotten into June and July. But that for us is 80-20 on replacement over OE. So we’re starting to see more activity in the light commercial space but some of those end markets remained challenged.
Dave Gitlin: Steve, the Northeast as the heat hit there, we did see a nice pick up there and including in the West and into the Midwest. The South and Southwest was strong, but it had been strong. So when you look at cooling degrees up 12% in June. It was pretty wide spread and I do think that areas that had been pretty well shutdown, there was some pent-up demand. So we did see a nice snap back in some of those regions that hadn’t been as strong as they had been in other parts. Mix, also although you didn’t ask. I’ll just mention that. On the product mix side, in the last call we said there was a bit of mixing down that we saw earlier on in April. But it kind of mixed back up to sort of normal levels on the [indiscernible] side. So that was encouraging as well.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. Look we had thought there’ll be a little bit of price tailwind. I mean it’s sort of flat to slightly up. But it’s - price is really neutral right now. Our biggest focus is honestly just supporting our customers. We really did not anticipate of course. It’s hard to anticipate orders being up 100%. But the tremendous order activity that we saw has been significant. We were little bit fortunate in the sense that, we had pre-provisioned some inventory and we really did it because we were worried that COVID could impact operations. So we used some of that inventory [ph] that we had pre-provisioned to help delivery. But the key right now is for our resi operations and our logistics to just keep supporting our customers.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, it’s not an operational issue. I mean we’re having through [indiscernible] right now. If you look at both our facilities and our suppliers. Everyone’s all hands-on deck supporting the activity. In fact the biggest challenge we have right now is on the warehouse and logistic side. Getting supporting warehouse activity into the trucking, into our logistics channel is, the bigger challenge we have right now operationally just given the sudden spike in demand. But operationally, I’m pretty proud of our own team and our supplier partners. They’ve really stepped up.
Dave Gitlin: Steve, we said that we would put every part of the portfolio through a very rigorous and clinical set of lenses. And if you look at the fire and security portfolio. It’s really 60% products and 40% is that Chubb business, which is that field and installation business. The field and installation business is pretty agnostic. It doesn’t pull through products so that gets a different assessment. The products piece that 60% of the business. What we’re finding is there’s tremendous synergy on a product side between that and our healthy building initiative. We’re seeing it with some of our touchless offerings. We’re seeing it even last night we announced this partnership with FLIR, where we’re going to be reselling their thermal imaging camera capabilities and we’re going to integrate into the BlueDiamond app. So when you look at a holistic set of one stop shop ecosystem of healthy buildings. The fire and security product portfolio fits very, very well and we see that in terms of real application. Normally, we would measure CO2 levels and then adjust the ventilation. But you can use the fire and security contact tracing to anticipate CO2 level rises and get into artificial intelligence and then use that to pre-ventilate. So there’s some really interesting parts of that portfolio and some synergies that seemed to fit quite well.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, look Chubb is a very solid business. And the interesting thing about Chubb is there’s tremendous room for improvement in growth. It’s no secret that UTC had, had it on the market and decided to take it off at the end of 2018. And that’s been an obvious area that we’d assess. There’s sort of two aspects to the assessment, does it strategically fit and if it does not, when is the right time that you would look at divesting it? We’re in the first phase of really assessing that right now and Chubb was hit very hard because it’s very European centric. So if you look at 2Q, I think Chubb was down around 25%. So we really have our work to do in the second half to get the EBITDA and the performance up to levels that we would expect of the business. And then we’ll asses the kind of question that you’ve asked, does it fit from a distribution and touch point with customers or is it worth more in the hands of others and our focus right now is just on improving the performance for our customers and for ourselves.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, we’ve said that not only for every part of our product and service portfolio. but including our JVs you mentioned where we do have a stake in European distributor of refrigeration other equipment and it’s a 37% stake and we said that, we would assess every aspect of our portfolio including the JVs and we will decide, is it worth more to us to continue to invest in those or is it worth more to monetize those and we’ll make those decisions as we go forward.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, Gautam we’re not seeing any mix down and we’re not seeing customers favoring parts over full replacement. So we had been concerned about that. We’ve been watching it closely and we haven’t seen that materialize. I think that we’re seeing a very positive combination of a lot of forces that is driving a lot of near-term activity. People are spending more time at home. They’re not eating out. They’re not traveling as much. So there’s a lot of consumer spend on the home itself and I think that’s helping. Of course the weather was some nice tailwind. I think our distributors were a bit under provisioned coming in so we’re catching up with that. So there’s a lot of forces in play to drive some very strong order demand. But we’re not seeing a pickup in parts or mixing down.
Dave Gitlin: This is thematic and we’re at the early stages. But it’s something that we would continue to anticipate would accelerate significantly as we go forward. We were seeing orders in 2Q on some of our - we introduced it as OptiClean, HEPA filter. The air scrubber machine and we’ve seen very solid order activity. Whether it’s a dentist office adding on or K-12 we’ve seen very strong demand there. We’ve seen it where we even thought chillers and some of the building operators have come back and said, can I upgrade the filtration system. So we would put that in a healthy building category. And we think that this is a trend that will withstand the test of time. So even post vaccine, whenever that comes. There’s society shining a light on the criticality of the health and safety of indoor air environments. And the nice thing about Carrier’s that we have a one stop shop ecosystem where we can address all vectors of what would create a healthy indoor environment. So we’re in early stages. I would call the first phase of what we’ve done is taken our core offerings and put those together for our vertical customers in a stop shop approach. Phase two, what you saw with FLIR last night is we’re starting to add partners and fill other gaps into the ecosystem. So Carrier does become the go-to place for healthy and safe indoor environments.
Dave Gitlin: I think the answer is yes. I think it’s going to be a combination of code driven and customer-by-customer. I think what you’re seeing is a lot of verticals looking to give their customer’s confidence in coming back into these public environments. So whether it’s university or K-12 or other schools globally. They’re stepping up and asking the right questions about what changes do I need to make and you’re seeing it for commercial office buildings. You’re seeing it for hospitals and airports. So I think there’s an element of individual customer demand state-by-state, country-by-country. But you’re also seeing some of the regulatory bodies and it could be an organization like ASHRAE coming forward with specific standards that, I know us and our competitors would all support. So I think that there will be a balance between customer demand and the regulatory piece. But I can tell you that the amount of activity and questions and quoting that we’re doing is really picking up in a positive way.
Dave Gitlin: I think what really differentiates Carrier is the holistic capabilities that we have. So obviously we have all aspects of HVAC. Within HVAC and indoor air quality. We have a multi-prong approach to filtration. So yes, for homes we use electrostatic filters. We have HEPA filters, we’re using bipolar ionization and we have capabilities around UVC. So we have a pretty comprehensive portfolio when it comes to filtration. But the same comes with our ability to do customized ventilation approaches because it is very application specific. And the same with controlling humidity levels. Then you get into the controls and we have our ALC business that has controls capability. And then when you integrate all of the HVAC and sensing and controls capability that we have there with our fire and security portfolio and then you can make it a one stop shop for customers through a natural interface point. Whereas you picture walking into a restaurant and you look at a computer screen, it can give you a red, yellow, green and all aspects of that healthy and safe indoor environment. So we can provide the controls, we can provide the user interface experience for our customers whether it’s through the controlled system or an overlay-controlled system. We have the ability to connect the dots. I think in a fairly unique way for our customers.
Dave Gitlin: Yes that’s the beauty of - even the building that we’re doing this call from today is our Center for Intelligent Buildings here in Palm Beach Gardens in Florida and this is basically a showcase of our capabilities and it’s also kind of an existing lab we have to make it the best in class building for healthy and safe indoor environment. So for example, we have significantly more ambient air in this facility than most commercial buildings. We have a designated outdoor air system. So we continue to leverage that to maximize the amount of ambient air. When COVID hit, we started to use more bipolar ionization. We have a relationship with a company called GPS. So we implemented their capabilities in our filtration system there. It’s combined with a HEPA filter as well. So we’ve been using this building to really validate a lot of our apps. So we have our BlueDiamond app that’s part of our LenelS2 business. And what we’re hearing from our employees in this building because right now for office employees at Carrier. It’s still voluntary whether to come back to the office. But we’re seeing an uptick in people coming back to the office because they know we’re investing in the health and safety of the indoor environment. They see it when they get their temperature taken when they come in the morning. They can see it through their app interfaces. So it’s really having a direct correlation to employees coming back in the investments that we’re making.
Dave Gitlin: Okay, thank you. And thanks everyone for joining us always. Sam is available for follow-up questions. We look forward to speaking with many of you in the coming months and thank you for your time today.
Tim McLevish: Nigel, this is Tim. I would say that I mean the same impact is hitting all of our businesses and roughly proportionally so. I would say that, the guidance we gave are overall for the company would be largely reflected by each of the business units. The one exception from an operating income standpoint would be our operating profit that we probably will have a bigger hit to profits for HVAC attributable to the decline in JV income and also that we probably have heavier investments of the $100 million incremental investment we talked about, this portion of share but will go into HVAC.
Tim McLevish: Yes, I think you’ve got it about right, Julian. So if you do the calculation and we come in about 34% decremental in Q2 and there’s about 1% of it is, the impact of the public company cost relative to the last year and the second one is really in accounting adjustment to our long-term liabilities, is about 3%. So that brings you back to kind of the targeted 30% that we usually expect to see. With respect to the second half, again if you do the calculations. I mean we would prefer not to -- for everybody to assume this we’ll be at the midpoint of each of the sales operating income etc. but if you did take that and you would calculate probably 45% decremental and about 10 percentage points of that is attributable to the investments. You recall. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we really, if you think that we didn’t do much as we’re part of UTC in the first quarter. Second quarter, we were quite distracted by responding to the COVID crisis and our customers and keeping our employees safe, etc. that Dave mentioned. So we spent very lightly on those investments. So the majority of what we had said was $75 million now incremented by $25 million, so $100 million in the second half of the year is about 10 percentage points. And the remainder about 5% bring us down to that 30% range would be attributable to the public company cost that will step up in the second half of the year as we particularly exit a lot of the TSAs and so forth from United Technologies and digital spend etc.
Tim McLevish: Well [indiscernible] this is Tim. It’s an initiative that we had envisioned for since kind of the inception. It is part of the Carrier 600, we carved out about $100 million of the Carrier 600, that what we call the G&A savings. And we’re setting up what we call - it’s a GBS, it’s a Global Business Services center and we will centralize a lot of the back-office activity. We’re starting with the cash application. We’re starting with accounts payable. We’re starting with some of the accounting back office routine activity. We call it in the reporting of accounting and we’re setting up facilities and probably three or four places around the world. We have one in Prague today. We’re going to set one up in India. We have one in the United States. We’ll put another one down in Mexico and we anticipate it’s a labor arbitrage of the cost structure, but it’s also an efficiency. We’ll employee state-of-the-art tools, to reduce cost and yes, that is part of the Carrier 600 and is well underway. I won’t say that to-date we have realized the savings. We’re still in the process of the setting it up. But you’ll see them soon.
