David Gitlin: Thanks Patrick. We are pleased with a very strong start to the year. Though much work remains to be done, we are confident in our raised guidance for the balance of the year. With that, we'll open this up for questions. 
David Gitlin: We anticipate so Jeff, but it's too early to say. I mean we really – we've been working for the last few months in the first quarter on pilot projects with a commercial office building. We were very excited with the Atlanta Braves and welcoming - as they welcome fans back to Truist Park. That was a really profound win for us that we are excited about.  We worked with a school, a K-12 school outside of Atlanta as well. So, we've really been proving out the technology. We made it an official offering earlier this week. So, it's too early to say in specific response to your question, but it's clearly – we have this tiered BluEdge offering, and we believe Abound will drive more of recurring revenue through subscription sales, but also pull through more LTAs and more of our elite BluEdge offerings and equipment sales. 
David Gitlin: No, we’ll base it more on the offering that we provide as opposed to the driver behind it. So, if we go to a school district and what ends up happening is it's a much more kind of an energy efficient play, which is what we do all the time, and the modernization is more around energy efficiency. We probably would not put it in that healthy building category, but if the offering is driven by the underlying premise of driving more healthy and safe indoor environments, yes, we would put those in. 
David Gitlin: Well, on the second part your question Deane, yes, I mean one of our big themes for Carrier since we spun has been focus and simplification. So, if you think about our JV portfolio, we started with 40 minority JVs, and we’ll end this year closer to 32. So, we have been taking a very clinical approach to reducing the number of JVs for various reasons. There are some that really pose risk, but not a lot of value to the overall business.  So we have reduced some of those, and then there are some that we still have that we are in discussions to, you know, reframe them a bit, especially if it's in a very strategic area for us, and we're not consolidating sales or EBIT, that's an area that we're in discussions with our partners on.  With respect to the specific product issue that was in one of our minority JVs, I wish I could say that in things we control we've never had our own product issues, so you know we're not disparaging the JV because of that one issue, but it does highlight that we do want to have more controls in place in some of our critically strategic areas. 
David Gitlin: Well, we think Joe that the opportunity you know is significant, and it is, it's broad based across a number of verticals. So, clearly education, K-12 is a key focus area, but even universities. We've been in discussions with universities as they look at -- they are very – they have a very broad footprint at most of the universities in the United States, but globally as well.  Healthcare and hospital is a key focus area for us as well. Commercial office buildings, as people reimagine the future of work and various models there, they do want to make sure that as people come back into the office to providing a safe indoor environment. Stadiums, you know I mentioned the deal with the Braves, but we are optimistic that that would be the first of other deals we would do. So, anywhere where you have kind of people in a somewhat crowded indoor environment, there are starting to be more discussions.  I had dinner with a friend who owns restaurants a couple of weeks ago, and he wants to add OptiClean units for his various restaurants, so we're seeing a lot of interest. You know the question we get a lot is going to be how sticky is it. We know that sustainability is a sticky theme.  In healthy, once the pandemic is more under control globally, will Healthy Building be a thing of the past, and I think that especially when you think about our Abound offering, that is one of the keys to really making sure that this is a sticky trend for years to come. Because what it's taught us is that COVID isn't the first airborne transmitted disease and it won't be the last, and people are much more in tune with having safe indoor environment. So, to make it visible to them and then how do you ultimately use AI and ML [ph] to anticipate and correct any deficiencies with indoor environments, I do think this is a trend that will withstand the test of time. 
David Gitlin: No, it had nothing really. We did -- as we transferred over on 3PL and we made it, we had a couple of issues as we did that. So, it was a very short-term issue which is now behind us. 
David Gitlin: Yes, I mean the supply chain issues are fairly broad based. I mean there are electron – there are electronic issues, there are raw material issues, even things like resins that we put into our injection molding process. We have to work with a couple of key tier one suppliers in our transport refrigeration business that are key watch items.  So I think the team is managing it well, but there are some things that the team is having to do. In some cases, air freight over ocean which we would have done in the past, so it's not without its cost and challenges, but just like the rest of the portfolio, I'm really, really proud of how the team is working with the supply chain to manage them, but there are certainly issues that the team is battling every day. 
David Gitlin: Well look, we said that we would take a very clinical and structured review of our existing portfolio, and I can assure you that we started that on day one and that's something that will continue forever. So, we continue to look at every aspect of our portfolio and put it through a rigorous set of lenses to determine, is it the right kind of area for us to invest and improver or is it worth more in the hands of someone else and we would use those proceeds to invest elsewhere? So we continue to look at all aspects of our current portfolio.  We are very, very energized by the playbook we have in place. We have great confidence as does our Board in our strategic roadmap. We have our three pillars of growth funded by Carrier 700. We have these two big ecosystems we are focused on, you know healthy, safe, and sustainable building and cold chain solutions, so we'll continue to look at rounding out those portfolios.  We put our toe in the water with a bolt-on M&A with CHIGO, and we’ll look at -- obviously we're looking at others as we go forward. And then we of course know there's more transformational opportunities out there in the portfolio, but we're really energized by our ability to execute on the strategic road map that we have in front of us. 
David Gitlin: Well, what we hear from really both our distributors and our contractors is that demand is strong. That it’s real demand and that they're pushing for the right mix from us so they can support the customers. Obviously, new construction continues to be extremely strong, and then what you're seeing is we had anticipated that in previous downcycles what you would have seen is more repair over replacement. We actually haven't seen any of that.  We've actually seen a lot more replacement of entire units, entire condensing units or entire systems, and I think it's because -- partly because there's more stay-at-home, and partly because there's more liquidity in this down cycle than we saw in previous. So, people are prioritizing the spend they have on their homes, and we're also seeing people buy a lot of new homes and often when you buy a new home, one of the things you do in your inspection is look at the HVAC system, so that's probably driving some of it.  But what we're hearing, we were actually on the phone recently last week with a key distributor down in the Texas area, and they said that they're very encouraged by what they're seeing from their contractors. They are encouraged by Carrier’s ability. It's not that we haven't had our hiccups, but our ability to support them and I think that's helped some of the share gains that we've seen, and we'll have to see. Obviously, there's inventory out there in the channel, but we'll have to see. If movement can continue to be north of 20%, then it’s an encouraging sign. 
David Gitlin: We’ve been consistent on a price that I think others have announced. We came in with a price increase coming into the year. We announced for resi up to 7% increase in June, so look, there’s clearly inflationary pressures on there on our side, and we really have no choice but to raise prices, not only in resi, but across the portfolio and I think customers expect it. So, we'll be doing that, and I think it seems like from what I've read from our peers that that's an industry wide phenomenon. 
David Gitlin: Yeah look, we will never comment on a competitor. We have a tremendous amount of respect for our competition, and I think we all go through various challenges during different times. So, I think that we are all experiencing various challenges. I think our operations team has gone a great length to support our customers, and I think that because we did pre-stock some inventory anticipating the ramp, I think that’s helped us.  I know our team has been working around the clock to support operationally. We’ve tried to be very strategic with our supply chain and our own operations to have some level of redundancy, so if there is an issue in one place, we can ramp up somewhere else. So, we are not by any means flawless. We have our challenges, but I do think the operational performance has helped us pick up a bit of share along the way. 
David Gitlin: Okay, well thank you. Thank you everyone for joining. Clearly, we are very energized by the first quarter and what we see in our performance and some of the macro trends, so we are energized by the quarter and what lies ahead, and we encourage you to please reach out to Sam with any follow-up questions. Thank you, all. 
Patrick Goris: Yes Julian, good morning, Patrick here. Maybe I’ll answer it as follows. Reported conversion in the first quarter is about 21%. For the full year, we expect reported conversion to be closer to 25%, adjust that for buyer and currency and the one-time items from last year, we get to 30% for the full year. We expect reported conversion to improve from here on out, and so in future quarters, we expect that conversion to improve from the 21% up, and for the full year as I mentioned closer to 25% earnings conversion reported, operationally closer to 30%.  In terms of the investments, we did about 40 million in the first quarter. I think it will be pretty much evenly split throughout the year, and so I don't expect big swings from an investment point of view throughout the quarter. I think you also asked about the input costs compared to our prior guidance. You know, our prior guidance with several tens of millions of dollars of incremental headwinds from inflation and the current guide, that went up by another $70 million or so, so $70 million.  And our current guide assumes that we're offsetting that with about $70 million of incremental pricing. And so, from a timing point of view, for the full year, price/costs will remain neutral. In the second quarter, that maybe the one quarter where price/cost is a little bit unfavorable. 
Patrick Goris: Yes Julian. So, within refrigeration, which had a good sales growth quarter, the growth was as we said, particularly container, international truck and trailer commercial refrigeration. Those carry lower margins than our highest margin North American truck and trailer business.  We expect North America truck and trailer would actually perform – was up high-single digits in Q1. We expect that growth to accelerate from here on out, and so for refrigeration we expect the earnings conversion to improve from here on out. We expect the margins to improve starting in Q2, and for the full year for that segment we expect segment margins to be about 14%. 
Patrick Goris: Yes Andy, so we have announced price increases throughout our businesses. The timing of which and the exact yield of that, of course is always a little bit different than the actual announced price increase. The way you can think about this is, of the 1.5 point increase in organic growth for the full year at the midpoint, so going from 5% organic growth to 6.5% organic growth at the midpoint, a little less than half of that relates to incremental pricing. That gives you, give or take, $70 million of incremental pricing that we’ve assumed in our current guidance, which offsets the $70 million incremental headwind on input costs that I referred to earlier.  The balance of the increase in organic growth for the full year is really in HVAC, both resi and commercial, some of that of course includes that price and in transport refrigeration. Those are the areas where we've really pushed up our outlook for the year in terms of organic growth. 
Patrick Goris: I think Joe, the way you can look at it is, as always one element is within residential HVAC. We mentioned that some of the strength we've seen, we believe could have been some of the acceleration of the seasonal inventory build. So, that would not necessarily change the full year outlook for resi, although we did raise resi a little bit for the year, but not as much as the [indiscernible].  The second element, this is for fire and security, we saw a very strong end to the quarter in March, and so it's a quick turn business. We have not updated our full year outlook for that segment at this point, and so would take another card there.  In terms of profitability, full year as I said $70 million more price, offsetting $70 million more of headwind, and then a little bit more volume leverage from what we raised. We did dial in a little bit more of the air freight costs as well for the full year. So that's kind of the – a little bit more detail and color around the full year outlook. 
Patrick Goris: Jeff, we are meeting customer demand. We are just having a little bit more input costs in doing so, including freight. 
Patrick Goris: A little bit it – well, less than a point. In the quarter itself, it actually was – in the quarter, in Q1 itself, it was less than 0.5 point. For the full year, it will be a little less than 1 point for the total company. 
A - David Gitlin: Well, Andy we think it's significant. You look at the $1.9 trillion stimulus package, $130 billion of that went toward school reopening, and then if you look at the President's new proposed infrastructure bill, the American Jobs Plan, it includes an additional $100 billion for schools. So how and when that gets spent will remain to be seen.  Obviously, it needs to flow from the federal to the state to the local school districts, but it's significant because The GAO had a report that said 40% of the school districts have insufficient HVAC. So, when you look at that potential $230 billion of spend, we think a material amount of that will go towards upgrading the HVAC systems, because it's long overdue and it's needed.  K-12 is an important part of our business. It represents about 10% of our sales in North America in applied in light commercial. We’ve come out with a very targeted kit offering, which makes it easy for the 16,000 school districts across the country to make a selection and move quickly to implement it. We have a dedicated sales team. We have innovative solutions that we've now come forward with things like Abound and our OptiClean solutions, and we also think it's important because these are sustainable solutions.  So, how it plays out this year and next, you will have to see the specifics, but we do think this will provide us with multi-year tail end for our HVAC business.  Operator, can we have the next question – [Cross Talk] oh! Sorry. Go ahead Andy. 
A - David Gitlin: Well, 2Q Josh still feels strong. You know, we came in with a nice backlog into 2Q. We do think that it's going to be hard to track quarter-to-quarter. You almost have to step back and look at the full year. I think what we're going to see is normal growth rates for the year with abnormal calendarization.  So, what we saw in the first quarter was sales up 50%, and what we're looking at for the first half is sales probably up around 35% in the first half, and then given the very difficult compare, given the strength we have in the second half of last year, the second half is probably down closer to 20%. So, we're raising – we had originally thought the year would be low-to-mid single digits. It's clearly looking like it's in the mid-single-digit range for the year, which is not an abnormal kind of year.  What's really encouraging is that movement was very strong in the first quarter. It was up over 20% and movements continue to be strong here in 2Q. Now, the inventory levels as you said, they are higher than normal. They are at 30% year-over-year, but having said that, if movement continues to stay at the pace that we've been seeing it, we think that we would end Q2 inventory levels probably 10% to 15% higher than 2019, which is the better compare, which is not completely abnormal. Housing starts continued to be very strong. They'll be up 11%, 12% this year, and we're seeing continued pent up demand, and a lot of the strength we saw or at least a material amount of strength we saw in the first quarter was furnaces, which would not really indicate for a lot of pre-stocking and inventory. So look, we're going to have to keep an eye on it of course, because you know third quarter was up 50, fourth quarter up 25, this quarter up 50. While we continue to take share, we continue to support our customers, we continue to see strong movement, so we feel well positioned certainly in 2Q, and then we'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out. 
A - David Gitlin: No Josh. Those are not – I mean look, there's challenges on Carrier 700, but it is not driven by the ones you mentioned. Clearly, we're seeing inflationary headwinds coming our way. Commodities, we're seeing some headwind there. Of course, input costs from our tier one, tier two suppliers, we have to manage that.  Logistics remain a challenge, and frankly we have to manage productivity because there are some labor shortages in places like our Collierville, Tennessee factory where we're in the process of hiring a few hundred people there, and we got to keep up with not only the short term demand, but the sustained demand that we see coming over the coming quarters. So, there's challenges out there, and I'm really proud of the operations team. I think they are managing it best-in-class, but it's certainly not without its challenges. But I think the things you mentioned were actually try to get out in front, and one of the things that I think has helped us is that as we saw this demand coming, we actually pre-stocked some inventory. Patrick and I authorized a bit of inventory in December and then in January to make sure that we had parts that we were going to need, some buffer stock in the face of a lot of the demand influx that we were anticipating. 
A - David Gitlin: Sure. Let me start on the applied side. You know, we were very pleased with that mid-teen growth we saw on the commercial applied side. Obviously, China had some easy compares with sales up there. Sales in China were up over 100%. We were pleased with the growth in Europe. Europe was up in the mid-teen range.  North American equipment was a watch item. We did have a couple of very short-term issues in one of our factories that probably is a short-term issue, so we'll catch up with that here in 2Q. So. North American equipment for us was actually down a bit, and the aftermarket in North America was up double digits. So, I think the North American equipment is poised for a nice recovery, especially when you look at the ABI, the Architectural Billing Index. You know, we looked at 11 months below 50, and it got as low as 29, but now we've been above 50, and in March, it was at 55, which is a very, very good level.  So, of course, a big leading indicator of commercial construction activity, so we're very encouraged about what we're seeing in the applied space in North America, and especially in the verticals like data centers and warehouses, education, which I mentioned on the stimulus package and then healthcare, so – and we continue to lean into aftermarket growth, which we anticipate will be up double digits and the backlog is strong. Light commercial, it was down a bit. You know it sequentially improved from the fourth quarter. So, every quarter, light commercial has been getting better, but as restaurants and retail start to open up, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing with order trends. So, it's really set up for nice growth.  We were thinking that light commercial would be up mid-single digits. It's probably going to be up around 10% this year, and what we're seeing in light commercial is strong order trends. We're seeing improved backlogs. I mean, it’s not a – it’s obviously a very easy compare, but the backlog is up 100%, and what's really encouraging is field inventory levels are down. They are down about 35%. So, it's set up for a nice rebound as we get into 2Q and beyond. 
A - David Gitlin: Yeah, we look at CHIGO as a first step of many. You know, you look at the entire VRF space and international light commercial. We see that as a $25 billion market in 2025, and the reality is if you look back in 2015, VRF, I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, but VRF was half the size of the traditional chiller market, and now they're about the same size, so you can imagine the CAGR for VRF is exponentially higher than some of the other markets, and the issue that we had is we really did not – we didn't have design capabilities and we were not really a manufacturer, and that's not what we are as an OEM, we’re not a distributor.  So, this was one of the few but important plays that we could make to become a design and manufacturing VRF player with a great operation there outside of Guangzhou in China. So very, very pleased. It gets us to become a more meaningful player.  We've been clear that we do have partnerships with folks like Toshiba, with Midea that we're very proud of. I mean these go back decades, and they are great partners. Are there opportunities to more optimize those into win-win relationships? We frankly believe that there are, and we’re in very constructive discussions with those partners, but we see the CHIGO acquisition enabling that to not only be a player for China, but for it to being a global player. 
A - David Gitlin: Yeah Jeff, the way we try to -- we try to take a very strict and disciplined definition, which is these are sales that we would not have gotten prior to the focus on really Healthy Buildings. So, a lot of the IAQ-type offerings that really became much more prevalent when the pandemic hit, we really put that in the healthy building $500 million pipeline that I talked about.  So, examples would include OptiClean, you know we have orders for more than 30,000 OptiClean units, and we put that in the Healthy Building category. When we sell upgrades that are really driven by filtration or UV lights, we put that in there, and you know we're really, really excited about the new Abound offering.  You know Bobby George and the team have been working on this with almost a skunk works type group over the last six months or so to come out with a differentiated digital offering and that will be a big enabler for Healthy Buildings, because what it'll do is it'll make it visible to the end consumer, how safe and healthy is the indoor environment.  You know, we think about it like an Intel Inside strategy, where you start to have end consumers ask for certain chips in their PCs. What we're going to see is certain consumers having expectations that before they make a restaurant reservation or go into a commercial office building or come back into crowded indoor spaces, they're going to have an expectation that they can see the health of the indoor environment, and that the building manager is taking steps to mitigate any anomalies with that, and that’s exactly what Abound will enable, so we will put Abound subscription sales in the Healthy Building category as well. 
Jeff Hammond: Just a clarification on North America applied, how much of that was the watch item more of the supply issue versus kind of demand still being choppy there. 
Jeff Hammond: Okay, and then any supply chain issues leaking into the transport piece. We've heard a lot about just truck, but anything you are seeing in transport. 
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then if I could just sneak one more in. Maybe just you know we are kind of through a lot of the pandemic, reopening, demand seems to be inflecting here. And just beyond, maybe just the minority interest stakes, how are you thinking about portfolio reshaping at a bigger level in some of the businesses that maybe don't fit longer term? Thanks. 
