David Gitlin: Thanks, Patrick. We have delivered very solid performance year-to-date and remain confident in our ability to close out another strong year. Demand for our innovative products remains healthy, and I'm excited for the opportunities that we have in front of us. With that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Sure. Well, let me start, and then Patrick can add some color. I would say that as we've looked under the covers at Toshiba, we're even more encouraged by what we see in the opportunity. I think one slight disappointment was price cost. I think we should have reacted. The company should have reacted a little bit earlier in the year to some of the cost headwinds that we were seeing. So when we closed on the deal, we did have to come in and raise prices. But we are also -- as we said, we were going to be aggressive on the cost side. We talked about $100 million of run rate synergies. And I can tell you there's opportunity on top of that. The team is going to drive that extremely aggressively. And I think the most exciting thing, as you look at the integration of the businesses, the VRF business is fundamentally a heat pump business. It's going to help us with our growth, not only in Asia, but in also in Europe. So really differentiated products. The integration with the team has gone extremely well. And I think in terms of margins, if you fast forward out five years or so, I think you're looking at an EBIT ROS that's in the mid-teens.
David Gitlin: Yes. I think that our -- we've been watching that this very tricky balance between movement, inventory levels and the cutover quite carefully. Movement was down kind of mid-single digits in the quarter. Our key objective working very, very carefully with our channel partners is to make sure that we end this year with inventory imbalance. That's something that's very important to our channel partners and to us and I'm confident that we will. The cutover to the new SEER units has actually gone extremely well. And as you know, Jeff, we took a much more aggressive approach to drive more value add into the product. So we're now 100% cutover to the new product in the south. We'll be 100% cutover to the new products here as we get in about a month from now for the north. So that cutover is going very well. almost all of the new product will be shipped next year, and that's at about a 10% to 15% price premium. So I think we're trying to manage that inventory balance, and we're still sitting on around 4 months of backlog when usually we'd have 4 weeks. So we're carefully monitoring the fluid situation, but we feel confident where we are right now.
David Gitlin: Yes. I would say, Nigel, that if you look over the last 12 months, I think it's clear we picked up, I don't know, 30 or so bps of share. So I think that our position in heat pumps has helped that. And I do think that on the flip side, we are working again with our channel partners to manage their inventory levels as they head into next year. I think at a high level, when you look at overall resi for the first -- for the third quarter, we had good price. We're sitting on backlog. We're managing the cutover. We're watching movement in field inventories. But we do get, as you know, and I'm answering kind of more broadly, Nigel than your heat pump question, but we get a lot of questions about resi overall. And just a bit of a reminder for folks is that some perspective, it's, say, 20%, 25% of our sales. And I think the thing, as we look at next year that will be most acutely under pressure will be the residential new construction piece. That's a quarter of the residential business. So that means it's about 5% of our total business, which means that if that residential new construction piece, just pick a number, was down 10%, that would impact our top line by 0.5%. And then you have these countervailing things like what you're bringing up, which is we have a number of positive mix stories, which is the shift to heat pumps. It's whether it's cooling only to heat pumps where we're doing particularly well, especially because we have outside share in Florida in places in the South. We have the new SEER units coming in. And then we also have, depending on how the inflation reduction act plays out, you have the heat pump mix from entry level to higher efficiency. So we are watching some of the concerns around volume overall, but there are some I guess, encouraging counterforces that should position us well as we go into next year.
David Gitlin: Yes, Julian, it's kind of a mixed bag for us in Europe. And first, I just mentioned for context, it's about 20% of our total sales. You'll recall when we had Chubb and before Toshiba was closer to 27%. So our exposure to Europe is down from what it was a year ago. Having said that, we have been pleased with the orders in key parts of our business. Commercial HVAC, fire and security have done quite well on orders in Europe. The things we watch, as you said, is really on the refrigeration side in both European truck trailer and CCR. The European truck trailer, I think that -- our sense is, as of right now, our lead times have increased a bit because of supply chain. So our customers are pretty well booked for the coming months. So we're not as concerned right now about the orders trends because of the significant backlog as we look out some months on ETT. But of course, that's something we have to keep an eye on. Clearly, the CCR piece is down. Some of our customers there are surely affected by some of the energy prices. So that was down in part because of the market, I think, in part because we are going to great lengths to improve our margins. So there's probably a bit of a mix in there, but Too early to say that's a trend, but there are a couple of watch areas for sure there.
David Gitlin: Well, Dean, K-12 is clearly helping. And I think there's going to be impetus for them to continue to pick up the rate of spend in K-12. So orders year-to-date in K-12 up 35%. And I'll tell you a chunk of that has to do with this drive for healthy buildings. We now sit on a pipeline of $900 million, it's up 40%. But we signed -- I can't mention the name of the customer, but we have a customer in particular that's a really respected key scale technology customer [Audio Gap] that is encouraging people to come back to the office. And as they do that, they have 100 office buildings that are going to be putting Abound in part, they want to use it to give their employees confidence as they come back to the office around the indoor air quality. They're going to put the monitors in the lobbies. We're going to work to try to make it mobile accessibility. So you can see the healthy indoor air quality metrics on your phone. We're working with them on that. So we're starting to see more and more demand. We had a nice win in China. It was about a $5 million win. We had an exhibition center there that had new air handling units where there's a big focus in China. ALC, our controls business has done well. They had a key win in Georgia with a lot of IAQ solutions. So honestly, Dean, I think it's a trend that's here to stay.
David Gitlin: Yes, yes, I'm sorry. But look, we said that we were going to improve our attachment rate by percentage points a year, and that would put us at year-end in the low 40s. And I just think we continue to drive the playbook, where when it comes off warranty, we are there to get a long-term agreement. And we continue to see traction as we add salespeople in the right cities, in the right locations with the right digitally enabled offering. So we're pleased with the progress. We take a very strict interpretation of what we call an attachment rate because if we look at -- after we sell a chiller, do we get predictable sales, that's 100% of the time. If that's what the definition is that we want to use, it's 100% because we always get parts sales, we always get service to it. We always get a certain amount of sales. We want a long-term agreement that's sticky, that's recurring revenues, and that's the definition we use, and that under the BluEdge paybook is growing 5 percentage points a year. And the other one we really look at is total chillers under some form of LTA, and that's growing 10,000 chillers a year, and that will be 7,000 by year-end.
David Gitlin: Well, let me tell you what we're seeing, Joe, is that you mentioned the 7 quarters of double-digit orders growth. And the nice thing is that it's across the globe. North American was up something like 20%. China was up double digits. Asia-Pacific outside of China was up close to 20%. Europe was up double digits. So it's pretty broad-based. Certain verticals do better than others, but K-12, health care, data centers, some of the industrial areas, especially even in China, where we pivoted from property to industrial, very purposefully there. They continue to be quite positive. So we're quite well booked for next year in commercial HVAC, where our backlog is up 30% year-over-year. Healthy buildings is strong, as we said, the shift to sustainability and the focus there is strong. So -- and the other thing I would mention is that ABI, as you know, Joe, is a nice leading indicator. And that's been above 50% now for 20 months straight, toggles between 52%, 53%, 54%, but for it to be above 50% for 20 months in a row, is encouraging. And then we have a lot of investments around Abound that's going to create a lot of pull for long-term sticky revenues, but also some of our products. So I would tell you on see HVAC and of course, the same is true for light commercial encouraging trends.
David Gitlin: Well, there's a couple of things at play. I would say three things. You have the Inflation Reduction Act you have the infrastructure bill. And then you have what's happening in K-12. If we start with K-12, the ESR funds, they've only spent very little of the $190 billion that's been allocated towards the school. So I do expect as strong as our orders have been that spending continue to pick up, which, of course, regardless of economic cycles, government-funded spending on K-12 should withstand whatever happens in the broader economy. So that's encouraging. On the Inflation Reduction Act, the big thing that will play out over the next couple of months is whether the $2,000 a year incentive applies to both the kind of the mid-tier SEER units as well as sort of the higher-end SEER. If that happens, I think you're going to see a very broad-based upgrading from your entry-level heat pumps to that mid-tier heat pumps, which would be obviously good for the planet, good for our customers' energy bills and frankly, good for us as well. And then just the broader Infrastructure Act has provided some tailwind as well. And then we see similar things happening in Europe. So I think regulation and incentives is very thematic for us. That does help during different economic cycles.
David Gitlin: I would say it's early to say. We're -- as you know, we're coming off some really strong years there. So it's something that we're going to have to watch because there's just a lot of moving parts in the system. You have these 3 different mix changes that are playing out, the mix of the higher sear, the mix from cooling only to heat pumps, the mix from potentially entry-level heat pumps to the higher efficiency one. And then you have all those underlying trends that we've seen that in some respects, continue to go into '23, like people working from home and in some cases, mixing up. Will there be some volume pressures on the replacement market potentially on the volume side, but there's a lot of things that whether you put it in price or mix are a tailwind. So it's a bit -- it's a bit early to say exactly what's going to happen on the volume side for the replacement side.
David Gitlin: Yes, I would tell you that we've all had our challenges. I don't want to pretend that we've been challenged for you. And you saw that kind of in the second quarter I would say that we have seen material progress. When we're seeing orders up 50%, we're seeing sales up 25%, which we saw in the third quarter. We're very, very well positioned there. I think if you look over a 12-, 24-month period, I think folks would agree that we've taken share. And we continue I think the benefit from not only some operational performance, but we've introduced a new product that is 40% more efficient than the one that it replaced. So I think new product a little bit of continuous improvement on the operations side. It puts us in a position for like commercial, Steve, where our backlog is at record levels. Patrick said it in the script, but our backlog is up 3.5x versus the third quarter of last year. So that does position us well, obviously, for 4Q, but as we head into next year.
David Gitlin: It's a --Yes, it's fluid, as you just said, Steve. I mean, containers definitely a watch item. I mean the container piece of the business that we are dealing with really tough comps because last year was a record year. And this year, we did see -- we expected it but Q3 was down something like 20%. So container, we continue to watch. We've gotten some recent orders, but it's something that we do have to watch. NATT was up strong, high teens. And as Patrick said in his script, we can't really look at the strong orders in the third quarter. We have to look at it kind of year-to-date, where I think it was up in European truck/trailer, you look at that and the orders were down, but I mentioned the very strong backlog position. So it's a little bit early to say, but we know there's broader economic concerns in Europe. So too early to say there. And I think a real positive helping transport is this shift to link in our Sensitech business doing quite well. So the good news is global truck trailer, our backlog is up 15% year-over-year. I saw the same stuff you just mentioned with ACT taking down some of their numbers for next year, but it would still would be positive over this year for NATT, and we're sitting on good backlog. So a bit early to say, but it's something that we are sitting on a strong backlog.
David Gitlin: Okay. Well, listen, I just want to close by saying thanks to all of you on the call, and thanks to the Carrier team. If you look at things over the last couple of years, this team has gone through the same kind of macro challenges all of our peers have gone through with COVID supply chain challenges. But I can tell you through a person that our 55,000 people come in every day determined to be best in class in everything we do and we're seeing it in our results. And I know there's certain folks have anxiety as they look at '23. We have optimism because of this great team. So thank you, everyone. And of course, Sam is available.
Patrick Goris: Jeff, on the absorption, yes, there is a little bit of a headwind there. And I'd say that extends to some of the other segments as well. We just want to make sure that we exit the year with appropriate levels of inventory. So in some of our facilities, we'll take a little bit more downtime than we expected just a couple of months ago.
Patrick Goris: We started selling them in, I believe, it was July, Nigel. So I think, yes, we worked on this we've worked on this for a long period of time, and we're there. So I don't see that at all as a headwind to our performance in our facilities. Maybe a couple of questions or a couple of points to the question you had about heat pumps. We believe we are the number one in U.S. resi heat pumps. As we mentioned, sales up 30% year-over-year in the quarter. really well positioned there. We believe we're number one in Europe, commercial HVAC each pumps. We mentioned there up 30% in the quarter. And then, of course, with the TCC acquisition, we even further strengthened our heat pump position that we can benefit from not only in Asia, but also in Europe with the residential opportunity over there.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Nigel -- sorry, Julian Patrick here. You're right. For Q4, we expect organic growth to be high single digits. A little bit down from what we reported in Q3 for our organic growth. In terms of volumes, versus price in Q4. Again, we expect volume to be about flattish. So most of the organic sales growth driven by price. And actually, we do expect to have some volume growth in HVAC in the fourth quarter of the year, very modest.
Patrick Goris: Generally, we would expect to have seen continued growth in commercial, in light commercial 2 businesses that are doing really well with strong backlog. We would expect again to have volume within resi to be flat to slightly down.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Joe. The price growth impact to margins in the quarter was unfavorable 30 basis points. But from a dollar perspective, it was a favorable thing, give or take, about $50 million in Q3 alone. With respect to carryover based on prices that we have already implemented, we would expect carryover next year to be several hundred million dollars. At the same time, I'll have to say though that we would also expect some carryover inflation next year, especially inflation related to purchases where we have material pricing formulas. There is a little bit of a lag there. So the net impact to the P&L, the price cost called for next year will be lower than just a few hundred million dollars of good news. Of course, we continue to target price cost neutral at worst. And I'll also say that for next year, of course, what we're looking forward to is a potential good impact from commodity cost tailwinds.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Tommy. So let me start by talking about productivity for this year. We started out by saying that we would target $300 million in productivity, and that remains our target for the year. And frankly, we're on a path to achieve that for the full year. Now in case of a potential recession, a couple of things. One is -- we continue to have tremendous opportunity to take cost out of our system, whether it's our factory footprint, whether this is from a sourcing point of view, we still have way too many vendors that we intend to consolidate over time or G&A opportunity. In addition, I will say that what we've been struggling with the last year or 1.5 years is tremendous inefficiencies in our factories, shortages of parts, causing inefficient manufacturing operations, expedited freight, logistics, wherever we look, we probably have significant pockets where we are less efficient now than we were two years ago or maybe even three years ago. So if there would be a downturn, not only would we expect to continue to go after cost that we see today, we would expect to get back to much higher levels of efficiency in some of our facilities. And then, of course, what we have not talked about, which is the whole price/cost equation. We expect -- we -- of course, we see important input costs come down. We don't see a significant impact on this year just because of our hedged or our lock positions. But clearly, in an environment where we might see a revenue decline. We would expect commodity input costs to further go down, and we would expect to benefit from that as we've been very clear that we would have no intention of giving up price.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about it, Tommy, is from a capital deployment priority point of view, very clear and no change. Funding organic growth in organic, for example, what we've done with TCC, a growing and sustainable dividend and then share repurchases. You mentioned $1.4 billion of free cash this year, so we're counting on a big last quarter of the year that is not unheard of. And as of today, we have $3 billion in cash. And all in, we expect to end the year with about $3.3 billion in cash. In terms of the new authorization. So in addition to the -- what's remaining of the prior authorization, we have about $2.3 billion left for share repurchases. Think about that authorization taking us through all of 2023 and into 2024. And the way we're thinking about this, obviously, is depending on opportunities for M&A or what the share price does or, of course, the general macro outlook, we'll either lean in more or we'll pull back a little bit. We have plenty of flexibility there.
Patrick Goris: Yes. We touched a little bit on that on the potential tailwind from the commodity. But as Dave said, it's significant. It's too early for us to quantify.
Steve Tusa: Just on the kind of the market call for next year, so you mentioned new housing being down and I guess you didn't really touch on 
Steve Tusa: Yes. Got it. Yes. So that's kind of like looks pretty likely given what we're seeing in the data, right? But you didn't say that, True. What should
Steve Tusa: And then just on like commercial, it looks like Lynx bounced back a little bit in their production, but we're hearing the train is now having materially extended lead times. Where is -- I assume you guys feel like you're taking market share there. And is are we right that there's still some choppiness in that supply chain, perhaps or others? You guys look like you're kind of scaling through that unlike commercial.
