Dave Gitlin: Thanks, Tim. So what does this mean for our expectations for the full year? For our scenario planning in this uncertain global economy, we looked at three key indicators to frame our thinking. First, macroeconomic projections like GDP. Second, indicators more directly tied to our business like new housing starts. And third order trends. At a macro level, starting with GDP, our current guidepost for 2020 assume U.S. GDP declines about 25% in the second quarter, and 5% to 10% for the full year. Expectations for Europe are similar. We assume China shows growth in Q2 and accelerates from there. When we look at macro indicators specific to our segments, we assume headwinds from lower replacement volumes as unemployment rates impact home owner purchases. U.S. Housing starts being down 10% to 20% this year and continued softness in non-resi construction starts in North America and Europe, as we see from leading indicators like the architectural billing index. And in our refrigeration business, the forecast declines in North America and Europe truck trailer will be even steeper than we had originally forecasted. ACT forecast North American truck trailer production to be down 45% this year, and European truck trailer is likely to be down 20% to 30%. Container drops are likely to be far more muted. So then on Page 8, let me share some color with you on orders. We start with our China experience. Q1 orders were down 40% year-over-year with February being the lowest month down 50%. In the category of good news, the China recovery has been very positive. Our daily order rates returned to pre-crisis levels in mid-April, and our April orders in China were flat overall. The recovery has been a bit spotty and one month doesn't make a trend, but for us, China's decline and then its recovery were both quite steep. Our current thinking about the U.S. and EU is that the decline will be a bit shallower, but the recovery will be longer. For us, orders declined earlier in the EU than in the U.S. but we also expect an early recovery. Orders in 1Q were down 10% in Europe, but were down 5% in the U.S., and that accelerated into April with Europe down 30% and the U.S. down 25%. Based on a slower recovery in the EU and U.S. versus China, our internal planning assumes recovery of orders to more typical levels as we get into later 3Q and early Q4. So what does this all mean as we frame 2020, turning to Slide 9. You could think of the numbers that you see here as guideposts, as we look at various scenarios playing out globally. We see sales between $15 billion to $17 billion, adjusted our profit between $1.7 billion and $2 billion and free cash flow over $1 billion. Also, with respect to the scenarios behind the sales decline for the whole company, you should think about the HVAC segment declined fairly aligned with the percentage range that you see here, with refrigeration facing a bit more headwind and F&S expected to be a bit at the better end of the range. Given that 80% of our sales are in the U.S. and Europe, we expect the steepest declines to occur in 2Q with improvements from there. So, we’ve done our best to analyze the rest of the year for ourselves and for you, and we will continue to update you as this very fluid situation evolves. And though the coming months are inherently uncertain, what I do know with great confidence is that we'll get through this crisis. And over the long-term mega trends such as climate change, global urbanization, and the shift towards digitalization and operating in the new normal will remain tailwinds for our business. And this takes me to our last page, on Page 10. We remain confident, that the game plan that we laid out for you on February 10 will drive the results that you see here. We are getting real traction on the three pillars of our topline strategy which will propel sustained mid-single digit topline growth. We are tenaciously driving Carrier 600 to invest in growth and to help drive margin expansion to enable high-single digit EPS growth on a steady state basis. And we are laser focused on driving working capital improvements needed to support free cash flow equal to net income. We have a clear roadmap to success. We remain committed to executing on our plan with urgency, conviction, and effectiveness. And with that we'll open this up for questions.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. On the price side, Steve, we're still looking at overall price tailwind, but it's going to be minor. It's going to be in the range of $4 million. We actually sell $4 million in the first quarter, it's probably $20 million for the full year. Keep in mind, we're coming off a couple of years of a lot of price tailwind. It was north of $200 million in 2018. It was closer to $175 million last year. But we do think there's going to be a little bit more price challenges in the overall system, but we're still looking at some net tailwind from price. And then Tim took you through the cost side. We're going to be very aggressive. You saw that we upped our Carrier 600 for this year from $175 million to $225 million. We're being very aggressive, especially on the supply chain side where we got some tailwind from commodity pricing, but a lot of aggressiveness on the negotiations and resourcing activity. And we're also certainly seeing a lot of headwind in factory productivity. But we are really going after G&A in this climate.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. Steve, it’d Dave. First of all, its net debt that 4x multiple. And also like Tim said, behind the scenes we are working it. So I think we're in pretty good shape, we're managing it quite well.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. I would say Nigel, it's probably more of a push. We did scale back on investments like automation. We're really focused on keeping the shops running. So to have industrial engineers in the shop, figuring out how to implement automation is not ideal timing, so we did push some of our automation spend. We are doing ERP consolidation. We pushed that to the right. So a lot of the discretionary actions like that that don't necessarily affect growth, we have pushed out. We've been pretty tenacious at preserving investments that affect our growth agenda. So our view is that, like an outfielder, it's easier to run forward than backward. We came out, we were aggressive, we saw what was happening, we've made the right cuts to the budget. We'll see how the year progresses. If things open up a little bit, we'll pull some of the investments we pushed out into next year, we'll pull back into this year. But we've really gone to great lengths to preserve investments that have the highest payback that are going to protect our growth agenda.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. Look, it's probably down in the 15% range or so, as we look at it. There were 3.8 million Americans last month that did not pay their mortgages. So, it's going to be a tough climate for at least a while. But where there's demand, there's demand. And there may be a little bit of movement to a little bit more parts by for the next few months to replacement. We haven't actually seen that just yet. But we do think there's going to be a little bit of headwind on the replacement cycle. But, we'll see as we get into the summer months, if employment, of course, the numbers remain extremely challenging right now. But as folks come back to work and society starts to reopen, we'll hopefully start to see a little bit more traction there.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. Jeff, when you look at productivity, it was a key element and it is a key element of Carrier 600. But I will tell you that only a piece of that is automation. There's another piece that just comes from really application, the carrier operating system. So, it will have a short-term impact. I actually think what you're going to see with the new normal, is you're going to see people leaning more forward on automation as you get out into the end of this year and into future years. So look, we're going to free up the investments on automation as we get towards the end of this year into next year, because I think it's going to be really critical to our overall story. We hadn't really baked ERP consolidations into our overall cost savings numbers. So, I don't see that impacting Carrier 600. It impacts overall productivity and some of the manual nature of what we do. But we'll have to catch up to those investments next year.
Dave Gitlin: Well, it is early. A couple of months doesn't make a trend. But look, I'm confident, I've always been confident in the Carrier 600 number, and I think there's room to overdrive it. But we'll see how the rest of the year plays out and we'll update that as we get out to the end of this year.
Dave Gitlin: Well, thanks Deane for the question. Actually, it's absolutely underway. We've been in discussions and we've actually seen real progress with customers, whether it's the State of Florida or with hospitals where we've distributed our new OptiClean negative air machines. We're coming out of the gates fast on this one, because we believe it's critical, not only for our business but it's critical for society. There are a shockingly number, high-number of sick buildings out there. And one of the characteristics of a sick building is the ventilation system. You look at the room I'm in right now, you would expect a certain number of air changes per hour, say in the 10 to 15 range. And many buildings around the world have staggered in there and they don't have the number of changes per hour. You look at the filtration system in many buildings as you have the returnee are going through a filtration system, you'd expect it to be able to filter out contaminants at a 0.1-0.3 micron level and many filtration systems don't have that. We have that with our electric static filters for homes, UAV or HEPA filters in commercial buildings. Many buildings don't have that. You want your ducts cleaned every three to five years and that doesn't happen. So as we look at the transition to healthy buildings, I think you should expect that Carrier's going to be front and center on that. And it's very real, and it's the same in our other two segments. You mentioned touchless, in our fire and security business, we already have a Blue Diamond app that can eliminate a lot of the touch points. Let’s say, you go from your car to your office building, there's usually eight to 10 touch points. And like I said in the earlier remarks, we can eliminate 80% of that as you go to open the turnstile or you press the elevator button or you adjusted the HVAC controls in your office or on your floor. There's a number of touch points that we can eliminate that are going to be critical. And it also is combined with the traceability elements. So as employers want to be able in the workplace to trace folks, we have an app that can commingle with the other parts of the app to be able to track people in the workplace. And the other segment that we have in our refrigeration business, the entire cold chain is going to be just foundationally and fundamentally different. So you look at how people get their food today in a place like China. And there's a significant number of wet markets and we have farmer's markets here in the U.S. and in Europe. But you're going to see a lot more home delivery of goods. The cold chain is going to be critical for that and pharmaceuticals. And we're working on some telematics and other what we believe to be quite cutting edge innovative solutions to really connect the entire cold chain. So we think we can play a real pivotal role in the new normal.
Dave Gitlin: Yes. Carter, it's Dave. Container orders have actually been pretty steady. So, we're going to see how things play out. But when we look at overall container orders, and there's been a couple of months where it's been positive, a couple of months where it's been negative. Overall, Q1 was down 7%, I believe. When we got into April, it was positive. So on balance, it's probably flat to down just low-single digits right now.
Dave Gitlin: Thanks, Gautam. This is Dave. One piece of good news is that our sequential backlog in the first quarter was up. It was up about 6% in HVAC and about a third of that in resi and two-thirds in commercial HVAC. So the backlog position did improve in the first quarter. We look at, to the extent that there is any shift from left to the right. It’s really -- we think it’s going to be relatively minor. We’re talking a month here and there. We feel that there are some construction sites that once they come back on there’s going to be really some pent up demand. Our experience in China was this, that after folks came back from the Lunar New Year, that was factories were allowed to open February 10. Basically all of our factories, they were generally on line as you got into that February 20, timeframe. We had the backlog and we started to ship the backlog. What followed was a lot of the construction sites that had the migrant workers in China, they were quarantine a little bit longer. And then they started to receive the backlog and then that was followed by new orders sticking up as we got into April. And we think it will be a similar phenomenon as the construction sites come back online in the U.S. and Europe, they'll start to take delivery of the backlog. There may be some push out a month here or there, but frankly, some places like universities or education has been taking this opportunity with folks out to actually accelerate some of the construction. So some is being accelerated, some will naturally get pushed out. But where it gets pushed out, we're talking maybe weeks or a month or two here, it's not going to be significant.
Dave Gitlin: Yes, thanks for the question. We look at -- there's a piece of the fire portfolio. You think a fire's a much bigger piece than the security piece. And there is a piece of the fire that's regulatory in nature. We look at the fire and security portfolio in two aspects. There's the products piece and then there's the Chubb [ph]. Products is about 60%, Chubb is about 40%. Within the 40% that's Chubb, you have a monitoring and installation and a services piece. And the services piece is where you do see some regulatory. And that has generally held up during this downturn better than the installation piece, which got hit pretty hard in the March timeframe into April, especially in Europe. On the product side, some of our businesses like Edwards, that's held up quite well, because there is a regulatory piece of that. And we actually saw growth increases in parts of our Edward's business and others that like GST, where we have a regulatory piece in China. Some of the security portfolio is less regulatory in nature. But what's interesting there is we are starting to see a lot more demand for some of our products that are going to be critical in this new normal. So as hotels start to think about how they're going to gear up in the new normal, we're in discussions with a number of them with our Entity [ph] system, where folks can bypass the front desk, go directly to the room and use more touchless type applications. We're seeing that with real estate brokers for our super business. So, even though, it's not regulatory, some parts of the security portfolio could be quite compelling in the new normal. And we're in some pretty interesting discussions as folks -- as some of our key customers gear up for the new normal.
Dave Gitlin: You know, quite honestly, it's hard to say, because it's even hard to generalize the U.S. and it's hard to generalize Europe. When we look at Europe, Germany has been coming on back online quite well. Recently, we see the automotive manufacturers coming back. We feel good about Germany. Spain and Italy have been coming back online over the last two to three weeks in a fairly positive way. France is more delayed. 80% of the construction sites in France are still not operational. So I think France will be lagging and probably the UK lagging behind Germany and some of the others. And you're probably going to see a bit of a mixed bag in the United States, as different states come online at different times. I think if you were to compare the two, our experience so far over the last few months is that the U.S. has generally been three to four weeks behind Europe, in terms of on the way down and on the way back up.
Dave Gitlin: Well, I'd like to thank everyone for taking the time to join us today. Please know that Sam is also ready for your questions. And we appreciate your time and attention this morning. So thank you very much.
Tim McLevish: Yes. This is Tim, Steve. So, yes. We do have a covenant that covers both our revolving credit agreement and our term loan. And I think it's attached to the Form-10. You can see that it says that it's first measured in our third quarter, at the end of our third quarter. And the covenant is four times debt to EBITDA. According to the projections that you see in our scenario planning, we do anticipate that we will be in compliance with a covenant at that point. And we're expecting that it only gets better from there. We have some cushions, so we're not unduly concerned about that. But obviously, we want to ensure that we have liquidity. And you can assume that we're taking actions to ensure that we have access to that.
Tim McLevish: No. Let's just say we're going to make sure that we don't. I mean, obviously it would preclude us from access to revolving credit agreements. And it would put our term loan in some -- and I guess in default. But we will assure that we're not going to run into that problem. We've already in this transaction. You can be sure that we've already taken precautions. We're not going to put ourselves in jeopardy.
Tim McLevish: Yes. I would point out further to what Dave just said. Its net debt and as an EBITDA as adjusted, there are some carve outs exceptions to it. So again, we're comfortably in compliance with it. But again, we want to make sure.
Tim McLevish: No, the free cash flow is -- I mean, it's free cash flow, traditionally its operating cash flow, GAAP operating cash flow plus capital expenditures or less capital expenditures.
Tim McLevish: I think that would be directionally fair, Jeff. You recall that back in our Investor Day that we said that we would expect the $550 million dividend, and we thought that was a competitive dividend in a normal circumstance. Obviously, we're not under normal circumstances. And preservation of cash and addressing our high leverage is the high priority right now. And so we're deferring a little bit the decision and the level. I mean, in this environment, we perhaps will or we likely will consider reducing that amount and still be competitive from a yield standpoint, from a payoff standpoint. But yes, you should anticipate to hear something in the near future. But again, it's not likely to be at the same level that we talked about Investor Day.
Tim McLevish: Yes. Julian, it's Tim. As you know, we usually think of what we call a drop through rate decremental. Usually, I like to think of it as incremental, but unfortunately in this environment, we talked about decrementals. That’s about a 28%. What you saw in the first quarter actually was much favorable to that. But that was largely because we had the better part of 10 percentage points worth of benefit from cost reduction in the quarter, about $40 million lower cost. And that contributed to a much lower drop through. And interestingly, our sales in China were hit during the quarter, the hardest of ours and China tends to carry lower general margins through and we benefited by about 4%. So, that's why you see the 14%. You actually may not see the 14%, you may see a 19%. But remember, we talked about a $24 million standalone cost, that's the first quarter component of the $107 million that you ultimately see for the full year. I will also point out that I think you may have seen from UTC's released yesterday, numbers that are a little bit different. About $20 million difference in profits. So if you adjust for that there's some unusual things where it was different from most of them. You may have construed at a 24% from them. As we think about the rest of the year, again, going back to the 28%. Yes, I would say second quarter is likely to be the hardest hit quarter. And the deeper the drop in revenues, it makes it difficult. We aren't just scaling back production, we're shutting the lines down. We're closing shifts, we're in some cases, closing factories. And you go deeper into the cost pool there and I would expect that to be in the second quarter. We will experience some mix degradation, the reverse of what you saw, I mean, some of our higher margin businesses, the residential, HVAC and others will be hit. How I simply think about rest of year, decrementals though, is that we’ll be hit by two or three points with JV income, because there's no offsetting revenue component to the drop in earnings that we're anticipating. And then all other of the costs, the factory disruption, et cetera, is largely covered that, and the margin mix is covered by our cost reduction. So we anticipate, if you look at the projections we’ll probably be about 30%, couple points worse than the normal 28%.
Tim McLevish: Well, it's still intention to maintain investment grade. We’ve been in conversations with the agencies. As I said, they’ve recognized that short-term liquidity is critically important in this crisis situation with the uncertainty about the economy. We've been in regular discussions with them and I think they are supportive of our game plan. And I think we'll be just fine.
Tim McLevish: Yes. I would generally – again, a lot of the recovery from a higher decremental came from the costs actions that we identified as a kind of this year impact. Again, Carrier 600 is kind of separate from that. We took these to offset the higher decrementals with the disruption and so forth. So I would expect that we should be coming out of this as we increment back up at a similar rate 28% give or take 1% or 2%.
Tim McLevish: No. When you think about supply chain, we've talked about 55% of these savings will come from supply chain. And we're still on that level. It's going well. Remember, David said, there's probably 6,000 suppliers and we're going to consolidate, probably cut it in half. And as we become more meaningful, we're able to partner better, we get some better pricing, we get some better terms. That's a big, big component of it. And that's tracking very well.
Tim McLevish: Yes. So I’d just go down on the charts to the $425 million. The Carrier 600 and the $50 million incremental will be a structural that will be enduring. The investment, if you recall, we said that our investment this year originally was going to be $150 million. We expected it to scale back to an incremental $100 million next year and then $50 million before we will go back to normal. This $75 million that we pulled out will be pushed in, likely invested next year, so kind of push out that schedule a little bit. And the $300 million is really one time action, that was furloughing, most all of our salaried employees, it was deferring merit, it was cutting back on. Obviously, it wasn't hard to cut back on travel because there wasn't any travel anyway, but it's reducing services, supplies, et cetera. That will likely -- I mean it won't be caught up, but it is not a structural change, it will come back.
