David Gitlin: I would call it more de-risked, but it's also about 15% to 20% growth in the second half over the first half. So we had said that previously, but now we're coming off of a lower base. I think in terms of the typical seasonality, as we start getting into the heating months, we went back a number of years and that number of 15% to 20% is true almost over 90% of the time. So we are -- we do think we've de-risked the forecast for the rest of the year. We do need to see this as we start thinking about '25, what we're really looking at is this inflection point. As we get closer to October, which in Germany is when the subsidies start paying back, we'd like to see orders pick up at the very end of August, leading into September and start building that orders pipeline that gives us the kind of growth that we'll expect for next year, but we do feel balanced for the revised forecast for this year.
David Gitlin: Yes. We did get share in -- if I think about U.S. resi, we've gotten about 120 bps of share on a 12-month roll. So to see orders up over 100% is obviously significant. But as Patrick said, if you take out orders that were a little bit beyond our lead time that go into 4Q, they still would have been up about 60%. So really good order trends that we're seeing in resi that position us well for that high-single digit, maybe 10% or so growth for this year for resi. When we look at commercial HVAC, it was strong, particularly in the Americas and in Europe. Commercial HVAC was up over 40% in the Americas, up close to 20% in EMEA and Asia Pac it was up low-single digits. And a lot of that was data centers, but some other verticals remain strong there as well, things like higher edge and health care have been strong for us. And K-12 has been particularly strong. And that helped us in light commercial, where we saw the first positive orders there that we've seen in some time.
David Gitlin: No. It's just because I do think our distributors are trying to figure out what they want on the shelf at the end of this year, leading into next. And with our -- we put in place a fairly disciplined PSYOP process. So all that really is, is just talking to them about reality. What do you guys feel like you need this year and then we can plan our factories accordingly. So it's all about production planning.
David Gitlin: Yes. I think when we look at 4Q, we'll be -- our expectation is we'll be flattish to 4Q of last year. It might be up 1% or so.
David Gitlin: It's going to most likely go to a sponsor. So we don't see any real regulatory issues. So we think the time between sign and close should be pretty brief.
David Gitlin: Yes, we think there's going to be lower 454B this year than we had previously said. We thought it could be closer to 20%. I think it's going to be less than 10%, maybe closer to 5% this year. I don't think a lot of our distributors and dealers are in a major rush to put in the 454B. We have our initial units out there. We're starting with the residential new construction piece because they're not going to want mixed developments. But we think that as you get into next year, it's probably closer to 80% will be maybe a bit more than that 454B, but probably only about 5% this year.
David Gitlin: Sure. I mean we are very enthusiastic about the data center opportunity. It's actually the first time that we put together an entire program team led by Christian Sanu [ph] here with a dedicated team focused just on this vertical, whether it's operations, technical, aftermarket support, everything we need to do to not only secure the orders, but then equally, if not more importantly, is support our customers. So we had a big order in 2Q that we had mentioned and with the same customer, they actually ended up adding a bit more to it. We are in discussions with the other hyperscalers and colos. We have the technical offerings that we're very encouraged by and our customers are very encouraged by. I can tell you for one customer, they gave us some technical requirements that we beat. They gave us more significant technical requirements, which we then beat again. So technically, I couldn't be more proud of our engineering team and operationally, we're ramping up. We have facilities in Asia and Europe. Here in the United States, we're going to put max capacity into our Charlotte, North Carolina facility, adding capacity, multiple shifts to that. And we're building out our Mexico facility to add both air cooled and water cool chiller capacity there. So a really exciting opportunity here. We're going to win more than our fair share. And then excitingly, we're starting to build up our whole aftermarket strategy with a very unique dedicated aftermarket offering that we're going to be offering to these critical customers.
David Gitlin: Yes, Patrick and I are pointing at each other who takes it. We feel good about light commercial. I mean, we tend to -- my experience over the last two years is we tend to beat what we say we're going to do. But look, in the first quarter, we were up 20%. In the second quarter, we were up 10%. On the full-year, we're saying up low-single-digits. I think we came into the year saying down mid or so. So I think we're balanced in the second half. The verticals that have been good remain good. K-12 is still a unique opportunity. Some of the value-based retail, health care, quick-serve restaurants are still good. We see things that are soft, continue to be soft like warehouse and office space. So it's an area that we've had great technical offerings, great share gains over time. The team is performing well. We think we're calibrated for the year instead of low-single-digits, could it be up mid perhaps we'll have to see how it plays out. But continued strength, and I was happy to see that we had positive orders in the quarter. Our orders in Q2 where the first positive orders quarter we've had in something like five quarters, which was up about 5%, which was encouraging.
David Gitlin: Yes, just Nigel, just not clear how much yet. I think will the distributors go into next year with 410 on the shelf for sure. Exactly how much I think at the end of the day, it won't be that material to either this year or next year. But I do think they're starting to figure out exactly how much do they want going into next year because I think they know and the end customers know that it's going to be a 10% -- just 10% to 15% base price increase. But at the end of the day, with the guide that we've given for today, it assumes just a very modest prebuy.
David Gitlin: That's correct, Tommy. Yes, 15% to 20% over two years. Now that 15% to 20% includes our annual price increase, call it, a few percent a year. So the best -- the rest of that would be just the base price increase on the 454B, which is appropriate. I think that we're doing it. I know it seems like I've heard that just in these public calls that our peers are doing it, and it just seems like it's appropriate and that it will stick.
David Gitlin: Yes. For almost the entirety of the market, depending on -- regardless of what hyperscaler or colo you're talking about, we have the technology. We have a really broad range of offerings both on water cool in Europe and a little bit more on the air cooled side. But when you look at chillers, we have the technology, and we're adding capacity for both water cooled and air cooled in places like Charlotte and in Mexico to support the customers. I think longer term, what you're looking at is going to be the need for more liquid cooling. So we're in the middle of development for CDUs, coolant distribution units. We have a lot of the capabilities in-house to do many elements of the CDUs and also the air assisted liquid cooling units. We can do those as well. And we're offering some level of hybrid offerings between traditional and liquid cooling for customers today. And in terms of future direct to chip, we have partnership with STL, we have an investment. We're working closely with them. That's a really impressive startup that has a number of former Dell employees that we're working with. And we're also doing a lot of organic development in-house on liquid cooling. But liquid cooling is not a replacement, it's an and. And I think that combination is going to play right to our strengths.
David Gitlin: Well, it's hard to say because as of right now, the funds need to be committed by September of this year, but there's still $40 billion remaining on $190 billion. So we do know that many have applied for extensions to that. And then the funding itself under the current legislation has to be spent by March of 2026. So we still have some time. And we know that there's 30 or so states that have applied for extensions to be able to spend that money well after March of 2026. So this has been a really strong vertical for us. We continue to see strength in orders. There's a lot of funding to be spent. Probably an extension on the front end and probably an extension on the back end.
David Gitlin: Yes. We don't have a cutoff date, Steve. So we haven't formally said that you can no longer order 410A past a certain date. What we did is we just asked our distributors, look, we got to get a sense of how you're thinking about how much 410A you want for the year. So please start giving us a sense of that. So I would tell you the orders surprised us. They worked very strong in 2Q, I think what we said is if you take out the orders that we got for 4Q that normally would have come later in 3Q, they were still up 60%. Now I will tell you that when we look at the second half of the year, we are very well booked for the second half of the year on the resi side. So if you look at the sales guide up high-single-digits, you're still looking -- we have an easy compare as we get into 4Q, but we still see very strong growth as we get into sales in 4Q, partly because of the order book, partly because the inventory levels out there are very low. They're down a little over 10% year-over-year. And it's nice to see sell-in, sell-out is about equal. So any kind of debate over destocking, we feel confident that's behind us. And I would say on the 454B side, the team has done a great job de-risking that. I would say by the end of the third quarter, we will have produced our first units for every single model that we have. So we've tried to get very much out in front of that, but there has been a lot of strength. I'm sure weather helped a bit, but very strength -- very good strength in orders here in 2Q.
David Gitlin: Yes. That's what we said for the year. It's much higher in 4Q year-over-year than in 3Q. It's probably very strong multi-double-digit growth in 4Q and probably high-single-digit in 3Q. But I would say, Steve, the high-single-digits, if it's not 8% or 9%, it could be 10%, it's kind of -- there's just a lot of strength in the system, and we're going to have to see how the second half plays out. But yes, as you said, July has been good.
David Gitlin: Yes. Let me take the first one first, which is you can think about it, if you think about our new portfolio after we've completed our divestitures, overall commercial HVAC is about 25% of Carrier NewCo, and data centers are a little over 10% of that today. Next year, it's going to be closer to 15% on a higher base. So the absolute value, of course of data centers is increasing exponentially. If you look at orders this year, it's going to -- we have more orders for data centers through the first half than we had for all of last year. So our bookings have been very strong as we enter 2025, we should go into next year with an extremely strong backlog on commercial HVAC overall. It would be our -- next year would be our fifth year in a row of double-digit CHVAC growth, and a lot of that is coming from data centers. When I look at -- we get the question on how long can this continue? We're in the very, very early innings. I mean I think if you think about the hyperscalers, we've had some great wins, but we are currently bidding on a whole lot more. So I don't know if we're in the first or second inning, but it's certainly not the fourth. And the other very, very -- if you think out many years, the aftermarket is going to be significant. If you think about a typical building having three water cooled chillers in it, and now we may have data centers with 80, you think about failure is not an option. They can have no downtime. We're looking at really hyperscale type agreements with parts, with real-time monitoring, technicians on site. So we're thinking about solutions for our hyperscale customers that are very unique that should position us for growth for many years after the initial sales.
David Gitlin: No, all good competitors, and I don't see any material change to the landscape. Bosch buying JCI's business, Bosch is a great competitor. They're a rational competitor. So we don't see any concerns or issues there? And then in terms of the Lennox, Samsung partnership focus on [indiscernible] and heat pumps, that's a nice combination and both are great competitors. So we don't see a change there. I could tell you, I could not be more proud of our resi team. The margins have been great. The growth has been great. The share gains have been great, the new technology, de-risking the 454B transition, introducing differentiated products. So I love our team. I love the way they're performing, and we have great competitors, and I don't see any real change to that.
David Gitlin: Yes. We talk a lot about data centers. But between the CHIPS Act and some of these mega projects, we're positioned very well there. I mentioned that dedicated program team. It's not just data centers. It also includes the mega projects. And so our sales force, we have dedicated folks focused on the hyperscalers, the colos and the mega projects. We've had some very important activity in the bid process with some major ones. We've had some key wins as well, and we'll continue at that one. And hopefully, more to announce there, but the team is working it very well.
David Gitlin: No, we have not seen -- we watch it super carefully, and we have not seen customers opting to repair instead of replaced, no real material trend there.
David Gitlin: Yes. I mean I think what we've been seeing is heat pumps has been down quite a bit year-over-year, if we look at 2Q, we start to see a recovery as we get into 4Q on heat pumps, but boilers has been down quite a bit, too, which has been a bit of surprising. I think the big one, which is probably kind of good news, bad news is that we don't want to see solar PV down, but that's been down the most. So that was down something like 60% in Q2, it's probably down around 40% for the full-year. And again, that comes with lower margins and things like heat pumps and boilers. So we're not thrilled about it, but we'd rather have that be down than some of the higher-margin heat pumps and boilers. Now the good news is that Thomas and the team have been driving mid-teen aftermarket growth, both in 1Q and 2Q. So I have to give that team credit. It's always easy to show leadership when you have huge market tailwind. Leadership really steps up when markets turn against you for a short period of time. And that's what we've seen. But Thomas has been in that team, controlling the controllables, driving aftermarket growth, taking costs out, revenue synergies, that will end up being in the hundreds of billions of dollar range. So the uniqueness of this combination are going to withstand the test of time. So is it the right company, the right market, the right combination to be sure, and we're taking the challenges we see in the market head-on this year. And we're going to be very poised for growth as we come out of this year. So we'll take our medicine this year and come out super strong next year.
David Gitlin: We hear anecdotal things as well. But I'd rather not talk about the competitors and just talk about our customers and our team, which is that our teams -- as I mentioned, we picked up about 120 bps over the last 12 months. Our goal is having the right products at the right price when they need, what they need. And I'm confident that if we continue to do the right thing for our customers, we'll continue to see outsized growth.
David Gitlin: Okay. Well, listen, thank you all for joining us this morning. We're very pleased with the first half of this year, we're positioned well for a strong second half. '24 is a really important year for us as a team as we finalize the transition of our portfolio, and we position ourselves for sustained growth and margin expansion for years to come. So we appreciate you joining us, Sam and the team, of course, are available for questions throughout the day. And thank you again for your confidence in us.
Patrick Goris: In essence, it was very strong performance on both price and productivity in that segment. And so compared to last year, our margins, obviously, were significantly weaker. They were below 15%. This was just a quarter where price productivity, very strong compared to last year. We had a few negative one-offs last year. Also, of course, we're doing a lot of work related to stranded costs, some of that benefits in that segment as well.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Julie, a couple of comments there. The -- we expect margins to be down about 100 bps, maybe a little bit more in Q3 versus the prior year. The way you can think about it is Viessmann will remain a dilutive impact. With the exits, we're losing about $100 million of operating profit and then tax represents about a $0.06 headwind as well. And so all of that is offset by some volume pickup and then price and productivity. That continues to be strong.
Patrick Goris: Yes. We expect Q4 sales to be flat year-over-year and the outlook for margins for the full-year now, Julian, is about mid-teens for EBITDA and a few points below that for operating margin.
Patrick Goris: And compared to the prior guide, Joe, the swing in revenue for light commercial was a little less than $100 million. So from down low single-digit prior guide to now up low-single-digits. So it's a big swing that helps offset some other areas.
Patrick Goris: Yes, I'll start with the second part of your question, Nigel. So your EBITDA number is in the ballpark for VCS for the full-year. And we do expect Q3 sales to be down high teens and then Q4 to be about flat year-over-year from a revenue growth point of view for Viessmann Climate Solutions. In terms of margins for the third quarter, and I think you were specifically about -- you asked specifically about HVAC. We continue to see strong productivity that's almost -- that's over 150 bps of margin. The VCS acquisition, however, offsets that. And besides that, we see some larger investments and some currency that take us about to 100 bps lower margin for HVAC year-over-year in Q3.
Patrick Goris: Yes. If I look at the second quarter growth for HVAC, as I mentioned, I think in my comments, the Americas continued to do quite well with mid-single-digit growth. With the strongest growth there in light commercial and then in commercial HVAC. In EMEA, the growth is a little bit lower, and it's low-single-digits there. And then you have two phenomena: Commercial HVAC, also driven by data centers continues to grow pretty well, mid-teens year-over-year. And then residential and light commercial. And obviously, we see that more broadly in Europe. Residential and light commercial, where we have a business that counts towards organic is down mid-teens. And so that's kind of the dichotomy there in that region. And then Asia-Pacific, frankly is very much all about China, where China is down about mid-teens, and that's a reflection of what we see there in the broader market, including in residential and light commercial. So that's kind of an overview that of overall HVAC organic growth by region in Q2. And we expect that, of course, to pick up in the second half of the year. As we expect resi growth rates to pick up, we think the Americas will be up double-digits in the second half. EMEA and Asia-Pacific both expect to be up about high single digits in the second half of the year.
Patrick Goris: I think we're pretty much that they're part of our business where we do annual price increases. And if needed, we do more. That's more on the resi side. I don't expect anything there at this point this year. On different parts of the business like commercial HVAC, where they're really project-by-project, the pricing can be a little bit more dynamic. On the -- what you were mentioning on the commodities, obviously, we've seen copper run up a little bit earlier this year, but it's come down quite a bit. So still probably a few pennies of a headwind compared to prior guide, but we are absorbing that with other parts of our business.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So you're absolutely right. And so we're very focused on ensuring we eliminate any of these stranded costs and you may recall that earlier this year, I think at the February call, we mentioned that we proactively executed an $80 million cost reduction program to get ahead of it. That is all happening. We're doing additional actions on top of that. Some of that, you see, of course, already reflected in our margins before some of these businesses exit, but it is absolutely our intention to ensure that our overhead structure is aligned with a simpler, more focused company that we're basically transforming into. It also means that G&A will be less than '24 and beyond than it was, say, in '20 and '21. And so the S maybe up, but the G&A, we expect to be lower, and that's where we're heading.
