David Gitlin: Thanks, Patrick. We delivered strong performance in 2022, and we are targeting another strong year this year as we continue to execute and control the controllables. We continue to see opportunities to use our strong balance sheet to create value for our customers, shareholders and the planet for future generations to come. With that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Well, Julian, let me start with a little bit of color on kind of resi and what we're seeing across the mix between resi, light commercial and commercial, and then Patrick can give a little bit of color on the margins themselves. We do expect for resi in 2023. We're expecting flat sales, flattish sales, but we get there with volume being down potentially high single digits, offset by mix and price. So when you think about resi, we're looking at new construction potentially down 20%, 25%. Now remember, that's only about 20%, 25% of resi, but some of our customers are saying it could be much better than that, some were saying it's in that range.  So we'll have to see as we get into the second half of the year, but we've calibrated residential new construction down 20%, 25% and replacement down mid-single digits. We are seeing that offset that gets us the flattish sales for the year driven by mix and price. So we have some price carryover. We've just announced a new price increase of 6% that's effective in March. We're going to mix up this year, as you know, because of the new SEER units that are coming in and we are pricing 10% to 15% higher, and we're also seeing a mix up as we transition to heat pumps.  Also in the mix is that we do see a strong year for light commercial, which was, as Patrick said, up 40% in the fourth quarter, that continues to be very strong. And our backlogs in commercial with a nice mix with aftermarket of double digits, controls up double digits, helping that piece.  Patrick, maybe comment on the full year.
David Gitlin: Yes, Jeff, we had a target of getting field inventories at the end of last year, flat to where they ended '21. And they were actually a bit higher than we had targeted, not excessively higher, but just I would say, a bit higher. And we do think that there will be destocking as we go through the year. Obviously, when you're in the first quarter, there's some level of stocking that happens in anticipation of the season.  So we think the destock happens throughout the year. When we -- we actually -- it's kind of interesting. When we talk to our channel partners, there are still significant demand out there. There's what happened in Florida where we have some of our homebuilders continuously pushing on us for more products. So we have a bit of a mix taking place where there's demand for the new product. Obviously, everything in the South that we're shipping is the new product, and we started that early.  They're starting to ramp in the north to get the new SEER units. There's still demand from some of our key homebuilder customers, but we do recognize that there is some still destocking that's going to take place through the course of the year. So we'll have to see how the year plays out. You know that this business can swing based on a variety of factors, relatively quickly. So we think we've been conservative in how we've handicapped the year, and then we'll have to see how these next couple of quarters play out.
David Gitlin: Yes. I will tell you, we were in Japan and very pleased with the progress that safe and the team are making on TCC. We've said that we expect margins -- EBIT ROS margins to be in the mid-teens as we get out five years after the acquisition. We are certainly on track for that. We had said $100 million of synergies. I have a lot of confidence we're going to beat that number. And if you look -- if you kind of get rid of all the noise of getting -- eliminating the minority income that we were picking up and the integration costs. Right now, you're in the low teens. That's just a stand-alone business. So, that team is making a lot of progress. Technology, best-in-class. We talked about the rotary technology, the inverter technology. We're using that technology to penetrate the attractive residential heating space in Europe. There could be applications in North America, our prospects in China with TCC look extremely strong despite some of the macro uncertainty in China.  Japan, we've had to come in aggressive on pricing rightfully so, and we've been doing that. And there's a lot of cost takeout opportunities, especially in supply chain, where we see the team really aggressive supply chain synergies between the two companies. So very pleased so far.
David Gitlin: I'd add, Nigel, it's fluid. We came into the year. And over the last few weeks, we've announced new price increases that we feel that were appropriate. Resi announced a 6% price increase. For North America, light commercial and North American commercial, we're looking at up to 8% recent price increase. We're going to raise prices in both North American Truck Trailer, European Truck Trailer is probably in the low to mid-single-digit range.  So -- we watch inflation trends. We watch our elasticity curves, but we do think it's appropriate that we are going to need continued price increases certainly in the first half of this year.
David Gitlin: Yes. Let me start on pricing realization, a little bit of color on refrigeration, then Patrick will add to the phasing of the year. Look, our realization rate on pricing was very high last year, as you know. We came into the year thinking that we'd get $1 billion of price. And when all was said and done last year, the number was closer to $1.6 billion. So we've seen very high realization rates in pricing. And we would expect that to continue as we go into '23.  On Refrigeration, I'll tell you at a high level, you're looking at a bit of a mix bag. North American Truck Trailer has been very strong. We saw order rates in Q4 over 100%, and that's still without opening the order book effectively for the second half of this year, and they were up 40% for the full year last year.  European Truck Trailer has -- we've calibrated that business, we think, well, they performed extremely well last year. I think the thing that we're tracking in the refrigeration business is the container business, which we know was light. Patrick mentioned you're usually looking at about a four quarter cycle. We're coming off two of down sales. We expect another couple. So we expect to see that start to improve as we get in the second half of this year.  And commercial refrigeration was a bit light, but there will be pent-up demand for commercial refrigeration. Some of the supermarket chains in Europe have been squeezing their budgets. They can't do that forever. So, we do think that as we go through the year, we start to expect to see commercial refrigeration come back. And I'll tell you, I know that both us and our key peer who we have a huge amount of respect for are both claiming that we've gained a lot of share in Truck Trailer. So mathematically, that can't -- we both can't be right. But I will tell you that when we look at its customer by customer, we look at our order rates, I could tell you with huge confidence that we've gained chair in Truck Trailer in Europe and in the United States and globally.  So, we feel very good about that business, and we feel good about the snapback as we get into the second half as we start to see the recovery in container and our commercial refrigeration business.
David Gitlin: We have a huge ways to go, Josh. We -- what happened is we came out of the gate, we had good productivity than we saw over the last year, a lot of the supply chain headwinds that were fairly unexpected that really hurt a lot of industries. So now as we're starting to come out of that, I think we see significant opportunity.  What Patrick said effectively was $300 million of productivity plus 200 of price/cost positive for a total of five between those two. When we look at it, we think logistics is a big opportunity for us this year. We're starting to see rates come back to more traditional levels for containers coming from Shanghai to L.A. We see global logistics. We paid a lot in high logistics costs, in spot price for electronics, our spot price for electronics are significantly down month-over-month, quarter-over-quarter. We expect that to continue. We think there's a great opportunity with our Tier 1 suppliers. We had been very aggressive on Carrier Alliance, and then we really had to slow some of that activity because our focus became getting parts to feed the lines in the shops. And now we got to get back into our focus on having partners that we can rely on for the long term that share our desire for joint growth.  So we look at it. We see opportunities for productivity in the factories. Continued takeout of G&A. You'll recall that we used to be 9.5% as a percent of sales. We got down to 7% at the end of last year. More transfers of work to low-cost places like Europe going to Eastern Europe. And all things direct material, which is a big percentage of our direct buy. So we got away from calling a Carrier 700. We said 2% to 3% productivity forever. And we think we're in early phases of what are significant opportunities for cost takeout.
David Gitlin: Well, we look at the IRA, still kind of going through final comments. We see that getting fully implemented towards the middle of the year, but the opportunity there is very significant. You have the 25C tax credits, which can provide a homeowner up to $3,200, really looking at $2,000 for a heat pump. And what was really significant there was -- they made that in the current drafting, especially in the key parts in the South, that's eligible for the two stage heat pumps, which means that it really provides a meaningful incentive for a customer not only to shift from cooling only to heat pumps, but also to a two stage heat pump, which could be significant.  It used to be that 30% of our split sales for heat pump, we’re now at 35%. We're seeing our growth rates continue to start with [indiscernible] And you're seeing the same 30% -- 35% in North America, 30% for commercial heat pumps in Europe.  So we think that the Inflation Reduction Act will be meaningful, both in residential, but also for commercial. They doubled in that 179D [ph] they doubled the commercial building tax credit up to $2.50 to $5 per square foot for energy efficiency systems. So we think that will be meaningful as well. And then there's a whole significant amount of incentives as you get into Europe. Europe effectively dodged the bullet because of the warm winter that it had this past winter, but the supplies are not going to be what they need as they head into the winter of 2023. And that's going to drive significant demand for heat pumps in both residential, which is a space that's very attractive that we're looking to continue to penetrate. And commercial heat pumps, we're number one in Europe.
David Gitlin: Look, our priorities really center around our shift to Carrier 2.0, which is really around aftermarket enabling technologies, digital capabilities. So we have been very purposeful in our plan setting to make sure that we have plenty of investment set aside for a bound for Lynx for connecting our devices out in the field. That's been our priority. And then all things technical differentiation when it comes to more energy-efficient chillers and more energy-efficient products, electrification in both heat pumps and in our truck trailer business.  So as we do our waterline process, there are some investments that we consider sacred because it's either part of our conscious strategic shift or because of differentiation for key product lines.
David Gitlin: Yes. Look, we -- in our residential business, we went through something like six significant price increases in the span of 18 months. So I think that what we've seen over the last couple of years is an unusual pace of price increases that we've not only announced that we've also realized. We do think that as you head into '23 and to '24, you get back to more traditional levels.  But in the first half of the year, we've realized that inflation is not over. And we've had to announce further price increases in January that perhaps even a couple of months ago that we might not have anticipated because the inflationary pressures continue to be there. So it's not equal in all segments. We think we'll probably get less pricing in the container segment right now than we will in commercial, HVAC, light commercial, residential to some extent. Parts of our Fire & Security business, we probably across our brands have implemented over the last couple of weeks, 20 different price increases depending on the segment within Fire & Security and the brand.  So we'll watch it, but we've -- in the first half of the year, we believe that the inflationary pressures are still there, and we need to price accordingly.
David Gitlin: Yes. I'll start, Steve, with light commercial. Light commercial has just been extremely strong. We saw orders were up in the mid-teens in the fourth quarter. If you look at overall 2022, orders were up 45% And demand is still strong for things like K-12, value retail, fast casual and quick serve restaurants. So -- all trends seem extremely positive. The issue we have continues to be with light commercial keeping up demand, where we're implementing second-line second shift. And our focus is in our customers. The issue we have right now as far as the I can see, is not a demand one in light commercial. On the Transport side, orders were up extremely strong in the fourth quarter in North America, even with us trying to control opening the order book for the second half of '23. North American orders were up 2x, North American Truck Trailer. Europe Truck Trailer was down a bit.  I would say mid- to high single digits, I believe. We have, of course, seen orders very light in the container space, which is why we've calibrated that business down, certainly in the first half of the year. But -- what's really encouraging is the North American Truck Trailer piece, the demand remaining very robust there.
David Gitlin: Well, it's a good question, Steve. Yes, we try to calibrate it what I would say conservatively, now we'll have to see when all is said and done, if it turned out to be conservative, but we put volumes down high single digits for the year with -- when we looked at it, we said new home construction down 20%, 25%. I -- we have a couple of customers in particular that on their earnings call said that they expect to get to flattish for the year.  So will the industry be down 20% to 25%, perhaps we have outside share in the industry. So in many respects, we should go the way of the industry. But there's a wide range of outcomes there where could it be flat? Could it be down 30%? Who knows anywhere in that. But again, that's 20%, 25% of our residential business, the new home construction. And then on the market, you've been around this longer than I have, but that can swing very significantly in a short cycle business because it's fundamentally a replacement business.  And a few hot weeks in the summer, you're going to see demand really pick up significantly. So we think we calibrated volume correctly there, but we'll have to see how the rest of the first half plays out. Again, tough comps in the first quarter. But even just yesterday, we were doing a review of the resi and demand is -- continues to be there from many of our key customers and some of our issues are just continuing to keep up with that demand.
David Gitlin: Yes, second half of the year. So we looked at it. We're just now opening our order book for the second half of the year.
David Gitlin: Now. I think we might have taken on discrete order for Q3 in Q4 for a specific reason. But basically, we only opened our order book now for the second half.
David Gitlin: Well, I know they're not raw materials, but we do see -- on that piece, we should see some benefit. They've been swinging quite a bit. I know that's not the heart of your question, but we sort of block ourselves on the steel piece, which should be down from last year. Patrick mentioned, we had the hangover from really good pricing in the first quarter of last year on steel.  So as we get out of 1Q, we see the benefit of that. Copper and aluminum down from last year. We did see a bit of an increase recently, but we still expect year-over-year benefit. And then what we're going to see with our Tier one’s is, you probably have two categories. You have some that have gotten a fair amount of inflation from us and our peers over the last 12 months that we'll continue to try to push inflation. Then you'll have some that are thinking for the long term and trying to build long-term relationships with us and that we won't get the level of inflation because they will look at trying to take volume from those that continue to push inflation.  So for those that really want to be on the journey with us for the long term, they will be the beneficiary volume that we will shift from those that are continuing to push inflation our way. So net-net, it is our job, and I think our opportunity to really start to make a very conscious shift of our supply chain partners. And we were on that path. We had to pause it a little bit because of some of the supply chain challenges we saw last year. But I can tell you for sure, we're going to get back on that path in a very aggressive way here as we go into '23.
David Gitlin: Sticky. Yes. We have very high confidence that, that 10% to 15% for the new units will be sticky. It's been sticky thus far. We think it will remain sticky as we go through '23 and beyond. And look, we've all taken slightly different approaches. We took the approach for the unit to do more redesign rather than less and look for more differentiation, and we've done that.  We've driven more of a copper to aluminum shift. We've driven a microchannel heat exchanger. We've done a lot of aesthetic and fit and spacing and size. So we've done a lot to make that our new SEER unit, a very, very attractive and differentiated -- And one of the big things will be some of the control features as well. So we think that because of the value we're offering and because of what the customer is getting, we think the pricing will be sticky.
David Gitlin: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining. We're excited about how we closed last year and even more excited about '23. And with that, we'll close the call, and please reach out to Sam for any questions. Thank you all.
Patrick Goris: Julian, good morning. Patrick here. The margins in Q1, we expect them to be down about 200 basis points, and there really three elements to it: One, acquisitions, and that is HVAC specific, expected to add over $500 million of revenue, but with very little operating profit contribution. Two, volume mix, as I mentioned, is expected to be down in the first quarter. That's not -- that is really not just in residential HVAC, but is also impacting, of course, the refrigeration segment.  That's the secondary contribution to the 200 bps or so margin contraction in Q1. The third element is price cost. We expect price cost to be close to neutral in Q1, which actually is a headwind to margin -- margins in the first quarter. And that is across the three segments. So that gets to about a 200 bps margin contraction in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we would expect to return to year-over-year EPS growth.
Patrick Goris: Yes. On the margins, Julian, we're comfortable with the margin outlook for HVAC in 2023 of about 15%. Dave mentioned about aftermarket. But I did also mention that price cost is expected to be a tailwind for us of $200 million in the year. That dials in some benefits from what we call deflation. A lot of that sits in the HVAC segment.  In addition, I mentioned that we're focused on delivering another $300 million of productivity in 2023. We did the same in '22. And of course, given the size of the HVAC segment, a sizable size, of course, is in that segment as well. So we're comfortable with those 15% margins for the full year.
Patrick Goris: Yes. The short of it is, and it's mostly in HVAC is the first quarter of 2022, we were left in at some really attractive pricing from a steel point of view, and the year-over-year impact is actually a net negative for us. As I mentioned to Julian just earlier, we are dialing in a benefit from deflation that kicks in the second quarter of 2023. In Q1, we still have a headwind, particularly in steel that affects HVAC.
Patrick Goris: Yes. If I look at the margin performance in Fire & Security, it was up year-over-year in the fourth quarter by 60 basis points. And the way you can think about it is the absence of Chubb is a tailwind to margins. Volume mix and price/cost was a slight headwind to margins. The net was still a margin expansion of 60 basis points. The margins were lower than what we expected. One, supply input costs and higher supply chain costs than what we expected; two, inventories not aligned with where the business is today. And that has some operational impacts, which we experienced in the fourth quarter of the year.  And so we have to work through that. And that is what we expect for 2023. And therefore, we expect with minimal volume growth in ’23 to have margin expansion in Fire & Security. The revenue growth we expect in Fire & Security in '23 is mostly price driven, less volume driven.
Patrick Goris: Nigel, the ballpark number you have there, it's in the ballpark, $500 million, $600 million of carryover in pricing. Most of that -- in total pricing, most of that is carryover. We have some new price increases that we've announced as well. We've dialed of course, some of that in, and we're looking at additional price increases as well.
Patrick Goris: And Nigel, couple of comments on refrigeration. Think of Q1 organic sales being down mid to high single digits, Q2 down mid-single digits and then basically returning to mid-single-digit growth in the second half of the year. And that is all related to what Dave, just mentioned earlier about container. Four quarters that we assume to be down, two more to go. Same with commercial refrigeration, and we see continued strong performance in particularly North America Truck and Trailer. And so that is how we've dialed in the plan for refrigeration, which we expect to be flattish from a full year perspective on an organic sales basis.
Patrick Goris: And Josh, our guidance is very much aligned with what we shared at Investor Day, $300 million of gross productivity, offset by about $200 million of investments in merit and a net $100 million falling through the bottom line. That's in our guidance.
Patrick Goris: The container business is a really attractive business within refrigeration. Our enormous installed base also enables us to go after significant aftermarket given the 1 million-plus units that are out there that we're trying to connect and drive aftermarket revenue. Commercial refrigeration today has lower operating margins, and so they're below 10%.  They're probably close to 5% in to 10%. But we've taken out a lot of costs. And so as we focus on productivity irrespective of volume growth, once volume starts to turn, we expect there to be attractive incremental in commercial refrigeration. So underlying profitability from an operating margin significantly lower than the overall average of the segment. But once volumes kick back in, given the work that we have done, we would expect to see attractive incrementals there.
Patrick Goris: Well, we expect $1.9 billion in 2023 for free cash flow, which actually does include a tailwind from reduced inventories. And so, we know we ended the year inventories than we intended in the beginning of the year. Frankly, it's the main reason why we missed our $1.65 billion target for the year.  So, we ended the year, I think it's fair to say with a few hundred million dollars of more inventory than we expected. I would not call all of that buffer inventory. Some of that, frankly, is related to the length of the supply chain and the lead times that are still not coming back to what we are used to. And so we're assuming that we'll see some continued improvement there in 2023, which will lead to about $100 million or so tailwind from lower inventories in '23 versus where we ended the year in '22.
