Patrick Goris: Thank you Dave. The enterprise value is €12 billion, which is about 13 times forecasted 2023 EBITDA assuming €200 million of run rate synergies. We are very pleased that the Viessmann founding family elected to take 20% of the transaction value in Carrier equity and that the family is making a long-term holding commitment. They share our excitement about the future -- the future value we believe this transaction will provide to our stakeholders. The number of shares are based on a VWAP prior to signing and are those fixed. The balance of the purchase price €9.6 billion will be funded through a combination of cash on hand and debt. With respect to cash we have $3.3 billion at the end of Q1 and we expect that to grow to about $4.5 billion by year-end excluding the impact of the acquisition since we paused share repurchases. We have fully committed financing in place for about €7 billion and have hedged the cash portion of the euro-based purchase price. Given Viessmann Climate Solutions growth profile, the acquisition is expected to add over 100 basis points to Carrier's overall revenue and EBITDA growth profile. We expect a high single-digit free cash flow yield starting in year five. While the acquisition is expected to be adjusted net income accretive in 2024, we expect the acquisition to be adjusted EPS accretive starting in 2025, because of the additional shares outstanding. Retaining solid investment-grade credit ratings is very important to us. Yesterday Moody's, S&P and Fitch have reaffirmed our current investment-grade ratings following the announcement of this transaction. Excluding proceeds from the business exits, we plan on deleveraging quickly following the transaction returning to about 2x net leverage in 2025 after which we expect to resume share repurchases. The timing and net proceeds of the business exits may of course accelerate the timing of both the deleveraging and the resumption of share repurchases. We expect to repurchase the equivalent number of shares issued to the Viessmann founding family as soon as we reach our target leverage. This could happen as soon as 2024. Finally, we remain committed to a sustainable and growing dividend and expect the transaction to close around the end of 2023. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, Nigel, Patrick here. So 2023 is still ongoing of course. But the two prior years, we believe that their free cash flow conversion has been in the mid-90s so 90% to 95% of net income. And so clearly we believe that there is a continued path to have a combined company that will be in about 100% free cash flow conversion range. As to CapEx investments clearly given the significant opportunity in heat pumps there have been heavy capital investments made by Viessmann, including in 2023. We have that dial into our numbers. And as I said, we expect going forward to continue to be a company that converts about 100% of net income into free cash flow.
Patrick Goris: It could scale up Nigel very clearly. And the first part of your comment was related to sale versus spin at the end of the day we're evaluating the exits and ultimately we'll pick whatever the exit is that delivers the best after-tax value for Carrier. And so whether that's the sale versus spin that is what we're focused on. And you're right. If it is a sale we certainly see a path with expected proceeds that would enable us to buy more shares than the equivalent shares issued to Viessmann family. 
Patrick Goris: Yes Jeff, we believe as we have shared on the slide that in year one, let's assume 2024 that we will be modestly dilutive. That would include -- and as I mentioned net income accretive adjusted net income accretive to the company, but given additional shares adjusted EPS modestly dilutive in year one accretive thereafter. Year one we do expect some integration or cost to implement some of the synergies. We think the cost to get to the synergies are relatively modest. We have $200 million of run rate synergies. We think the cost to get to these is maybe one-fourth of those. In addition to that, we have integration expenses that are probably about $100 million or so. We'll see some of that in year one and so that may impact the EPS dilution as well that you calculate in year one. 
Patrick Goris: Okay. So to the extent there is any ASSS liability at all, we believe it resides within Kidde-Fenwal. And just as we plan to exit Fire & Security, we plan to exit Kidde-Fenwal too and regardless of how we exit Fire & Security could spin well we expect to exit and at the end this to be a clean exit. 
Patrick Goris: We will do that at the right point. My expectation is that several quarters away and there are some specific requirements that need to be met for us to get there. And so if it happens at all it's going to happen several quarters from now.
Patrick Goris: Nicole, Patrick here. We believe that there is a good approximation of US GAAP. So from all the due diligence certainly good work, yes.
Patrick Goris: Yes Nicole, we expect that by year three, the vast majority of those synergies will be achieved. So think about 75%.
Patrick Goris: No, I'd say that the margins for things like boilers heat pump services are all similar. Batteries might be slightly lower or solar a bit lower than that. But I think the nice thing is that the margins on boilers and heat pumps because we are going through that transition are very similar.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Steve. So in essence our prior guide assumed $1.5 billion to $2 billion in share repurchases. We are pausing that. With that we lose about $0.04, $0.05 versus our February guide. That's being offset given Q1 performance, but also some adjustments on interest income, for example, that you see in the back of the slide deck. In terms of timing for the balance of the year, the way we think about this in February, I mentioned that first half adjusted EPS would be a little less than half of the full year. Given our performance in Q1, we think that first half and second half EPS will be very similar at the midpoint of our guidance of $2.55.
Patrick Goris: So price cost was slightly positive in Q1, and we expect the Q1 price cost to be the most difficult for what we said in February. We expect price cost for the full year to be positive and we expect it also to have a slightly positive impact on margins.
Patrick Goris: We still expect most of the organic growth for this year to be priced. So it's now in the call it in the $400 million $500 million range Steve. 
David Gitlin: Well, thank you Patrick. [Audio Gap] So the $1.1 billion business that we are exiting at high single-digit EBITDA margins last year, we have invested significantly in restructuring and improving the margins of the business, which will significantly benefit the business going forward. We expect to exit this business over the course of 2024. To be clear, we are retaining our cold chain solutions and transport refrigeration business which includes truck, trailer, container, Sensitech sensors and our Lynx platform and all the related aftermarket and digital offerings. So in summary on slide 25. These moves position us as a higher top and bottom line growth company. Had we made these transformational moves three years ago, Carrier's revenue CAGR would have been 2x the rate that we indeed achieved, mid-teens rather than 8%, thus giving us confidence that we are transforming into a sustained higher growth profile company. With Viessmann Climate Solutions, we are now positioning ourselves to be the Global Climate Solutions Champion. We are buying the premier asset in the premier market. We are standing by our commitment with our portfolio to be clinical and dispassionate and though we are selling tremendous franchises, the result will be a focused differentiated carrier that drives higher growth and returns for our shareholders and value for our employees and customers. And with that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Sure Julian. In terms of their positioning, what I'll tell you is that they are the number one premium brand across Europe. So in the premium market with heat pumps they're number one. Within Germany and heat pumps, they're number one. And across Europe, air-to-water heat pumps they are in the top five. In terms of the latter question, what they've done that is incredibly impressive is that they've designed -- you can think of it almost as the apple of their space because all of their products are seamlessly integrated into an ecosystem approach. So, if a homeowner can't afford to buy solar PV, battery and a heat pump all at the same time, they pre-designed them so they're all interoperable and interconnected at the time of installation. So what really makes them unique is their ability. So if you only install the heat pump in the battery and a year later you install Solar PV, it's been seamlessly integrated. So what they've done unique is have their products interoperable and it's underpinned by a digital solution. So you have this one based system that can control all of the various products and also provide greater management. Because if you fast forward to the future, we're all going to get to a point someday where you get home at the same time, you plug in your car, you turn on your heating system. You're putting a lot of reliance on the grid all at the same time. So being able to do grid management and have their products interoperable is very, very unique and they're the only one in the world that does it.
David Gitlin: Well a few things Julian. First of all, we think of it as buying 13x the fully synergized number. Second, we are going to be bringing in just on a base level more EBITDA than we're selling and then you add synergies to it and it's even more. And the growth rate of Viessmann is far higher than anything else on a sustained basis that we have in the portfolio, including the businesses that we're exiting. In terms of the price that, we'll realize on these divestitures we'll have to see. But what I'd remind folks is that when we sell Chubb we sold that for a 13x multiple. And as great as a business Chubb is with 240 branches, it's largely an installation and services business. Here you're dealing with especially on the fire and security side highly differentiated high gross margin businesses usually with three to five competitors in their spaces they're going to be hugely sought after and we're going to see how -- as we go through the process what's the best way to sell. We may sell it its entirety. We may do a spin. We may sell it off in various pieces some quicker than others. So we'll go through the process. But I think it would be very surprising for us to get anywhere close to -- the multiple on Chubb are lower we would expect it to be materially higher. 
David Gitlin: Yes. We -- Joe we have a pretty rigorous strat review process and it was clear from our very early days that when we spend we had two big gaps. We didn't -- we had VRF and we had European residential heating. So we wanted to start with VRF because of the underlying technology that it brings and we were fortunate with both Giwee and Toshiba to be able to enter that market. And then there was really all hands on deck on European residential heating. Clearly, no overlap no antitrust issues. And it was -- if you look across our space and you did a chart showing growth rates predictable growth rates over the next 10 years in every single space in which we compete the single most attractive market is European residential heating and we don't have a real presence there. So we started meeting with effectively every single company across Europe. I had dinners what I would say virtually every CEO in the space and they're a very, very impressive group. It's just very, very difficult to break into that market because they're traditionally multi-generation family-owned businesses. And Max and I had dinner about a year ago in Allendorf, Germany. And I think that we hit it off because we both had this common realization of the art of what's possible. They truly are world-class. I mean they are the leader. If you could pick any company to come together with an European residential heating, it would clearly be Viessmann. They have the best brand, the best channel, the best technology, they are a very, very unique asset with great people. And as we continue to develop the relationship, our whole premise was that one plus one has to be something greater than four. And if you look at the combination of Carrier and Viessmann Climate Solutions we said that we can do something that no other company in the world can do to create value for our people, our shareholders, our customers, and the planet. So, we probably had 15 dinners over the course of the last year as we continue to evolve what this relationship could be. I think the contract is very manages this idea of a potential interloper. Clearly, there'll be a lot of people interested in Viessmann, but we're just thrilled that Max had to share the same vision that we had in the art of what's possible for the future.
David Gitlin: Well, it's such a unique phenomenon with the shift to heat pump. So, they've traditionally grown the market is a lot like the US where it's an 80% replacement market. People need heating, heating fails, you replace it. The most amazing thing is given that 17 countries in Europe have either announced or banned fossil fuel heating. If you picture you're in a European home, you take a wall-hung boiler off the wall of your bathroom or our utility room, you're going to put in a heat pump and instead of spending a few K, you're going to spend 10K. So, if you pictured no unit rate of growth and the only thing you had was mixing up they'd be growing double-digits. Now, you put on top of that all of their other venues that they have for growth between solar PV and battery that's why they have consistently been growing over recent years in these mid-teens. And if you look at our forecast, it continues to grow at least double-digit rates for the foreseeable future. And I could tell you that there's many parts of our market. If you ask me what are they going to grow in 2025 it will be very difficult for me to answer that sitting here today. This is probably given the energy transition happening in Europe. I would say this is the most predictable sustained growth market in the world. We could give you very high confidence this is going to grow clearly double-digits in 2025, in 2026 because of the underlying dynamics of the mixing up that you're seeing and the additional value add that they provide. 
David Gitlin: Sure. It started about 30 years ago with Martin Viessmann. Professor Dr. Martin Viessmann really had encouraged to see the value in going to this direct-to-installer model. And if you think about Europe in many cases both sell to distributors who sell to wholesalers who sell to installers who sell to the homeowner, both in Germany and many of its other countries, Viessmann Climate Solutions did establish this direct-to-installer model which has so many advantages in Germany and in Europe, not only the obvious that they -- from a margin perspective, but even more importantly is that they end up with a lot of customer intimacy. And what's also happening is that the demand for these heat pumps is so acute throughout Europe that their installers are struggling to just keep up with the underlying demand. So Viessmann themselves have been in there with the homeowners not only helping with some of the replacements, but helping with the new installations. So it has created so much value just having that direct installation customer intimacy. And again, it is not a model that they have that's unique to Germany they have it in many other countries as well. And I think one of the things that really attracted us many of the many things that attracted us to Viessmann, is they're in all the best countries. When you look at the countries that are making the most rapid transition to heat pumps, and you look at the countries that have the highest demand, it is countries like Germany and Poland and Italy and France. So they're really well positioned globally, but certainly within Europe. 
David Gitlin: I put point to the channel. Anyone can develop technology. The hardest thing is to access the channel. And that's true in Europe it's true in the United States. You need access because it's not -- these are highly installed highly configured systems. So you need highly trained installers that actually have access to the homeowner. And that's what they have. Viessmann spend a lot of resources investing in training it's extensive installation network. So first is they have access and they have the best access because of their very unique channel model. The second thing is they have the brand that not only in Germany, but it has that German technology. There's a lot of pull for that Viessmann brand. Third is they have the technology. I mentioned Viessmann Invisible. I mentioned that how they've designed their digital overlay and their interconnected system. So they put a lot of energy into natural refrigerants and hydrogen enriched boilers. So a lot of what they've done to build a moat is interconnecting channel brand technology holistic and ecosystem level offerings to really make them a very, very unique asset again not just in Germany, but across Europe. 
David Gitlin: Yeah, I think so. No. We have long been studying how do we connect these dots in North America. And we've been in discussions with solar providers. We've been having a series -- even with our Board just last week, a series of strategy discussions around battery because -- it's not whether it's when these systems get interconnected. When you think about an electric heat pump, you think about solar that relies on DC -- solar producing DC avoiding DC to AC conversion, DC feeding batteries for storage feeding into the heat pumps. These systems are inevitably going to be connected. There are probably more channel complexities in the US than there are in Europe. But we have been working on strategies to really enter the US with a holistic offering. What's really unique about Viessmann is they have a very unique battery capability. So they not -- they only buy the cells but they have a modular concept where they can actually customize the batteries to any size home for any demand they have. So their battery design and capabilities are a bit unique. That may be an initial easier part for the U.S. and then solar may follow. But the first order of business, expand all of their capabilities and investments throughout Europe. Second, we'll be take it to places like the U.S. and globally and we'll have to do that in a phased approach. But again, when we showed our $250 billion TAM at our Investor Day last year we never included Solar PV and Battery that just introduces close to another $50 billion TAM which is tremendous upside and importantly, differentiating.
David Gitlin: I think that's one of the most exciting things. We haven't factored in any of the revenue synergies into the €200 million estimate that we gave. But you think about some of the things they do very well. They are very much out in front on natural refrigerants. I mentioned that in terms of their heat pump it actually uses 50% less floor space and it uses significantly less installation time which again when you have a shortage of qualified installers are across Europe that's enormously differentiating and that can provide a lot of value to us per carrier outside of Viessmann. The -- on the flip side with companies like Toshiba, we have world-class inverter technology. We've invested so much over the years in heat exchangers fans air handlers. So there's a lot of technology that we put with our 5,000 engineers today at Carrier a lot of resources into develop world-class compressor designs how we bring that into the Viessmann portfolio as well. So the technology synergies added on with the digital synergies because they have one base we have a bound a lot of the digital subscription type offerings and digital platforms will really cut across both entities seamlessly.
David Gitlin: Well, I would say they're very similar to what us, and many other companies experienced. I think the good news is that they'll be coming in with backlog because they experienced some of the same supply chain issues that we all experienced. They navigated it as well if not better than anyone. But look we all ran into some of the same constraints. They're price/cost positive. They've -- one of the very I think exciting -- many exciting things is that they clearly can charge a premium. They have they will continue to be able to do so. So pricing is not an issue for them. And I think that one of the exciting things on the combination is I think we'll bring a lot of value on the cost side with our supply chain. And then keep in mind that if you look at the last few years despite all the supply chain they've been growing 15% sales and EBIT CAGR between 2020 and 2023 and their margins have improved during this time. And in fact Max just told me two nights ago that their margins were exceeded their expectations for March. So they continue to under-promise and over-deliver and I expect that they will continue to do so.
David Gitlin: Well, look it's extremely efficient in the European market. One of the things that is in Europe is -- which is a little bit different than the United States is that first you start with distributors then you have wholesalers. And the wholesalers there are typically agnostic. They will carry multiple different brands and they will provide the installer what the installer pulls for. Our distribution channel here in the United States it's typically exclusive. So our distributors are exclusively us and our brands. So I think it's an extremely efficient model there. Our only goal would be to expand it, expand it, invest in it, continue to grow it. And they've done a phenomenal job getting it from where it was 30 years ago to where it is today and we just want to invest in expanding it and continue to make it the truly differentiated channel that it is.
David Gitlin: Well, if you think about -- there's really -- with all the different legislation throughout Europe either at an EU level or within the countries there's really two aspects to it whether it's the European Green Deal Fit for 55 or REPowerEU, it all really comes down to two things. One is the rapid adoption of renewables, and two is the rapid deployment of heat pumps. And Viessmann is the only one that's well-positioned in both of those. So what's really exciting is if you overlay that with the regulations that these 17 countries are passing, it's literally a once in a generation opportunity. You do not see markets where they're basically forcing you to transition from legacy, fossil fuel boilers to heat pumps and you're going to be charging about up to 4x the price for that replacement. That's a mix up that is unlike any other industry in the world that's anywhere close to our space. So -- it's why it is such a unique phenomenon and such an attractive and compelling reason to want to get in. And put Max's credit, they were the first to see the truly value add that you can create for the homeowner by interconnecting these systems I mentioned that your energy bill can be 80% less if you buy all of these systems together, which is a huge, huge number. And then you add on to it this existential risk with a year ago half of the gas for Europe coming from Russia. So the imperative to become energy independent and rapidly transition to heat pumps and renewables, it's not a nice to have it's a must-have for Europe. And we all know Europe dashed a bit of a bullet this past year because it was a fairly mild winter, but the clock is ticking on energy independence in Europe, so countries are pushing it and there is no one better positioned to lead in that transition than Viessmann.
David Gitlin: Yeah. I mean these are highly configured systems. So I think the dynamic is very much what you see in the United States. Even -- I'll just take a small example of battery. You can have different size home with different sized demands and that's why they have Viessmann innovated a modular design because every home is slightly different. So they are typically customized highly configured, highly technical and the price is really something that's between the homeowner and the installer. So there is a lot of variability and not as much I guess ubiquitous transparency.
David Gitlin: Yes. Internally Brett, we have some numbers that we put on it, but I think it's early days. We need to let the team get in there and really and drive them. And then as we get traction, we'll start to put more meat on the bone on dimensionalizing those. But if you think about it, their channel with the 75,000 installers that they have these intimate relationship with, that we could clearly introduce a second brand into their channel, whether it's Carrier Toshiba, that would be a very, very exciting opportunity. You think about their digital connectivity, they have a whole bunch of, I would say world-class digital solutions, they have smart thermostat that we could really use very much, throughout Europe but outside of Europe. We could bring that into North America. We could bring that into Asia. Because one of the things we've been working on is digital connectivity with our distributor and dealer network, but also potentially with the homeowner as well. So, as we bring their technology outside into our channel, we bring some of our brands into their channel and then we leverage our respective underlying technologies. I think the revenue synergies will end up being far more exciting when we look back five years from now, we will have gotten -- truthfully will have exceeded our cost synergies, because that's what we do. What we will end up being more excited about, is the revenue synergies.
David Gitlin: Well, look backlog, when we look at commercial HVAC, backlog was up 20% organically. We had very strong orders in the quarter for commercial HVAC, what we're seeing is continued growth across the globe frankly. We saw sales up mid-teens in the quarter. Aftermarket was up just under 20%. Controls was up just under 20% and commercial applied was up in the mid-teens. So, when we look at orders, we're very pleased with what we're seeing, especially North America. China orders were a bit down in the quarter, but we think that is timing. We think, we're very bullish on what we're going to see for China orders this year, because as that country starts to come back. And I'll tell you interestingly, in the middle of all the banking issues that we were all watching, March was the first month since September of last year, where the Architectural Billing Index was north of 50. So, I think, we all have -- we're all watching, whether or not that could create some constraints on demand. We've seen none of it in the underlying business.
David Gitlin: Well, the beauty of their solar PV that they've gotten into recently is, it's really part of a broader solution. There's a lot of players globally that do some level of solar PV. The issue with Viessmann is they're the only player kind of directly in our space that has it as a core offering. And the reason that's important is it's part of a broader ecosystem of offering. So it's not that people should think of them as a pure-play solar PV, someone should think about them as an energy management solution provider. So as more and more regulations are passed throughout Europe, they're saying here's how much heating you can use – you as a homeowner, here's how much carbon emissions that you're allowed to have. A typical homeowner has no idea how to navigate achieving certain targets that are being given. So what you really want is a one-stop shop. You want someone who can come in and say "I can help you achieve these objectives that you have instead of reducing your thermostat to 64 degrees in the middle of a cold winter, here's how you can achieve the objectives that the government has set up for you and it's that interconnectivity of a solar PV that seamlessly interacts with a wall-hung battery plus the heat pump plus a grid management, energy management, digital solution, it's that interconnectivity that makes it such an important part of their portfolio. 
David Gitlin: Well, what I'd say, Andrew is first your observation that 5% seems conservative, I would agree with. I do think your typical synergies are in the high single-digits and that's been I think our experience. I think that – so is it conservative that we would get to $200 million, the vast majority of which is by year three? Perhaps. I do think we were pragmatic and very focused on what we're trying to do with this integration. We are not coming in guns blazing. This is a very well-run business. This has as I mentioned one ERP system, this is a phenomenal business. So this is not about headcount reductions. They have 11,000 people. We are not coming in to reduce G&A heads. We're not coming in to close factories it's the opposite. We're coming in to invest in Germany, invest in the workforce, invest in growth because the worst thing you can do in the middle at the very outset of a huge growth opportunity is start to squeeze costs and not build for the capacity to keep up with the demand that is so clearly in front of them. So we got low-hanging fruit on the synergies with the in-sourcing procurement. That's an easy go do. We know how to do that, Viessmann knows how to do that together. We're just going to go make that happen. Well the number end up being higher we'll see. But our focus will be on those two pieces of the synergies. And then equally important will be driving the revenue synergies. 
David Gitlin: And what I'd say is the phasing is – the in-sourcing is a go do. There might be some minor tweaking to the product. But Toshiba is already in Europe. So in terms of qualification I don't see that as a major issue. So I think that in-sourcing will be I think relatively quick sourcing frankly could be relatively quick as well. So I think it's -- what typically takes longer is if you start closing factories and things like that that is not part of any part of our calculation. So I think achieving these relatively within the next couple of years is quite doable.
David Gitlin: Thanks, Steve. And I was handed a note by Sam that my mic cut out during Fire & Security. And so I apologize for that. What I was basically saying is, what's on the slide that for Fire & Security, it's great businesses, great teams, great leading positions. You all know the brands and how the growth potential. I was clarifying that even though $3.6 billion of sales, we're going to retain the UTEC business, which makes controls for HVAC and refrigeration. So it's a natural part to keep in our portfolio. The business we're exiting therefore is about $3.1 billion and has EBITDA margins in the high teens. It's split between fire at $2.1 billion, securities around $1 billion. And like I said upfront, it's -- this was a very, very difficult decision. Jurgen and his team have done a phenomenal job creating a world-class business, that's highly differentiated, and it's a true unique asset that I know many, many will be extremely interested. But just because it's such a phenomenal business doesn't mean that it belongs in our portfolio. So we had to make a very tough decision to exit those businesses. And we'll use those proceeds as Patrick said, we'll pay down some debt. We'll do a buyback and then we'll continue to invest in our core business of being the global leader in intelligent, climate and energy solutions. So a tough decision but I think the right decision for the long term of the business. And with that we will leave it there. I do thank all of you for your flexibility moving this up a day. And I just want to reiterate my thanks to our employees and to the 11,000 Viessmann employees that will become part of our family. This is -- I think, this is a once in a generation opportunity to truly bring two world-class phenomenal organizations together to be an unambiguous global leader, and I couldn't be excited about the days that lay ahead. So, my thanks to all of you. 
Andrew Obin: Just a question, can you talk a little bit more about the solar, business because it's a fairly large chunk of the company. And I just want to understand better, what does the company does there? And I guess, how does it fit strategically with your HVAC vision? Thank you.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a question on synergies. And I completely appreciate that the deal is a lot more about heat pump market tripling in Europe and channel synergies, et cetera, et cetera and revenue synergies totally get it. But 5% recent deals were more like 8% to 10% in the industry. So I'm thinking about 5% and we've also been getting questions on the headline and the FT that Germany will review sale of Viessmann, how does that just basically buying a storied middles the German company, how does that figure into your approach to costs in this deal? And what can you do going forward? Thank you.
Andrew Obin: David and Sam Congratulations. I know how impossible these companies together. Congratulations on getting this deal done.
