David Gitlin: Well, thanks, Patrick. We are pleased with our performance through the first half of the year. Our backlog instills confidence in our outlook for the second half, and I am confident in our team's ability to keep driving strong results. With that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Let me start with the latter piece, and then Patrick can discuss the pricing on the first part. Our goal, Joe, is to keep the price increases that we've gotten. You'll recall we came into the year expecting $1 billion of pricing this year, which about $20 billion of sales would have been about 5%. We're now looking at $1.5 billion of price, which is a 7.5% or so realization for the year. And our expectation is that we maintain that price, not just in resi, but across the portfolio. In some parts of the business, we needed more discipline in any case on pricing, like in our commercial refrigeration business where the team has done a nice job. So our expectation is that we certainly retain price as we get into the second half of this year, into next year. And then we'll see about the commodities. If they continue to come down, things like copper, steel and aluminum, that should be some tailwind as we get into next year, but we'll have to see on that piece. But we're pretty well blocked for the second half of this year, but our hope and expectation is that, if they remain low, it would be a bit of a tailwind as we get into 2023.
David Gitlin: Yeah. What we saw in resi in particular, was movement really picked up as we got into June. June movement was up around 10%, and it had been a bit weaker in April and May. So -- that was a movement in resi something that we watch very, very carefully. And it was encouraging to see movement pick up in June. That's continued into July, which is encouraging because our expectation for ourselves is that we end the year with inventory levels about in balance to where we’d expect them to be. So we are trying very hard to manage the inventory levels in the channel, while supporting our customers. So it's nice to see movement fairly strong over the last couple of months. In other parts of the business, a lot of it really had to do with just us recovering on the supply chain a bit more as we got into June. We've still been paced by chips, which is about two-thirds of our problem. In parts of our business like transport refrigeration, we saw controls catching up as we got into the latter part of the quarter, and that helped us with output as we got into June.
David Gitlin: Yeah, Julian, let me give some color on orders. If you take about half of our business, orders were up double digits. Commercial HVAC has been up double digits now for six quarters in a row. So we're very pleased with the orders that we're seeing in commercial HVAC. And they're underlying it is that we look at ABI, which you know the Architectural Billing Index has been north of 50 for 17 straight months. So that's very encouraging. Our F&S business, which doesn't get as many questions, they had double-digit orders. Like commercial had double-digit orders. I think it was in the range of 25%. So there was more of a supply chain issue supporting the output, but orders have been extremely strong in light commercial. The real two areas that kind of gave Carrier an overall flattish was resi and truck trailer. On resi, we usually measure backlog in terms of weeks, say, four weeks or so in terms of backlog. We're sitting at about four months. So as backlog normalizes, we've been saying now for many quarters in a row that we expect year-over-year orders to come down for resi and that is not the metric that we track. We track movement, we track inventory levels. We expect orders to decline, but we're still sitting on very strong backlog. And in truck trailer to your -- the specific question there, we have been managing the order book, especially in North American truck trailer with our customers. So it's something that we're very well-positioned in terms of our backlog in truck trailer. We watch those ACC metrics for next year. I think it used to be in the double-digit range. It's probably high single digits is what they're saying for right now but the backlog is good. So the two areas, resi truck trailer are things that we're being quite purposeful in. And then we expected container to be down, and it was down given the very, very tough compares. And the last thing I'll mention is CCR. CCR orders were challenged a bit, but what we have to figure out is how much of that is driven by the market and how much is driven by us. We were very clear with our team that we expect to improve margins on CCR and we're going to bid things at the right margins, and we're not going to bid things at the wrong margin. So we did see orders decline a little bit, but we also saw a significant improvement in margins, which is encouraging to see. So, Julian, we're sitting on backlog levels that are up 20 -- more than 20% over last year. So, we will continue to watch orders in light of what everyone is concerned about with economic slowdowns. But for us, what we see is nothing less than what we expected in some cases, actually beyond what we expected.
David Gitlin: I think it's a bit of both. We came into the year pretty well-priced. We had to do a bit more to get to the $1 billion. And we've actually announced subsequent price increases as the year has gone along. So we announced a recent price increase for our North American commercial, light commercial HVAC business. Refrigeration both Fire & Security have had to announced price increases during the course of the year. And then I will say that our realization has been a bit higher than we had planned. So I think it's a combination of within your price announced increases plus realization.
David Gitlin: The direct answer is not really. I mean, we saw orders decline in China, but we wouldn't blame that on the macro, we would blame that on the COVID-related lockdowns. I think if we had to look for one area that came in a little bit lower than we expected, it was in CCR and to some extent, in European truck trailer orders in the quarter. And I would say a couple of months, it's too early to call a trend. But the thing in particular with CCR that we have to watch is, how much is self-induced because of our pricing discipline and how much is market related. And the true answer is we don't know just yet, because this is probably the most aggressive we've been in that company's history. So we'll have to keep an eye on that. But by and large, North America remains strong. Southeast Asia, which we don't talk a lot about, was extremely strong. China was weak, but we expected it. We'll have to see how the rest of 3Q plays out. And again, resi and truck trailer, it wasn't alarming because a lot of that was us managing the order book and inventory levels.
David Gitlin: Well, it's one of the reasons that we're very excited to close on Toshiba. Toshiba really positions us in that kind of multifamily, in that light commercial space globally in places like Germany and the UK. So obviously, we're not a major player in Europe for single-family homes. But when you get into the multifamily homes, our Toshiba technology, and Giwee to some extent, position us very well. And then for the larger, obviously, commercial HVAC, we would say that we're doing extremely well. So we're positioned well for that demand in Europe. And then it's the same on the heat pump side, which is as we get into these winter months, we would say that we're number one in commercial HVAC heat pumps in Europe, and that's going to be a big trend that people are going to be talking a lot about is the transition to heat pumps in Europe as well. So when you see parts of the world that have never had air conditioning before, whether it's Portland, Oregon and Seattle or now London and Frankfurt, you're going to see us leaning into that AC space, but also with more sustainable solutions as well, because, obviously, we want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem, on climate change.
David Gitlin: Yes, I think that's just a broad macro concern in the US right now is labor constraints. But I think specifically with K-12, I think we're extremely encouraged by it, and I don't think that will put a significant damper on the opportunity. I mean, you think about $190 billion of total ESSER spending for K-12, $140 billion of that $190 billion has not yet been allocated. And because that's because ESR3 is where the bulk will really go towards sort of the larger appropriations and that's of the $120 billion is SR3. So, our orders were up in the first half, 35% in K-12. When we think about verticals that could do well during an economic slowdown, K-12 with the amount of funding they have is one of them. And we put a dedicated team on this space, and they're performing well. So -- we're very encouraged by this space.
David Gitlin: Yes, let me first comment on resi. We've seen -- and I think that the industry has seen an ability to appropriately increase price given all the commodity headwind and retain it. And we think that would continue into next year because what you're going to see next year is a switch over to the 2023 higher SEER units, which is going to come with a 10% to 15% price increase. So, we will have to watch the elasticity curves. I think it's clear to say that we won't continue with the same kind of price rate increases that we've been seeing. I think we've had six increases over the last 18 months or so. And obviously, that will subside, but we do not see today prices declining. In fact, as we get into next year, we'd expect an increase given the SEER shift. But more broadly, I think that all of us have been in a situation with our peers where we've had no choice, but to raise prices. And fortunately, we're in markets where we sell essential products and whether it's life safety equipment or whether it's -- we're transporting critical vaccines or foods to certain parts of the world or whether it's when your air conditioner breaks, when it's really hot outside, you're going to replace it. So, I think we've seen an ability to increase price and retain it, and we do not expect going into next year of price reductions. We'll watch the elasticity curves for sure. But right now, we do not see price decreases.
David Gitlin: Yes. What we saw at the end of the second quarter was we were waiting on controls and some of our reefer units that had been in inventory for a while, and we saw those get delivered and we were able to release those units to the field. So, that was encouraging. At a more macro level, we have not seen the sustained improvement on the supply chain that we expect to see yet. We're still dealing with chip issues in a significant way, and that contributes to about two-thirds of our problem. We said last quarter that we would redesign 30% of our critical components by the end of last quarter, 50% by the end of the year. We continue to do that, but we continue to see challenges, not just with chips, but things like motors and other suppliers continue to surprise us. And that does cause productivity issues in the factories, and it does cause us to hurt our customers where today, we are sitting on hundreds of millions of overdue to our customers. So we are counting on supply chain improving as we get into really 4Q leading into next year, and we're going to need that to make sure that we hit our cash numbers in the back half. And we also are still looking at logistics. The good news is that spot rates have come down, the bad news is that because of supply chain challenges, we're having to do a bit more airfreight than usual. So we're anticipating improvement as we get into the back half of this year, and I think the team is doing the right things, but it does continue to be a challenge.
David Gitlin: I would say that volume is going to be up like low single digits. Overall, resi we were up 20% in the first half. Second half will be about 10%. So call the full year about 15%. We had previously said resi was going to be, I think, high single digits. So in that 8% to 10% range, it's now going to be closer to 15%. The bulk of that from price, but we do expect some volume in the low single digits.
David Gitlin: Well, we work with folks, our friends at TI and NXP and Microchip and others. And right now, we are trying to really, for our critical shortages, design around chips that are available. We do know that our partners are building capacity as we get into next year, and that's hopefully going to come on sooner rather than later. I think over time, the CHIPS Act once that goes through, will be beneficial. But for now, it's a fairly tactical exercise around redesigns while we really anxiously anticipate and await the additional capacity coming online next year into 2024.
David Gitlin: Yes, that's something that we've really tried to be much more intelligent about and using -- creating more algorithms, kind of akin to what was what we used to do a bit more on the aerospace side and really look at the elasticity curves more at a part number level. So, I think the team's gotten much better models on pricing on the parts side. And I think that's been an area that we've had a lot of focus and success with.
David Gitlin: Yes, I would say, Vlad, it's actually been even more acute for Fire & Security than it has been for HVAC. In particular, in one of our highest margin businesses, which is Access Solutions. We've had very strong demand in parts of that business, whether it's for LenelS2 or our BlueDiamond or even our Onity and Supra businesses, which are quietly very well-positioned businesses, high margin. The team is doing a great job, and we're really plagued by chips in those businesses. And our supplier partners know it. They've been -- working with us to support us, but that's where a lot of our overdue has been. So, we talked about coming into the year, as Patrick said, at about a 16% ROS. The expectation is to be a bit higher than that. And the reliance is on recovering on some of our higher-margin businesses that have been really impacted by chips. We are anticipating a recovery as we get into 4Q there. I mean it's not just it's not just hope. There are specific part numbers that we track that we know when they're going to get redesigned when we line of sight to it, but it has to happen over the next few months.
David Gitlin: Sure. I got to tell you, we could not be more excited. We said early August, the expectation is here that we closed early next week. So we're gearing up. We're ready to go. The team has been at the integration over the last six months or so. And we've worked very well with Toshiba Corp and the TCC team. What we have found -- and remember that as a JV partner, as a minority JV partner, we didn't really control design or production or really the JV overall. We did some distribution globally. But now as we look at it, we have traveled the world and there is so much demand for this product line. It's got -- this phenomenal inverter technology, which enables you to use rotary compressors, which is lower cost, and it's got really differentiated technology, it has a great brand, especially in countries like China where Toshiba is going to actually be our high-end brand, followed by Carrier and then Giwee. So as we get into things like European heat pumps, especially for residential, we're talking to some of the OEMs there that are really pulling for our compressor and condensing unit designs. We were traveling in the Middle East where we see there's so much excitement and they can't wait for us to close. So I can tell you that the excitement on the product line is building. Toshiba has brand-new facilities, TCC in places like Poland and China that we can really leverage across our portfolio, and there's also phenomenal supply chain opportunities between the two companies. So we said $100 million on a run rate basis over the next, I would say, five years or so. And we're confident that we're going to achieve that.
David Gitlin: Okay, well, thank you, everyone, for joining in. While I know it's a busy morning, of course, we and Sam are around for questions. So thank you all.
Patrick Goris: So, Joe, on the first part of your question, for the HVAC segment, most of the organic growth was price. And so volume was actually slightly negative there. And that's, of course, impacted by the commercial HVAC performance, which was, as we expected, we've given the Shanghai lockdown. And we expect commercial HVAC growth to pick up in the second half of the year.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so Julian, Patrick here. We actually expect organic growth to be pretty similar, Q3 and Q4, about close to 10% each, maybe a little bit below. And then -- which is not unusual. We expect a little over 50% of our second half of the year to be in Q3. So a little bit higher EPS in Q3 than Q4 similar overall growth rate.
Patrick Goris: Sure. Hi Nigel. The way you can think about this is in our current P&L and our outlook we had back in April, we had about $0.02 for the full year amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions. With the acquisition of TCC, our amortization expense will likely go up by about $100 million. And what's kind of interested is, we already own today economically 60% of the overall interest in Toshiba. So, our amortization expense would go up significantly, including for the part that we already own of Toshiba. We have decided to exclude the amortization related to acquisitions going forward, and so compared to the prior guidance, that is a $0.02 improvement in adjusted EPS. Of course, the impact going forward would be significantly higher because of the large increase in amortization expense that I just mentioned.
Patrick Goris: Nigel, one with respect to copper, steel, aluminum, clearly, we're seeing the trends there. I think it's too early for us to say that some other components, call it, that we purchased for resi HVAC that we've seen in the end of the cost increases. Obviously, that is something that we're very much negotiating. But I don't -- I would not say that besides steel, copper, aluminum, that were on the downward trend.
Patrick Goris: Well, Tommy, first of all, with respect to Q2, the margins came in a little bit better than we expected. Of course, the gain helped with that. That was about 80 or so bps. But I will also say that for Q2, we still saw a headwind on price cost from a margin perspective. So price cost positive from a dollar operating profit perspective, but price cost for the HVAC segment was still about 100-point headwind on operating margin in the quarter. For the balance of the year, HVAC margins will, of course, be impacted by the consolidation of TCC. We expect for the full year now the margins of HVAC to be down to be closer to 15% versus 16% prior guide. And including for Q3, we still expect a sizable headwind from price cost on HVAC margins.
Patrick Goris: Yeah, Steve. So in Q1, I said that price was over $300 million. In Q2 price overall company was about $450 million. And it was a price cost positive but still dilutive to margins. So if you do the math, it's maybe a couple of pennies.
Patrick Goris: We expect price to be about $1.5 billion. And again, we expect price cost to be positive, it's going to be pennies, it's not going to be a dime. So it's below that and still price on margin dilutive by about 40 bps for the overall company.
Patrick Goris: Actually, Andrew, I think that one of the benefits we may see is with the new regulations. We estimate that over half of the resi market is at the lowest SEER level, with the new regulations in 2023, it means that we think that a little over half of the market will mix up, if you want. Meaning 10% to 15% price increase and from a margin perspective, positive from a margin dollar perspective and at least neutral from a margin percent point of view. And so, we think that may be the biggest driver from a mix shift point of view.
Patrick Goris: Yes, but we're already in production for those new units, and we're starting to sell them this month.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Actually, if you look at Fire & Security, there are two items that we expect to benefit us in the second half of the year. One, organic growth rates are expected to be higher for Fire & Security in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. And then the second element is price cost. For Fire & Security, you may recall that in Q1, Fire & Security was price cost neutral. We expect price cost to be favorable in the back half of the year -- for the back half of the year. And so we think that a combination of these two will be the main driver of improved margin performance for that segment.
John Walsh: Hey. So a lot of ground covered on HVAC and refrigeration. I wanted to talk a little bit about the Fire & Security margin. I think last quarter, you kind of suggested you were looking a little bit better than the 16% you had put out there. Wondered if we could just get a little bit of a bridge back H2, H1 on the fire and security margins.
John Walsh: Great. And then just going back to pricing, if we could talk about the commercial pricing in HVAC, is this all structural? Are there any kind of fuel surcharges or things that might reverse out? And then just anything around spares pricing as well there on the commercial side? Thank you.
John Walsh: Just around the ability to also push through on non-contractual pricing outside of service or spare parts at that.
