David Gitlin: Okay. Thank you, Patrick. Our results demonstrate that we successfully navigated through 2020. We remain focused on driving key strategic growth initiatives, alongside aggressive cost actions that will fuel future investment and innovation. Our balance sheet improvement provides additional flexibility to create shareholder value through bolt-on M&A, dividends, and share buyback. All of these factors, combined with the tailwinds from important megatrends, position us well for strong top and bottom line growth in 2021 and beyond.  So with that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Yes. Good morning, Steve. Yes, we are pleased with the backlog being up in the mid-teens, but clearly, there are some watch items there. The ABI, being at about 43 in December, has been below 50 since April. So we have a watch on it. Remember that commercial new construction is about 15% of our overall business. The things that give us a lot of confidence are, some verticals remain very strong globally, data centers, warehouses, education, healthcare, have all been strong. Number two is, we are seeing traction in our whole focus on indoor air quality, healthy buildings. We have a pipeline of $200 million there. So it's clearly a watch item, particularly North America.  I was pleased. China has continued to be strong. Europe, we actually saw coming back. You may recall earlier in 2020, I felt like we weren't gaining the share in Europe that we had been in North America, China. The team made a number of changes in Europe, and we're seeing traction there. So, signs of life in Europe. Orders were up about 5% there in the fourth quarter. Asia Pacific actually showing a bit of strength towards the end of last year for the first time in eight or nine months. So signs of progress, but clearly a couple of watch items, probably the biggest being North American new construction. 
David Gitlin: No, we do. The good news for the aftermarket is that we actually come in - HVAC services backlog ended the year up about 20%. So we are seeing people get out there, even in Europe where it's a bit spotty and some markets are more closed than others. Even though they've been distributing the vaccine in England, we still see some pockets of closed down locations there. Same with Germany. But by and large, we are getting our field support and our technicians out into buildings, certainly in the United States. So, we're looking at double-digit HVAC aftermarket growth in 2020, and it'll be fueled by folks getting back into the buildings. 
David Gitlin: Yes. Nigel - good morning, Nigel. It's Dave. Yes. Recall that we really look at our investments in three categories. We said that we'd add - the first is selling and salespeople. We said we'd add 500 sales and sales support people last year. We ended up adding more like 550. And a lot of that, we started to see in the fourth quarter. We also invested in R&D. that was a big chunk of it. We had tapped the brakes a little bit on some of our investments in 2Q. We started to release it in 3Q into 4Q. So we did accelerate R&D investments.  And also the third piece is digital, a little bit less than the R&D side, but we're going to come out with some new digital products here at the beginning of the second quarter, especially tied into healthy building. So we really tried to lean forward because that's what we see as one of the most transformational opportunities, has to be - has to do with a digital offering that's going to be an extraction layer that has - that gives customers visibility into things like indoor air quality. So we really accelerated some of our investments there in the fourth quarter.
David Gitlin: Well, certainly, we feel positive about double-digit service growth in ‘21. And we'll have to see as we get into ‘22 and beyond, but you look at that - we have a relatively small percentage of our say chillers under some form of long-term agreement. It's less than 25%. And the reality is, it should be something that's exponentially higher. One of the ways to do it is having those chillers be connected. So we're going out of our way to add edge devices to the chiller so we could have more of a two-way communication with the customer. So we can not only do things like diagnostics and prognosis - diagnostics and prognostics, but other value-added services, such as energy efficiency through making the devices connected.  So connecting the devices is one. Adding the salespeople is another key one. One of the reasons we were successful in our conversion rates last year, was simply putting people in the building, working with the building operator to say, while it's under warranty, or while it's under an agreement with someone else, there's value-added services that we can provide. So increasing our sales forces in a very targeted way, so for example, in China, at some of the tier two cities, in the North America at some of the underserved regions that we have today. So really it's a lot of blocking and tackling. I am very confident in the double-digit aftermarket growth this year.
David Gitlin: And I would add, Jeff, that look, we've been clear that our G&A is just too high. So, it's - we have a very structured focus around taking G&A out. It's not something that you can kind of do the right way overnight. What we're trying to do, rather than just give kind of headcount targets or things like that, we're trying to make structural changes. We have a leader that reports to me, Eva Azoulay, who's leading a whole low cost center of excellence approach. We're outsourcing some aspects. We’re moving some of the work to low cost COEs, and we're really trying to reduce our G&A in a structured way. ‘21 is a lot of putting that in place. So we'll start to see a lot of the benefit of it as we get into ‘22 and beyond. So our G&A should come down for sure. And $100 million of the Carrier 700 is G&A. So we expect to start seeing that drop through, certainly as we get into ‘22. 
David Gitlin: Yes. Certainly, we were pleased with backlog coming in 3x higher than it was at the same time last year, Steve. What we've really worked very purposefully on with our distributors, is to make sure that we were trying to match our flow to them with their movements at the dealer base. So, as Patrick said, we had sales in the fourth quarter up 25%. Movement from the distributors into the dealers was about 20%. Inventory was up around 10% coming out of last year into this year. So fairly normalized.  We saw order strength continue to be very, very strong in January. Now, part of it is that you know that we have a good position with new home construction. That was up about 8% last year. We expect it to continue to be strong this year, but we're working very closely with our channel partners to make sure that we're giving them what they need when they need it. And there's just a lot of demand in the system, but we're trying to modulate that to make sure we're there to support them so they can support the dealer network. 
David Gitlin: Yes. Jeff, I’d add that I think we really view this as a tale of two halves. You look at the first half, we're coming in with very strong backlogs. Orders, Patrick mentioned, were up 15% in the fourth quarter. Some were quite high, like in our transport refrigeration business, very strong there. So we like our opening backlog position. Orders continued to be very strong in January almost across the portfolio. So we expect that the backlog in orders to carry us through the first half. Clearly you have the compares, but as you get into the second half, there's pent up demand in some of the key verticals that have been acutely challenged.  So, our light commercial business, we start - we would expect to see recovery as we get into the second half of this year. You start looking at some parts of our fire and security business that were hurt by small and medium sized businesses and the impact of retail and some of the big box retail impacts that we've seen. So we expect that first half carry through with backlog, second half as economy starts to reopen and there's some pent up demand, we expect that to give us some lift in the second half. Tough compares, but progress in some acutely impacted verticals.
David Gitlin: Well, we looked at - we were looking at 20% movement in 4Q from our distributors into the dealer. So we were trying very hard to really match our sell in and sell out. It was a little bit higher on what we sold to them than what they moved out, but not materially. So there is significant demand in the channel. I would say that one thing that is positive is that we have gained share. It's always complicated when you look at share on a quarter-to-quarter basis with all the different moving parts on selling, either direct to dealers or selling through independent distribution.  But if you just step back and look at 2020 as a whole, our resi sales were up 10%, and you're looking at probably a market that was up 7% to 8%. So we feel positive that we're gaining share the right way. Our partnership with our distribution partners has been very positive. New construction is - new home construction has been positive. So, we feel positive about where we are and where we're going on Resi. And we're trying to be very careful to not get out over our skis, ourselves or our distribution partners.
David Gitlin: Deane, we're in the process of building up that pipeline. We’ve had some that we've been working. We’re adding more to the pipeline. So it's something that as we continue to look at the portfolio, there's still some things that we would say that we're assessing whether or not they would be of more value in the hands of others. And then we look at our overall strategic priorities, healthy, safe, and sustainable buildings, is a big ecosystem, the cold chains and other ecosystem, our three pillars of growth. We want to grow the core. We want to look at adjacencies. We’re underrepresented in China. We’re underrepresented in BRF. So those are areas. And anything that builds out our services in aftermarket offerings as we continue to shift to recurring revenue. So we have some things in the pipeline that we've been working. We're trying to add to that pipeline as we go.
David Gitlin: Yes, we do expect double-digit organic growth in the first quarter, and we do expect margin expansion as well in the first quarter. And as I mentioned earlier, we think that the timing of the investments is pretty even throughout the year. 
David Gitlin: Yes. I look at it. The - it impacted (indiscernible) as we start to see some of the brick-and-mortar. We saw very strong e-commerce sales in our residential smoke detector business, but we did see an impact on more of the brick-and-mortar piece of that business. So we are expecting, with the vaccine distribution, some recovery there as we get into the latter part of 2021. Another piece of the business is some of the security portfolio that some of that piece of that business is tied a little bit to - more towards SMB and small and medium sized businesses. So if you take our S2 business, for example, we start - we would expect to see that to start open up with pent up demand with the SMB side of the business as we get into the second half of the year.
David Gitlin: Yes. I mean, I think, look, the restaurant closures, I mean, it's something that we watch, not only for our fire and security business, but our light commercial business. We look at that business. That was down 10% in the fourth quarter, and we have that business up mid-single digits this year. So we do - clearly there's been a big impact on that whole industry, but we do expect to see some pent up demand as people start to reenter society in the second half of the year.
David Gitlin: Yes. On the equipment side, look, we've added the salespeople. We've introduced some new products. It's not really putting a new machine, a new construct in place. It was really accelerating, doing what we know how to do, with more focus and energy. So the ability to turn that in an effective way, has been positive and a bit easier than it has been on the aftermarket for us, because it hasn't traditionally been as big of a focus area for us as it has been perhaps for a couple of our peers that have done well in this area. So, I would say on the aftermarket, we added a new head of aftermarket, Ajay Agrawal. He’s been working tightly with the new heads of aftermarket that we put in place in the BUs and the BU presidents. And now we’ve put in place a playbook that we know works, but it's not a playbook that you can effect overnight. So adding the sales and sales support people, adding a blue edge tiered offering, adding digital offerings that can really differentiate the overall offerings. So a lot of this playbook of how we think about pricing parts and how we can provide more value-added to our customers, that playbook is in the process of being rolled out. But when we talk about a 20% increase in our chiller coverage this year, that's a pretty big percentage. And a lot of 2020 was putting that foundation in place. 2021, for us, is the show-me year. And now we’ve got to kind of go realize a lot of that foundation that we put in place last year.
David Gitlin: Look, we said consistently that we would be very objective as we look at our current portfolio, and that's continued. We started that process day one, and that's going to continue really forever. So we look at all aspects of the portfolio, whether they're worth more to someone else than they are to us, and whether they fit in our long-term strategy. And that applies - I mean, you mentioned Chubb. It applies really across the board. So we will continue to assess. We will continue to do what's right for our shareholders. If we make that determination, we will look at what to sell and what's the right time to sell. And then the exciting thing for me is that we now have the balance sheet flexibility to start looking more aggressively at bolt-on M&A. So, we're hopeful to see some of that in ‘21 as well.
David Gitlin: Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you, everyone, for joining. Sam is around to take your questions, and we appreciate all of the focus and attention this morning. Thank you.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Joe, Patrick here. So really one big item, as part of those one-time items is, as I mentioned, a vendor contract renegotiation. Think of it as a pre-spin contract that we had from another UTC umbrella. We think we can do better than that specific contract. So we decided to terminate it. There were costs associated with that that we incurred in the quarter. We'll benefit from that in future years, and the NPV obviously was positive on that transaction. That was by far the biggest item within the $50 million. And I would say that clearly HVAC had the biggest part of that one-time cost of about $50 million in the quarter. So clearly, HVAC margins were impacted by that more than the other segments.
Patrick Goris: Sure. So within HVAC, currency helped us. Currency translation was a tailwind on sales of about $40 million. So basically with no operating profits to the contribution. We did see a benefit of the higher volume, particularly in Resi, which was up 25%. Mix was actually a headwind in the quarter, and actually that relates to commercial HVAC. The applied equipment piece of commercial HVAC returned to growth. We saw that up low single digits, which is a good thing. We saw good growth in China.  We have not yet seen service in aftermarkets return to growth. Service in aftermarket was down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. They tend to have better margins. Now, the good thing is, backlog for service in aftermarket was up double-digits for us in the quarter. So that bodes well for future periods. Other items that impacted the HVAC margins in the quarter, one, you referred to investments. Investments were up $75 million in the quarter for the overall company. HVAC saw the vast majority of that. And so that, together with the one-timers that I referred to earlier, is really the story around HVAC margins. For next year, we expect for the full year, HVAC margins to be close to 16%.
Patrick Goris: And then Nigel, of the 150 million, about half of it would be carryover from investments made late in 2020.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Jeff. For 2020, price realization was really about flat. Our lead for ‘21, we’re very closely monitoring commodity prices, especially steel, copper, aluminum. We expect price to offset commodity inflation in 2021. We announced our price increase during the normal cycle, which is early in our first quarter. And then from a blocking or locking point of view, currently over 75% of our 2021 requirements are locked or blocked. If prices stay high, of course this could be a watch out in for 2022, but we'll be continuing to look at this closely and looking, of course, at continued recovery through pricing as well. So overall, neutral for fiscal ‘21.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Jeff, I think this will be de minimis in fiscal 2021. There might be a little bit in the first quarter, but really not a big number for the full year. 
Patrick Goris: Yes. Jeff, I think from an investment point of view, you can expect that to be fairly even throughout the year in 2021. From a incremental point of view, as I mentioned, Q1, a little weaker than the other quarters. 
Patrick Goris: I think it's really driven by residential in the second half. So obviously we had a very strong resi second half in 2020, with very high growth rates. As we lap these, some of those headwinds get partial - get offset by what we expect to be a pickup in light commercial, commercial HVAC in our fire and security business. And so, that's really the - what we're counting on in the second half of the year, there is a recovery related to COVID that helps offset some of those headwinds in resi. 
Patrick Goris: Yes. Under our current covenants, we have those restrictions and those remain there until the end of the year. We could decide to renegotiate them. The other factor that's at play here is that our current capital structure, we're kind of growing into our existing credit ratings. And so by the end of the year, our capital structure will be much more aligned with our existing credit rating. And so, this would not be the time to buy back significantly more shares, as we're trying - as we’re still working our way into our existing credit rating. And so that's the other element that's at play here, Deane. We could renegotiate it, but there's still the credit rating that's in play as well. And it's clearly our intention to remain a solid credit rated company. 
Patrick Goris: Yes. I would say that the whole Southeast Asia is still fragile. I mean, it actually caught us a bit by surprise because it had been quite negative in the second and third quarter. Even places like India, we started to see traction. Other places, Singapore, Australia. Hong Kong is still a mixed bag because of a multitude of reasons there. But we were pleasantly surprised by some of the traction we started to see in parts of Asia outside of China. And look, China has just remained just continuously strong, really across the portfolio, on the cold chain side, both in commercial refrigeration and transport refrigeration.  Overall, look at Carrier, our China - in the fourth quarter, China sales were up 10%. Orders were up about 5% in China. Particularly strong in refrigeration, where it was up about 20%. So we remain very, very bullish on China overall, and it was nice to see progress in Southeast Asia, but it's still a watch item. We’ve got to see more vaccine distribution in places like India, and then we'll get more confidence on the sustainability.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Vlad, we would expect - and which is typical for our business, that the first quarter would be our weakest quarter of free cash flow. And that the second half would generally be stronger than the first half. So generally Q1, we’d expect to be our lowest quarter of free cash flow, followed by stronger quarters and a significantly stronger second half than the first half. And that's, of course, related to some of the seasonality in our business, especially in HVAC.
Patrick Goris: And also, Julian, again, because of the strong Q4 orders that continued into January, our coverage for Q1 is solid. So we feel positive about that.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Actually, so for the full year, free cash flow, we expect it to be about flat year-over-year. Obviously, adjusted net income is expect to be up year-over-year. That's a tailwind there. There are two items that are large offsets. You mentioned one of them. Interest table is - we will make an extra $100 million of interest payments. And in CapEx, we expect also to be up about $65 million. And so that offsets most of the adjusted net income. We do expect working capital overall to be a slight tailwind. On the headwinds associated with free cash flow, we expect comp and benefits to be a little bit of a headwind there in fiscal ’21. So those are the biggest pieces. It's really higher adjusted income, offset by $100 million extra interest payment, and $65 million additional CapEx. And then some minor items to make it flat year-over-year. Thanks, Julian.
