David Gitlin: Thank you, Sam, and good morning, everyone. Before we get into our 4Q results, let me start on slide two. On Sunday, we announced that we reached a definitive agreement to acquire Toshiba's controlling stake and Toshiba Carrier Corporation our long standing HVAC joint venture. This is an important and compelling deal for us that we believe will create significant value for our customers, employees and shareowners by enhancing our position in the fast growing variable refrigerant flow and international light commercial markets.  We established our minority JV with Toshiba in 1999. Carriers had distribution responsibility with Toshiba having design and production responsibility. Together we have successfully grown TCC to be a world leader, with over $2 billion in sales. This acquisition will enable us to accelerate growth and profitability in this business by consolidating design, production and distribution under one roof, realizing synergies and leveraging our global scale to deliver even more differentiated products and solutions to customers globally.  Before we talk more about the strategy behind this deal, let me have Patrick quickly discuss the financials, Patrick. 
David Gitlin: Thanks, Patrick. So we are very pleased with our 2021 performance, but it is time to look forward. And as we do so, we are very bullish on the strategic and financial opportunities that lie ahead. With that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Yes, Julian, first on our Commercial Refrigeration business. It is one of our lower-margin businesses. It's kind of been in that mid- to high single-digit range from a margin perspective, and we've been consistent that we need to improve that business. So we have a lot of focus on it. We're pushing the team for significant margin expansion this year, but I would tell you, it's one of the businesses that last year did not perform at the levels that we would have expected. Now we are being more aggressive than we had been in the past on the price side. We are pushing operational performance, we are pushing differentiation and digital performance, we're rolling out length. So Tim, White, David, Apple and the team are really focused on doing the right things to improve the business, but that's a key focus area for us. And we know that we need to do it, but we have confidence around our plans in '22 to really improve the margins of that business. For overall transport refrigeration, I mean the fundamentals remained strong. As Patrick said upfront, we did toggle back on our order book purposely in the fourth quarter. We have plenty of backlog. We are working with our customers to make sure that -- we were taking the orders at the right time to support their needs when they need them. So we reopened the order book here in January. January orders were consistent with what we expected them to be.  We feel good about our backlog position in both North American truck trailer and European truck trailers. So the overall market seems like in a good place to us right now. Our overall focus for transport refrigeration and just generally supporting our customers. We still remain challenged on chip side and so input challenges. So we're spending a little bit more than we have in the past. Operationally, it's driving some inefficiencies in the factories, but we are -- our focus right now is supporting our customers. But the business feels positive to us, Julian.
David Gitlin: Yes, Dean, what I'd tell you is that we certainly did have some supply chain issues. What I will tell you is that the bookings have been extremely positive. We do have some overdue sales to our customers. It's probably in the $200 million to $300 million range that we could have gotten had we not had the supply chain issues. But I would tell you that despite that, we go in -- we went into this year with record backlogs. And I will tell you that I'm very, very proud of the operations team in going to great lengths to support our customers despite the challenges.
David Gitlin: Well, it's kind of one step at a time. What I'll tell you is that our sales in VRF, after we close on the Toshiba acquisition, we'll be up 4x from the time that we spun. So organic growth on our own VRF business that we had has been very positive. Then we added Giwee. Now we're going to close on Toshiba in the coming months. We're going to be integrating 6,000 phenomenal Toshiba employees into the system. We're going to have a multi-brand multi-channel strategy. We have to kind of let the dust settle on that, and then we'll assess where we go from there. But our goal in all of our businesses were leadership, and we'll drive that in all segments.
David Gitlin: Yes. If you look at what we've said, Jeff, is that the business that we're going to be inheriting is a little over $2 billion of sales, call it, $2.1 billion of sales with $250 million of EBITDA. So you have the margins on the base business there. And we said that we would have $100 million of synergies. So we'll grow margins through synergies. And we'll also grow margins as we would expect with all of our -- all of our businesses through top line growth and of course, the aggressive cost reduction actions that we take in all parts of our business. So we do see VRF margins growing. We do know that we have one of our peers in the VRF space with margins in the mid-20s. We won't be at that level in the next year or 2, but we also see that we have significant room for margin expansion. And the other thing is that there's some really nice -- one of the big things with the Toshiba acquisition is our focus on sustainability. They come to the table with phenomenal heat pump capabilities. We can use that technology, in other parts of our business, for example, we started to transition boilers and burners into more of a heat pump based business. We can use that the Giwee and the Toshiba technology to bring up the margins of that business. So we see this as margin expansion for the base TCC business and helping the broader Carrier margin story.
David Gitlin: Yes, Andrew, if I understand the question, it's really about North American resi. And as we transition to the new SEER requirements for '23, do you expect an element of pre-buy? I think it will be at the margin. We're expecting our resi business to be up high single digits this year. I mean, the bulk of that is coming. We're getting very good price realization in that business. So the bulk of it is from price. You may get a point or two from volume.  There could be a bit of pre-buy in the north because that's state of manufacturer. We're not really banking a much prebuy there. So what I will tell you is that what we focused on for 2023 was differentiation, things like copper to aluminum and other key technical attributes that we think would distinguish us in anticipation of 2023. So the products ready, the manufacturing sites are ready, and we just got to kind of get ready for that ramp as we get into the latter part of this year.
David Gitlin: Yes. We will actually have a 3-brand strategy. We'll have Toshiba Carrier in Giwee in our VRF space. What we're going to do -- and Chris will get into this more on our February 22 Investor Day, but he's going to create a third segment under himself. So we'll have the traditional commercial applied business. We'll have residential light commercial, and then we're going to have a third business that has that VRF international light commercial heat pump business in it for globally. And that will include the Toshiba business, the Giwee business and some other aspects of our heat pump business. And then we can work a multi-brand, multichannel strategy for that business globally.
David Gitlin: Well, what's great about one of the many things, Tommy, that's great about this acquisition is we try to work customer back. We have, as part of the TCC joint venture, we've been responsible for almost all the distribution globally. So we get that customer input, but the design and production has largely been under Toshiba's responsibility. So there's been a bit of a breakpoint there. Now having it all under one roof, we get the customer input. What exactly features are they looking for? What brand and what technologies would be most suited for that application? And then we can feed that back into the design and the production of the product. So depending on where we are in the world, I can tell you that Toshiba is very well recognized and respected globally, certainly in China and elsewhere. So that brand plays great. We've been growing the Carrier brand under VRF, of course, Giwee now in the mix. So we can work this multi-brand strategy. And operationally, Toshiba comes to the table with a great footprint. They have brand-new factories in China, a brand-new factory in Poland, which plays well for putting more load from Carrier into those factories as well. They have facilities in Thailand, Japan and India. So a great footprint. So there's a lot of complementary footprint actions that we take on both sides. And of course, the supply chain piece. We have -- this is what we do for a living, HVAC. This is one of -- obviously, more than half of our sales are in the space. So integrating them into our overall supply chain can drive a lot of cost synergies and operational improvements as well.
David Gitlin: Well, let me just give you a few data points, Josh, that the number -- obviously, we focus a lot on movement and inventories. Movement in the fourth quarter was up 6%. It's continued to be fine into January. So one key thing is that movement from our distributors to our dealers has continued to be positive. Inventories, we don't see getting away from us. So we mentioned that splits in the fourth quarter were up, say, mid-single digits. But largely, in balance to what we would have expected. We come into the year with our backlog up almost 3x year-over-year. So very strong backlog. Inventories generally balanced. Movement seems okay. We watch the order rates, but frankly, orders will be down probably in the first quarter year-over-year just given compares and given the overall backlog situation. So that doesn't alarm us. What we watch more is inventory levels and movement, which both seem to be generally where we would expect them to be.
David Gitlin: Yes. What I would tell you, Joe, is that I think that a chunk of the selling is just carryover for hires that we made last year. So I don't see '22 being a year of significant adds to our sales force. I think that we felt like we had to get to a certain level, make sure that we integrate our sales force appropriately, appropriately train them, incentivize them, make sure that we are getting the drop-through that we expect. So I think that we're in a bit of a settling out period on that. I don't see significant headcount adds to our sales force because we like where we are going into '22.
David Gitlin: Well, the nice thing, Joe, is that we put ourselves in position for that optionality. We started -- when we spun from UTC less than two years ago, $9 billion, $10 billion of net debt, and now we have a little less than $4 billion. So we are in a position to do a lot of things on the capital allocation side. We obviously, have Toshiba. We talked about increasing the dividend by 25% for this year. We talked about the share buyback of around $1.6 billion. And we have plenty of firepower for additional acquisitions. So we've done a lot of work in building out the pipeline.  Of course, our focus right now is integrating closing on and then integrating Toshiba. But we continue to look for other acquisitions. And we want to make sure that they're in the fairway and focused on our key areas of strategic priorities: healthy, safe, sustainable and intelligent building and cold chain solutions. And there are -- again, we're building out the pipeline. We continue to look at our current portfolio, and make sure that everything in our current portfolio fits with us and we're the better owner and we'll continue to look on the outside and always prune and we have a lot of self-help capabilities and we'll continue to stay active.
David Gitlin: Well, obviously, we want to make sure that we get margin expansion, but we've seen very good price realization. And I think a lot of the share gains that we've seen are in part because of the investments we've made in things like digital differentiation, technology differentiation and the additional sales force we've had. But we've also worked very closely with our distribution partners to kind of improve those relationships and how we support our customers. And frankly, our operational performance; is I think, really helping us in our ability to support the demand that's out there. We gained about 130 bps in share and splits last year. We gained about 350 basis points in light commercial, and that is not at the on the pricing side through anything we're doing there. In fact, I would tell you, we've been, I think, appropriately aggressive on the pricing side given some of the dynamics we're seeing on the input side. So we have to do both. We have to grow the business. We're focused on differentiating the business, and we have to have margin expansion. I think we've done a nice job of balancing those.
David Gitlin: It's been -- it's the same with the rest of our business is that we want to provide life cycle solutions for our customers. And to drive additional parts on the resi side, it has to do with how we work with our suppliers, how we work with our distribution partners, our dealers, our end customers. So we've tried to take a series of actions in a new playbook to make sure that we can get customers the parts they need when they need them, at the price points they need them. So it's been, frankly, a focus area, and it's been some nice tailwind for us.
David Gitlin: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining. We're looking forward to seeing you here down at Palm Beach Gardens on February 22. Thank you, all.
Patrick Goris: Thank you, Dave. And good morning. Under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire substantially all of Toshiba's interest in TCC for about $900 million. As you can see on the slide, Toshiba owns about 60% of TCC. Taking into account direct and indirect ownership structures of TCC subsidiaries, Toshiba's economic interest in TCC has fluctuated between 30% and 50% over time. Toshiba is retaining a 5% interest in TCC, or less than a 5% economic interest.  TCC generated 2021 calendar year sales of about $2.1 billion and approximately $250 million of EBITDA. We have been recording equity income associated with the TCC joint venture and have collected dividend payments as well. After the transaction closes, we will of course no longer record equity income. But once that fully consolidate TCCs financial statements.  Adjusting for intercompany sales and for the equity income that we recognize today, we expect to add about $2 billion to consolidated sales EBITDA of about $160 million and operating profit of approximately $90 million before purchase price adjustments such as intangible amortization, the $90 million operating profit is a reasonable proxy for the economic EBITDA we are acquiring.  Expected cost synergies of about $100 million will help us increase TCCs EBITDA margins. This acquisition is aligned with themes you have consistently heard from us; profitable growth, simplification, focus, and improved free cash flow. Let me turn it back to Dave to slide three and the strategic rationale behind the transaction. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, Julian, Patrick here. So maybe I'll start with providing a little bit of additional color on the Q4 HVAC margins. As you mentioned, they were down 100 bps year-over-year. Think of volume being a tailwind to segment margin of 100 bps. Think of acquisitions where we added almost $100 million of revenue. But given also intangibles, operating profit is still slightly negative. That's almost 100 basis points headwind to margin for HVAC. Price cost, while slightly positive, as I mentioned for this segment, is actually 0.5 or 50 bps of a headwind this segment as this JV income. JV income is down year-over-year. That's another 0.5 point of headwind. And then investments offset mostly offset the Q4 2020 items we had. And so that gets you basically the 100 bps of headwind year-over-year for HVAC. In terms of 2020 and the calendarization there -- 2022, I should say, I think -- and I'm going to really provide color about the overall company rather than by segment. For Q1, we think that the segment margins will be similar to what they were in '21, maybe a little bit lower, a few tens of a point. For Q2, we think it will be similar. And so we think that Q3, Q4 margins will be a little better in '22 than they were in 2021. And of course, that reflects what we're expecting from a price cost point of view. We expect Q1 to be still slightly negative from price cost. I mentioned in my comments. We expect Q2 at this point to be about neutral. And in Q3, Q4, we expect to be slightly positive. And that would help our margins across our segments.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So the first question, I think, on the $1 billion think of $600 million so related to commodities, Tier 1 and Tier 2. And think of the remaining $400 million being other components as well as freight. And so that's the $1 billion. In terms of price realization, the $1 billion. On the call, we said last quarter, we said that the carryover we expected for '22 to be $350 to $400 million, as you mentioned. We actually did better than we expected in Q4 on pricing. We actually delivered about $50 million, $60 million better than what we expected on price, and it also means that the carryover is better.  And that's why we say of the overall $1 billion that we now target for this year, all but $200 million of that is either carryover or the prices that we have announced and have become effective in January of this year.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Nigel, we were not going to get into the details of what we're assuming for steel, aluminum and copper. I would just say that for aluminum and copper, we're about 70% locked for the year in terms of hedges. And also, we've also have some protection on the steel side as well with some agreements with some of our vendors, but we were not going to get into the specific rates we got locked into.
Patrick Goris: Compared to our reported margins from last year, so including Chubb, the external reported ones. And as I said, similar, maybe a few 10 bps lower.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Tommy, Patrick here. So I'd say that -- and I mentioned this in my comments that clearly, the G&A element of our productivity for next year is going to be much larger than it was in '21 at $100 million. And a lot of these actions have already been implemented. And so I'd say that, that is something where we do not have a big hockey stick in the year. There will be continued savings on the factory side as well as on the direct side, the direct material side, including a healthy amount of carryover. And so I'd say that Q1 will be closer to 15 -- actually, Q1 will be close to about 20% of the full year number of productivity we're looking at. And so I'd say not a huge hockey stick throughout the year, but we are assuming an improvement in factory efficiencies starting in Q2 versus where we were in Q4 and early Q1. And so that's certainly something that we are working hard on to realize because we are assuming a sequential improvement in factory efficiencies.
Patrick Goris: On the free cash flow the TCC, as Dave mentioned, they've had some several years of big investments in new facilities. Our estimate is that for 2021, the free cash flow conversion there was closer to about 80%. Once you normalize CapEx, we see no reason why it would be similar to us, which is about 100% conversion of free cash flow. And of course, once we go through the integration, there might be some onetime costs associated with that, but that is all the work that will be done over the next several months.
Patrick Goris: Steve, you are looking at it the right way. And in terms of visibility, I think this is something over the next couple of months, not six months from now. And so it is more concrete than we're thinking about it.
Patrick Goris: Yes, I'll do so. Last year, Q4 was closer to 50 for the overall company. And HVAC being the largest segment got the majority of that. And that was mostly not completely offset by incremental investments in the segment in Q4 of '21.  And then other items I mentioned was -- you have about a 0.5-point headwind in HVAC because of price cost, even though price/cost was slightly favorable. And then JV income and acquisitions were a slight headwind as well for HVAC in Q4 '21.
