David Gitlin: Well, thank you, Patrick. In closing, Carrier continues performing while transforming. We had another strong quarter. And more importantly, we again increased our outlook for 2023 with mid-single-digit organic growth, margin expansion, double-digit adjusted EPS growth and strong free cash flow performance, all broadly in line with the value creation framework that we shared with you at our latest Investor Day. So with just a couple of months more to go in 2023, we are, of course, already looking ahead to 2024 with continued confidence in strong top and bottom line growth and cash conversion. With that, we'll open this up for questions.
David Gitlin: Well, Deane, let me just first give you a little bit of color on just how Viessmann Climate Solutions business has been doing year-to-date. Look, their sales are up about 18% year-to-date. Heat pump sales were up over 35%. They've had strong margin expansion. They're still tracking to the financials that we had thought for this year. And when we look ahead, I could tell you that we are very confident in the overall earnings trajectory that we had put in our business case. Clearly, when you see governments adjust some of their regulations and subsidies from 1 year to another, you may see some impact on the adoption rate of heat pumps. I think what you'll see is what we all saw, which is backlogs got to very high levels. We saw it throughout our portfolio. I think every industrial company saw it, is that as we all face some of the supply chain issues, backlogs were elevated way beyond typical levels. I think that we'll see those backlog levels for Viessmann come back in line with what would have been historic levels. And I do think that when we look at countries like Germany and Italy, you will see some short-term movement in some of the order rates as those legislations play themselves out. But look, there's -- number one, there's no question in anyone's mind, you're going to see this continued transition to heat pumps overall in Europe. And it doesn't take minor swings in oil and gas prices to even accelerate that. Second, they could not be better positioned to outgrow the market. We've talked consistently about their channel, their technology, their brand and how differentiated they are. And especially when I mentioned in my prepared remarks about them introducing new products, which exposes them to a completely new part of the market that they weren't in before when these products come out in 1Q, and they have the advantage of having complete home energy management solutions. So -- and in the background, it wouldn't surprise you that we will push very hard to overdrive on top and bottom line synergies. And we've had a chance to spend a lot of time with Thomas, the leader of that business and his team. The more time we spend with them, the more excited we are and the more confident we are in the value proposition from that combination.
David Gitlin: Yes. Look, I mean, we -- sales were up 30%, as you mentioned, Deane, in the quarter. And I think when we look at the full year, we thought light commercial was going to be up 20%. I think for the full year, it's going to be up 30% as well. So when we look at it, there are some verticals that just remain extremely strong. K-12 orders were up 25% in the quarter. The pipeline there is even up 50% and we still see strong demand in some of the value-based retailers. There are some verticals that will be under some level of pressure, things like warehousing and some of things like higher-end restaurants and office space perhaps. But the overall underlying demand, especially in some of the key verticals, is strong and the backlog is still elevated. Normally, you'd have kind of 4 to 6 weeks backlog. And our backlog, as we sit here today, extends into the second quarter of next year. So we'll continue to watch inventory levels similar to what I said for Viessmann is that you did have demand that was and backlog beyond historic levels, those should normalize over time. We'll have to see as we get into next year. We're looking at the EPA ruling, which is data manufacturer with a 3-year grace period. So there will be, as we transition to 455, 454 be there as well. But overall, a great year for that team. And I think that we're pretty well positioned as we head into the first quarter of next year.
David Gitlin: Sure, Julian. Let me start with kind of the year and then give a little bit of color on what we see for next year in light of this recent EPA ruling. I think for overall this year, we're looking at resi being down mid-single digits with volume being down in the mid-teens. That would imply overall sales in the fourth quarter down about mid-single digits for resi. And I think that this is the quarter of -- I think this is sort of the most -- the end of a lot of the destocking that we've been seeing. So we want to end this year with inventory levels down at least in the mid-teens versus where we ended last year. So our first priority is always being there for our customers, but we also want to be very purposeful in working with our channel partners on making sure that inventory levels going into '24 are at least down 15% versus where we ended 2022. I had the chance to be with about 100 of our key distributors on Tuesday in Dallas. We talked a lot about this and the regulatory changes. And I think we're all lock-stepped together to go in this year in a way that supports our customers and positions us for next year. I think when you look at the recent EPA ruling that's just come over -- come out over the last week, the good news is that the data of install ruling, what that's going to do is accelerate 454-B systems demand, and we'll likely see more 454-B sales in '24 than we previously thought, and that mix is favorable. And I will say that thanks to the great work of our team, we will technically and operationally be ready to cut in the 450-4B sooner and to ensure that we comply. We also think that our ability to manage the cutover can be a competitive advantage because we were already accelerating this in order to reduce risk. We are encouraged that the EPA did clarify their -- we are encouraging, I will say, the EPA to clarify their position. Because the way it's written, it would effectively allow dealers to replace the outdoor unit only with a 410-A replacement if it's not part of a system level change. And that could be interpreted as allowing 410-A sales indefinitely, and we don't think that was their intent. We've had a seat at the table with the administration, with the DOE, with the DPA, with bipartisan members of governors and the Hill, and we know what their intent is. And the way it's drafted, it's not consistent with the intent to transition to a more environmentally friendly refrigerant. Second, it will create a bit more complexity in the channel and supply chain. So we are encouraging them to clarify their position a bit. And I think and we'll see how that plays itself out. But regardless specifically to your question, Julian, what we said on pricing for 454-B stands. We said it would be up 15% to 20% over 2 years, in part because of our typical annual price increase, in part because of the extra cost associated with the system. I will tell you, keep in mind this year, we sort of break out price and mix. But if you combine those together for resi with the zero change, we'll be up 10% on price and mix combined. So when we look specifically at 410-A pricing, we will be raising price there as well, in part because of the increased carrying costs driven by the complexity of the ruling, but in part because that we will see a reduction of supply in the U.S. before 10-A. So we'll need to -- we'll have to deal with pricing to adjust for that. But we will also be looking at when we look at 410-A replacements for outdoor only, looking at treating that similar to how we would treat an aftermarket replacement, which would have limited warranty implications, and we're still evaluating that, but we will look at that. So net-net, EPA ruling more 54-B sooner is overall good, a bit more uncertainty as we navigate this with our partners, but I don't think there's going to be a company more prepared to deal and address with the switchover.
David Gitlin: Yes. I'll start, Jeff, with the cash that we have. So we have $3.9 billion at the end of Q3. We expect that to grow further by the end of the year. You can think of about $1 billion of that generally is what we need to run the business would be, call it, not accessible, we wouldn't plan on using that. The remainder of the cash we would intend to use for the acquisition. So that's one. Two, with respect to cash at Viessmann. The type of acquisition we've done is a lockbox mechanism, which is typical for European deals. And in essence, it means that all these earnings and the cash generated within Viessmann as of January 1 of this year 2023 remains within Viessmann. And we get access to that the day we acquired them. And so we do expect at the time of closing to have access to that cash and to use some of that cash again to pay down some of the short-term -- the terminals we expect to use, for example, to fund the acquisition. The last question you had was, I think, was about the blended rate. And we assumed back in April a little bit of a conservative rate overall at about 6% to finance the transaction. And based on everything we know now, some of the locks we've put in place, we think we're very close to that number. It would also mean that our overall cost of debt, weighted cost of debt post the transaction would be right around 4% based on where interest rates are today.
David Gitlin: Yes. Look, I think it was interesting. We saw ABI come out at 44% and exactly what you said, Joe, that there was -- that created a fair amount of anxiety, but there wasn't as much exuberance when it was over 50 for 3 of the last 5 months and it went through a stretch where it was over 50, I think, for almost a year straight. So I think, look, we take those metrics with, I think, a sober view, but a very look at the agility that we have as a team to pivot to where the strength is. So we look at certain verticals that remain just extremely strong, and we see that we still have in commercial HVAC extremely elevated backlog levels going into next year. And it's because that some of the orders we've seen in education, not only K-12 with the Ester funding, but also higher end, very strong data centers. We look at some areas of industrial, not only in the United States. But even though real estate remains under a lot of pressure in places like China, commercial real estate in the United States is under pressure, we see things like the Chips Act and we see things like some of the EV type spending we're seeing in China very strong, and we're winning more than our fair share of a lot of that new construction. And that's driven by some of the regulatory environment, decarb trends. So look, we take a very balanced view. I don't think a lot of people were thinking that light commercial would be up 30% this year, which it will be. I think going into next year, we'll go into next year, good backlog in commercial HVAC. We think that we're sort of bottoming them out in some of the resi space in the United States. We see aftermarket growth double digits. We've done a really nice job with the Abound and Lynx and the whole playbook around driving more recurring revenues to smooth some of the cycles, we've come a long way there. And then I think with some of our businesses like container, we went through a rough patch on container, which we fully expected, and we see that starting to recover here in 4Q going into next year. So I think we'll have a very balanced view. But we'll go into next year looking with good backlog in the longer-cycle businesses, and we still see orders trends in some of the key verticals that I think position us for solid growth next year.
David Gitlin: Well, look, last year, orders were up around low double digits. We'll have to see orders here in 4Q. It's too hard to tell just yet. But when you look at it, our backlog is up 40% on a 2-year stack. So I think that when we look at it by region, Europe has been almost surprisingly resilient. And we think about -- I mentioned that heat pumps up 70% in the quarter for commercial heat pumps. So we see continued strong demand in Europe, especially for heat pumps. North America we actually had much elevated lead time and backlog levels given a couple of operational issues that we had that are now significantly improving. The team's done a really nice job and making progress in some of our North American operational issues. So as that continues to improve and lead times eventually get back to more normal levels, we'll see orders start to increase there. And then China is kind of a mixed bag. China is under a little bit of pressure certainly on the real estate side. But as I mentioned, some of the infrastructure spend continues to be strong. We had a very recent win here for 6 chillers in China included a lot of our automated system. We're pushing very hard on aftermarket connected devices there. So we'll have to see. But I don't see a huge rebound here in China and 4Q. But hopefully, as we get into next year, things start to stabilize a bit there on the -- some key verticals.
David Gitlin: Look, there's so much to like there. I mean we've always known that as countries change regulation subsidy levels, that will have quarter-to-quarter impacts. We saw it in Italy last year that Italy had subsidy levels at 110% going back a couple of years and then they changed it to 90%, and that caused year-over-year headwinds in anxiety in Italy. That will smooth itself out over time. But if you're trying to predict what's going to happen as regulations change from 1 year to another, that will have some short-term swings. And I think that's what's being highlighted by some of Viesmmann peers. We're seeing in the German legislation that we do think that the regulation has written will go through. There's still a bit of a debate on the exact subsidy levels. Those subsidy levels will be debated, I think, November 6 and 7 in Germany levels. We expect those will all be promulgated and go into effect in January of next year. If you see an increase in subsidy levels, that will have a natural belling effect on orders as consumers wait for those increased subsidy levels to go into effect. So will that have an impact potentially on 1Q for 1 business from here to there? Of course, it will. But when we step back, we say, is the transition to heat pumps in Europe here to stay? We are 100% confident in that. Is Viessmann the best positioned company because they are not a pure play either heat pump or boiler company? Yes, because they have not only mixed factories, they have mixed lines. So as boilers, there's going to be more boilers next year than we had earlier anticipated, which I think there will be. They make great margins on boilers and they're able to swing their operational performance to support that. And then you look at all the other capabilities they bring to the table, when you combine with a world-class company, there are so many very obvious synergies and then a lot of hidden synergies as we apply their technology to our businesses across the world. And we bring in, say, for example, the Carrier brand into their channel, those are immediate revenue synergies that can offset like if there's some 1Q heat pump headwind in Germany, you can look at all these other things, whether it's additional solar PV battery cells, things like that, or revenue synergies. So we just feel so confident in the business, in the team, in the overall trajectory and the overall earnings profile of that business.
David Gitlin: Interesting, Gautam. We have not. And I actually asked that question. We were -- I mentioned that a couple of days ago, I was with our top distributors. It's something that when economies soften that you naturally look for. But we have not seen that. We haven't seen the mixing down. We haven't seen the trading down, replacing parts instead of entire systems. So for us, what we're doing is, I think the team did a superb job in the switchover and the new SEER unit. We are now laser focused on positioning ourselves for the refrigerant change, which gives pricing some both price and mix benefits to offset some of the destocking that we saw throughout '23 that we'll see into -- into the fourth quarter. But then I think when we start next year, a lot of that will be behind us as we position ourselves for the 454-B switchover. So no, Gautam, we have not seen any material evidence of that.
David Gitlin: Yes. I think, look, there's been some skeptics on the -- whether we see the 15% to 20% over 2 years. We're very confident in that. We are going to increase price in resi. The normal price that we would have done anyway. We will continue to do that. As we go into next year, and we'll do it again in early 2025 as well. And then on top of that, you are adding some cost to the system for things like leak detection and sensors and some parts of the controls, and it would only be natural for us to increase price based on some of the additional protections that we're adding to the 454-B units. So we came into this year expecting price and mix benefit. I think it will turn out to be even slightly higher than we thought, around 10%. And we expect to see kind of similar orders of magnitude on price mix benefit with the 454-B unit.
David Gitlin: Brett, it could take a few different forms. Look, it could be a spin. It could be a split. We -- the example there would be J&J can view that was in the market recently. So that's an example that we benchmarked. We're preparing for different scenarios. And look, we've talked about a clean exit. We've talked about accelerating buyback. We've talked about our commitment to our investors to pay down debt. And what we're doing with this public company exit is achieving, yes, all of the above. So we'll work on the specific form as we get into early next year. The prep is the same effectively either way. And I'm very proud of the team because normally, a lot of this work would take longer. But the team is heads down working around the clock so we can be ready for public trading in the late spring of next year.
David Gitlin: Well, there's a couple of factors going on with international truck trailer. You also have a very rapid transition to electric going on there as well on truck. So I would tell you, we were pleasantly surprised with the low double-digit kind of increase -- the increase that we saw overall in international truck trailer. Orders were up 60% in the third quarter for our international truck trailer business, partly because of this transition to some of the electrification and partly because of the team has done very well in supporting the customers and the overall market demand. So we feel well positioned going into next year on the European truck trailer and even China has done well for us on the truck trailer side. And then North America truck trailer, despite people can sort of focus on some of the ACT numbers. But people said, look, 2023 ATP down mid-single digits for the year, our North American truck trailer will be up double digits. So we're taking a sober look at what ACT is saying for next year, but there's a lot of countervailing forces between, again, the shift to electrification, price, mix, and then this overall focus that we've had globally on length and more digitally enabled recurring revenues has yielded a lot of very strong results for us.
David Gitlin: I think it goes back to historical levels. I think what happened over these last couple of years is just very unique that as you saw some of the supply chain challenges that -- and the underlying demand was strong. The consumer has been strong. You saw a lot of people getting in line to make sure that they had their orders positioned for when they need them. I mean, for example, light commercial. Light commercial for the school year, a lot of those replacements they want to see happen during the summer time. So people are making sure that with the supply chain uncertainty people are getting in the queue to have their position protected I think what you've now seen is in the shorter-cycle business, generally a return to more historic levels. With some of the longer cycle businesses like for us, commercial HVAC, we're still -- again, where backlog is up 40% on a 2-year stack. We're still elevated lead times and elevated backlog levels. I think that you would expect that to start to normalize. But if the underlying demand, which depending on the vertical remains strong, you'll continue to see very strong growth in some of those key businesses. So I think there will be a leveling. That's why we don't get overly fixated on quarter-to-quarter orders because they can swing wildly much more than they ever would have in the past. We talked about them being up 40% or down 40%. We don't swing with those. We look more at our backlog levels and our lead time to make sure that we see the strength that we expect to see.
David Gitlin: No, I think that's about right. I mean I think that some of the shorter-cycle stuff is starting together. We're seeing more normal lead times in resi. I think that's going to happen for Viessmann Climate Solutions, that they'll start to get their backlogs back to more normal levels as you get into like the 1Q type timeframe. And then it just goes back to basics. So I think when you look at sort of the longer cycle stuff that's sort of by the end of '24, the shorter-cycle stuff is essentially there.
David Gitlin: Well, look, the -- obviously, resi's far bigger business than light commercial. And to your point, Andrew, light commercial has been, I know, far better than many thought that we're modeling it coming into the year, and we've been very pleased with the performance there. So resi is the biggest business, followed by commercial, followed by Light commercial. We think with some of the destocking that we'll see in 4Q, we're kind of in the switchover to 454-B in resi. We think there, we know volumes down mid-teens, sales down kind of mid-single digits for resi. We start to see recovery as we go into next year in that business. Light commercial is going to face some tough compares. But as I mentioned, a lot of those verticals remain very strong in light commercial. And they're also doing what the rest of the business is doing is very much leaning into connected devices and the aftermarket opportunity. And frankly, it's a bit nascent in that space, and we think there's a lot of opportunity there. And then I think commercial, we still are dealing with very significant backlog in the commercial side. The controls business has done extremely well. Aftermarket is doing very well, double digits there and with further growth there. So we think that with the strong backlog, we think eventually, lead times will kind of come back to normal for the North American commercial business. But they're still elevated, still strong backlog. So they're positioned for growth as we get into next year as well.
David Gitlin: Yes, Andrew, that's been very encouraging. We've done very, very well on many of the mega factories, and that includes both data centers. It includes factories associated with the Chips Act and some of the new construction activity there with all the Gen AI type activities. So we have solutions not only that we're doing more creative solutions with the high temperature and very high temperature heat pumps we mentioned. We've introduced new offerings like our mag bearing design for the Applied. We have a business that we bought a couple of years back called Nlyte that really complements our ALC controls business so we can provide sort of holistic controls to identify with specificity, where is the heat getting generated in a data center and how we dissipate that heat most efficiently. It's effectively an integrated AI tool in and of itself. So we love to see the continued construction with these mega projects, and we've gotten more than our fair share of new wins there.
David Gitlin: Well, look, let me just thank all of you, our investors, for their continued confidence, and let me thank our team. We have folks working tirelessly while we perform and continue to transform the business. So my hats off and thanks to the team. It's just not only working so hard, but working so well and together as a team. And with that, we'll conclude the call. And of course, Sam will be available for the rest of the day to everyone. Thank you all.
PatrickGoris: Yes. The answer to your last 2 questions, Julian, are yes on both counts. In terms of the HVAC margins, Sam pointed out that the transcript -- the life transcript said that I said that it's a $60 million tax benefit within JV income, within HVAC, it's $160 million, and that was offset by some discrete items that went the other way. But in summary, the large expansion of margins within HVAC, 410 bps year-over-year, despite the headwind from Toshiba Carrier consolidation, it's really driven by strong price cost and productivity. And that is the main driver that we see in that segment that also translates to the overall company. So some minor headwind to that. As I mentioned, acquisitions. We always invested with us a little bit there. But the main driver is productivity and price costs.
PatrickGoris: Jeff, 1-6, $16 million tax gain within HVAC as equity income. That is all offset by some smaller other items. So $16 million.
PatrickGoris: The biggest element, and it's what I'm going to share is from an overall company perspective, but it's the same, of course, for HVAC, even the size of that segment. One, significantly lower sales sequentially due to the season that moves, of course, ready as well as some of the higher-margin businesses. In addition, you heard us talk about ensuring that field inventories are rightsized. So there is some downtime in some of our facilities as well to ensure that we start out 2024 with appropriate levels of inventory. And then we continue to make some investments and JV income is seasonally lower as well in the last quarter of the year as we see every year. I would say those are the biggest moving pieces, Joe.
PatrickGoris: Nigel, the financial performance at Toshiba Carrier has been really strong. A lot of that is driven by the synergies. We mentioned, I think, last quarter that we're increasing the cost synergies from a target of $100 million run rate to $200 million. It is helping us significantly expand our margins in that business. To your point, the sales in Europe for that business were a little lighter for Global Comfort solutions. But the performance overall for that business is really strong. And the key driver there is really all the synergies that the team is driving. And we are nowhere near the actual run rate yet. And so we expect to benefit from that for the next couple of years as that expands.
PatrickGoris: Yes. Actually, I think that the HVAC margins for Q4 will be very similar to our Q1 margins. So I think they're very much aligned there. And as I mentioned in one of my prior answers, what we're going to see in HVAC in Q4, as we address the field inventories, we mentioned in our comments, we want the field inventories to end about mid-teens down versus the beginning of the year, a lot of it is going to happen in Q4. So we're going to see more downtime in our factories than initially planned. And that's going to impact some of the margins, of course, in that segment. We do expect price cost and productivity generally remain strong, but that is a headwind that we wouldn't have seen in the prior quarter, which is a destocking headwind affecting our factories.
PatrickGoris: If we -- it will -- of course, it will depend on what's happening with our working capital. And I think so far this year, we've done really well compared to the, obviously, compared to last year generally a whole lot more. We would have to make a significant additional dent into working capital. Clearly, that's our objective, but obviously not ready to commit to that before February when we provide guidance for next year.
