Theodore F. Craver: Dan, this is Ted. I think we're getting to that spot on EMG, particularly as it relates to potential discussions with bondholders, that, just frankly, is not going to be helpful or wise for us to kind of weight in and speculate on how those things might go. So I'm afraid you're going to kind of more likely than not get responses from us on those types of questions. We're just going to have to see how it develops. I think we've tried to lay out -- tried to lay it out in my comments that the fundamental approach is we believe that there needs to be some sort of -- some element of work with the bonds, looking at the capital structure, restructuring the capital. And that's going to most likely lead to a conversation with the bondholders. And that's probably just where we need to leave it at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: That is an additional reasonableness test. We've really got 3 categories here, fuel and purchased power cost, which are the ERA proceeding. We've got the steam generator replacement reasonableness application that we need to make for the capital, and then there's our O&M cost, which we talked about earlier.
Theodore F. Craver: Steve, this is Ted. I'm trying to be a little more serious. I think you put your finger on, obviously, one of the big issues. We are looking well into the future. We're looking at what the potential cash flows are going to be. Certainly, if we're engaged in conversations with bondholders and the like, they're going to be doing similar types of things. So there's judgments that have to be made, and there's no way to be assured that those things -- that you can make all those judgments perfectly. The one part that I think is immutable is we are not going to be making additional capital contributions from EIX and EMG. So it is a closed loop as far as we look at the cash flows. Number two, I think we see some ways in which cash can flow through the system more readily, which, presumably, would have value for EMG and for bondholders. And I'm sure that will be a big part of any kind of restructuring conversation with them. Beyond that, it's all the usual stuff. If you could tell me exactly where gas prices are going to be and coal prices, this is a pretty easy equation, but nobody has that. So we have to make those judgments as do the bondholders.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. Well, that gets into some of the judgments, which I'd probably -- I would probably prefer at this point not to go into those. I think the one other point that I might leave out there is one that I believe I made at the last call. And that is I don't think we really have a lot of interest in having EMG kind of lurch from quarter-to-quarter here. We need to, I think, really understand, is there a viable plan for EMG that allows us to make the retrofits that are economically sensible to make, reduce the debt in the order of $1 billion and have sufficient cash flow to refinance remaining debt. So it's kind of right-size the leverage and make the capital commitments that we need to make under the CPS agreement. We need to see a credible plan for that, and we need to be able to assure ourselves that EMG is viable and able to meet those objectives. Going quarter-to-quarter makes it increasingly difficult to manage the business, manage it effectively and, frankly, I don't think really helps the value for EIX shareholders. So that's really our objective, is to try to get this thing resolved, see a credible plan, take the approach we've done with other parts of this. We work cooperatively, that's always the way we start, and we work cooperatively to figure out if there is, in fact, a path and then make the decisions and move on from there.
Theodore F. Craver: I think we've typically made the statement that we need to be able to meet the capital requirements, the retrofit capital requirements under the CPS agreement, and more recently, U.S. EPA rules. Number two, that we can delever EMG. We've typically used this number, around $1 billion of debt. And that the subsequent cash flows in the business would allow credit metrics such that we could refinance the remaining debt when it comes due. So those are kind of the key markers, which are not really earnings-related markers, or if anything probably a little more related to EBITDA. But that to us would really spell a stabilized business that's able to meet its obligations and have positive cash flow, which I think ultimately translates into positive earnings. The exact timing on all of those, that's a little harder to predict at this point. But those are the key markers that we've typically laid out there. The conversations that we would have with all the other stakeholders, they're going to come to the table with things that are important to them. But those are the ones that kind of most on our mind.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, certainly, the maturity in middle of next year is something of a forcing function. But our intent is not to wait until June of next year. So the 6- to 12-month kind of marker that I put out there last summer, I think, still represents pretty much the right timing. So we've been getting more and more information. And as we've gotten that information, we've made some decisions, such as the Fisk and Crawford decisions, which clarify a little bit what some of the CapEx requirements are going to be. In a few weeks here, we'll hear where we are on the capacity prices, which I think will be important when you look at those in the context of last year's auction. So I think we're pretty much on the schedule that I mentioned, and most of the information that's relevant to making important decisions for us, as well as for the bondholders, other stakeholders, I think most of that information is either on the table or about ready to hit the table.
W. James Scilacci: That thing that's -- this is Jim, Dan. I think it's the key we're going to need to get before for us is a General Rate Case decision. And you have all the metrics that we've been using for year-after-year. But the key piece that's missing here is the proposed decision is the first step, and ultimately a final decision. And once we have this -- that in hand, then we'll be able to give you a good assessment of where we think 2012 is going to come out.
W. James Scilacci: Okay. The information is included in the deck. I'm just going to flip through it and probably tell you what page it's on, and I'll stop for a second. There was some limited coal-to-gas switching that we saw. In fact, in my comments, we talked about 3 areas where we saw reduced generation. And we think it had to do with the coal-to-gas switching for a piece of it, higher planned maintenance quarter-over-quarter and some thermal limits that we encountered because of the unseasonably warm weather in March. So that dropped the generation and some of the capacity factors for the Midwest Gen units. So I'll pause there. Can you see it? Page 33, Jay.
W. James Scilacci: And Michael, just to add. If you look in the capital expenditures on Page 22, 2012 and 2013 are very heavy construction years. And a big part of that is [indiscernible] DCR, Eldorado-Ivanpah. So those are why that we have such a peak in this year and it drops off a little bit in 2013 but still stays elevated.
W. James Scilacci: I think in one of the pages that we have in the deck, it shows the timeframe, Page 34 for those that are on this call. It shows the timeframe under the CPS agreement, where we need to comply. And the Joliet station is further out. And in our plans and what we've talked about, based on what we believe is going to happen with CSAPR and what we believe is going to happen with MATS, we believe that most of the expenditures has got to be completed by the 2015 timeframe in order to comply with both state and federal requirements. So that's the key time area that we'll have the majority of all the decisions made. Now if you look in our disclosures, we try to divide the numbers between the larger units and the smaller units, so we give you visibility in terms of the cost differences between the 2. And we've added some additional information in the deck this quarter so you can break it down by plant, so you can see what the cost would be.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. There's a -- it's an art, probably not as much as a science, in terms of how we look at this. Going back just from when we hit the height of the financial crisis, we had access to the capital markets and were able to finance in really the depths of the ugly times. And we feel that given the access to the capital markets that we've enjoyed at the current equity ratio, that's sufficient for current needs. Now that could change dependent upon how we view the overall business. It could change on the amount of debt equivalency that we're facing because of all the contracts we enter into for fuel and purchased power. There could be other factors that I'm not thinking of now. But we have good access to capital markets under reasonable prices. And I think if we were to bump up the equity ratio, that would just add cost per customers that we don't think is a good trade-off.
W. James Scilacci: No, no, no. I don't want to be flip on this, because it's real important. You plan and look and see what your taxable income is going to be. And taxable income can change for a lot of different reasons. So you can go up or down at the utility. Edison Capital still has some impact on the overall tax position for the enterprise, so it is constantly and monthly changing. So we gave you a number back at the end of the year. And as a result, as you roll forward in time, some of those numbers now are changing. So we will just give you a view as we see it at the close of every quarter and we'll update it. We won't get into every reason why it changed, but we're just signaling that taxable income can change and can offset some of the actual payment that EMG would normally make.
W. James Scilacci: So Kit, just your sense for numbers. We were at 21% RPS requirements at the end of 2011 and hydro can go up and down year-after-year because this is probably a low season, last year was a high season. And large hydro was about, what did we say, 6%? In 2010, it was about 6%. So if you have 21% or plus or minus 6%, you're getting up to the high-20s now.
W. James Scilacci: Well, let me take it in reverse order. This is Jim. And then I'll look over to the EMG folks for a little help on Capistrano numbers. But we'll anticipate bidding in our plants on a normal course, and we're working down that path now. And I'll stop there because I think we gave you the key message. And Maria and Pedro on Capistrano, the ins and outs.
W. James Scilacci: The Midwest Gen revolver, we've said in the disclosures that, in fact, there is hardly any usage on it, and it will likely just expire on time. And so we have plenty of cash currently at this time at EME, and we'll use that cash really to take care of our working capital requirements. And we don't at this point in time have a plan in place to put any kind of replacement revolver. And part of the big picture here is working to figure out how we're to work with the bondholders before we have the maturity that coming up. Now the disclosures do show that we have -- thank you, Scott -- an LC facility in place, a cash-collateralized LC facility, to take care of some of the requirements we have with the things that go on, admission, to back up the trading shop, and other requirements. And then we've disclosed that in terms of the usage in our current quarterly report.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. The equity went in first, and now we're drawing down on the facility to cover the construction expenditures, Ray.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes. The $55 million to $65 million is what we are projecting for repair cost. And I want to keep those distinct from replacement fuel costs. And staying with the repair cost, that's what we're projecting. We still have a long way to go to finalize that. But that's where we think we'll end up, and then we can seek recovery under the warranty. Replacement power, which we had in the disclosures for the first quarter, which is around $30 million, we also disclosed that those costs would be substantially higher in the summertime.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes. The primary focus now is identifying the root cause so that we can return the units to service at some point. We are working cooperatively with MHI, as Ted stated, and just add that additional fact.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Those particular projects, Devers-Colorado and Eldorado-Ivanpah, we have no indications of them been delayed. That said, it is always possible to run into delays with regards to environmental concerns on those projects. But at least for now, we've got no anticipated change in DCR and Eldorado-Ivanpah.
Ronald L. Litzinger: It's not -- this is Ron, Hugh. It is not done through the GRC. Our fuel and purchased power costs are reviewed annually through our ERA proceeding. And all of the cost that we incur for SONGS being down will be subject to a reasonableness review, and it's tough to predict at this time where that will go next year.
Ronald L. Litzinger: If hydro is included as a renewable, that would certainly be a positive for us in meeting the RPS standard and the amount of investment we need to make in transmission. Hydro is also much more flexible and reduces some of the pressure we would have on integration costs. So we would view that as a positive.
Ronald L. Litzinger: I believe you're looking at what we've posted with the California ISO on the returns to service. And we update that periodically. We are currently, as Ted mentioned, evaluating the causal analysis and where we might go with the -- responding to the Confirmatory Action Letter. But we will likely update those numbers within the next couple of weeks with CAISO that are officially posted.
Linda G. Sullivan: I would add, Angie, on the CPC GRC side for the first quarter, we are spending at the 2011 run rate. And then transmissions were about $75 million above where we were last year. And then the special projects are treated differently from a rate case perspective as well.
Linda G. Sullivan: Michael, this is Linda. The base ROE that is currently in rates is 9.96%, and then we add to that the Cal ISO incentive of 50 basis points and the project incentives, where we get into a weighted ROE of 11.1%. That's currently in rates that is subject to refund and settlement procedures. And we are in that process right now.
Linda G. Sullivan: The next -- well, we're in the current schedule with the settlement procedures, where the next proceeding is expected in the June timeframe.
