Maria Rigatti: Yeah, so Ryan. Hi, nice to hear from you. In terms of your first question, what I really want to focus on is, you'd ask about risk to the 5% to 7% growth. We think that it's highly achievable. We also think that as we move forward into ‘25 through ’28 period that the story and the profile is much simplified. We've worked through a bunch of headwinds that we were dealing with in the ‘21 through ’25 period and we've managed through those and we are reaffirming our 5% to 7% percent growth rate.  And as we move into the next period, you'll see a lot of those things because they stabilized really allow us to focus on the key factors of our business, which frankly are rate base growth. And so when you ask about, if we get, we realized these other potential CapEx opportunities, some of which we will be filing for in the next year or so, what the equity program would need to look like, I think it really – we’ll have to take a look at that as when the dollars actually start to hit, because we're always targeting that 15% to 17% FFO to debt range.  The financing plan, we put in front of you during the comments earlier today is absolutely supportive of that 15% to 17% FFO to debt and as the other capital comes in, depending on where we are in that range, it will drive whether or not we need more equity. So I think we'll see when those dollars come in the door. 
Maria Rigatti: So, the CAISO opportunities are significant as you say, $2.3 billion for the projects for which SCE is being the incumbent transmission owner, Those are largely going to be incurred, probably post 2028. So, that's a runway issue, right? You've talked about the CCM trigger. We absolutely believe that two months left as I said before, it's highly likely that the CCM will trigger.  And then, we think that it is fully supported by what's going on in the broad financial market. We are not relying on the CCM trigger for our 5% to 7% growth trajectories. So we will go through that process as we go through that process. I would also note that by the time we get to 2028 we are going to get another cost of capital cycle though.  So, you'll see some interplay there. And then in terms of claims cost recovery, as Pedro said earlier, we have been fully prudent and we will make a strong case for our cost recovery when we file our application, in August. The proceeds from that, of course, would be used to pay down existing debt at SCE.  And so you would see for sure, it will be a help to our earnings profile because interest expense is currently hitting the bottom-line would be authorized for recovery and also we will have an improvement on credit metrics. So I think you'll see a lot of improvements from all of those things and we'll take them as they come. 
Maria Rigatti: So first, I would note in terms of the equity financing plan that we put forward for ‘25 to ’28, we're really talking about our internal programs. So that's about a $100 million a year for you typically realize through that program. So just to cite that for you. In terms of looking at other opportunities beyond that for other forms of financing, we will certainly watch with interest what's going on up in the north.  But there's a regulatory process that we need to be gone through. And so I think it's just for us and observational point at this point in time. 
Maria Rigatti: Angie, that’s a great question and I think maybe I'll step back for a second and historically we've given you some of the information to kind of think through our business and our operating model, if you will. We've kind of bucketed things into a number of different line items. And one of the operational variances that you just referred to.  But when we think about our business, underneath those four line items, there's many, many more things that we're actually managing. And so, as we roll forward and we are thinking about ‘25 through ‘28, we've tried to actually provide you with some additional information that's more granular. That we’re hoping is going to be allow you to get more insight into our business.  So as an example, what have we talked about in that 2025 operational variances bucket? We've talked about AFEDC, we talked about the timing of regulatory approvals, we talk about operational efficiencies we've talked about depreciation and we kind of, given you some insights into that. If we roll forward to between ‘25 and ’28, you'll see the sensitivity is actually go right to, okay?  So what is the sensitivity around AFEDC? And if you see because our capital program is growing so rapidly and so robustly, but the time we get to 2028 AFEDC is like in the $0.45 range as opposed to being in the $0.30 to $0.35 range that it was before. We've given you some depreciation sensitivities that you can factor in.  Frankly, by the time we get to 2028, we don't actually see regular – the timing of regulatory proceedings or O&M variances as being the major drivers for that part of the model, if you will. So I think that's how we're trying to provide you with that additional information, as well as all the other sensitivities that people like to ask us about like, interest rate assumptions and things like that.  So, as I think that's hopefully a more granular approach to how we think about our business. 
Maria Rigatti: Thank you for clarifying. Yeah, I know we are very comfortable with that 5% to 7% EPS growth in combination with that 5% to 7% rate base growth. So, those things that have been happening here in the next five years is different than the last five years, right? And so, in the past, you've seen the gap actually widen out because of the things that, we were dealing with going from a lower amount of debt. For example, wildfire claims got to a higher amount having the interest rate environment on us during that period.  As we get into the ‘25 through ’28 period, things have stabilized. We have now - at the end of this quarter, we had $6 billion outstanding on Wildfire claims that. So everything is baked in and that period. If you think about even what we're refinancing around Wildfire claims debt during that five-year period, that debt was actually issued in the more recent interest rate environment. So the average of that average rate for the debt that we're refinancing is already about 4.6%. So you are seeing a lot of things sort of stabilize.  I think the other thing you are going to start to see is, at the parent company we’re obviously seeing our costs increase at a slower rate now and we will be looking to refinance through the - some of the outstanding maturities with more efficient vehicle that as you saw us do that earlier this year. Like for as an example, when we needed equity content securities, we moved away from preps into junior subordinated notes. And I think the one other thing that kind of drives the ability to have those two numbers EPS and rate base growth move together and as you'll see that the AFEDC is increasing quite strongly over that period. And that also makes difference. 
Maria Rigatti: Yes, so we've also included a sensitivity there to depreciation. We talked about those depreciation variances before. And you can see where we now call that out for folks. So you can actually do a little bit of the investigation yourself. As we modify CapEx and we go from our request case to our range case, you can see that we've made a lot of simplifying assumptions.  So at a minimum, in the lower CapEx cases, you need to make a 15 - you may – you need to have an assumption about a $0.15 depreciation adjustment. So that variance is additive to some to the other numbers that you would get in terms of rate base growth.  I think, as we look out in time, the other things that we've talked about in terms of timing and regulatory proceedings and O&M efficiencies, we just don't see them as big drivers as we get out to 2028. 
Maria Rigatti: Yeah. So in fact, over the past couple of years, we've actually recovered $3 billion in cash from these memo accounts that folks have heard us talk about before. Over the next two years, we expect to recover about $2 billion from those same types of accounts. And just to just to reiterating and clarify, maybe something that you mentioned, we are not assuming recovery on any of the ‘17, ‘18 Wildfire Legacy claims. 
Maria Rigatti: Yeah. So, we have a number of things that we are going to be looking at moving pieces before we get formal guidance for 2024. So we still have our track for items that have to be resolved. We have other regulatory filings. I think frankly, when we are tracking interest rates, we will be looking at the CCM potentially triggering.  So, we will be providing that update when we give guidance. Now, I just do want to reiterate that that CCM trigger is relevant, but it's not relevant for our ‘21 through ‘25 or 25 or our ‘25 through ‘28 5% to 7% EPS CAGR. 
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, so the way the process works is, once the measurement period ends, so that that would be September 30th is the end. We would then in October be filing an advice letter. The Tier two advice letter which means it goes to the energy division. And the energy division can disposition the letter. People are permitted to protest if if they desire that and if they do, then the energy division will make a decision as to whether or not they will continue to be the entity that dispositions it or if they send it to an ALJ or the broader commission.  We believe that it is fully reasonable to have the trigger go - be triggered given the current environment. Remember that the interest rate changes that are going on right now are really fundamentally the reason why the commission adopted a CCM or a cost of capital mechanism, 12 or 14 years ago. It was to accommodate changes in a three-year cost of capital proceeding when the interest rate market and the interest rate environment changed.  So, we would continue to pursue that. We think that additionally not dissimilar to 2022 that there is no extraordinary event. The market is acting the way it is and the same manner with us is the broader financial market. So we will go through that process as we filed the advice letter. 
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So, the sensitivity that we provided it's on the - in the appendix page. It gives you a range of outcomes. And there's two different elements at work there. We provide you with the capital forecast that is tied to our request – the request that we made in the general rate case. And when we do that, we have a lot of data from the general rate case that allows us to put that together. When we give you the other points on the curve, when we take CapEx down, just to provide you with a little bit more insight as to what that would look like in terms of rate base, we make some very simplifying assumptions.  So when we convert those lower CapEx levels into rate base, we made simplifying assumptions about the timing of when the CapEx is spent. We made simplifying assumptions about the type of CapEx that gets reduced. So, when we get to the lower end of the capital range, you end up with that depreciation variance again. So, at the lower end of the CapEx, you'll get a $0.15 - you will need to make a $0.15 adjustment.  And it's very similar to the depreciation variances that we talk about during the rate case cycle when CapEx turns out to be a little different than what's embedded in your actual authorize. The other piece of the sensitivity that we provided is, we've made a request in the general rate case or – and we made a depreciation proposal.  We know that sometimes, the outcomes of that may vary. And so, we've also given you a sensitivity as to what would happen to earnings and ultimately you can patch rate base, so what would happen to earnings if our depreciation proposal is modified from what's requested? So those are the two things. 
Maria Rigatti: So, the proposed decision that we received yesterday extends our capital structure waiver. So, I guess, the most basic answer to your question is we are at 52% because we have the waiver. Roll that forward, we are not assuming that we will get any cost recovery for the ‘17 and ‘18 Legacy Wildfire claims and deaths.  So if you roll that forward and we don't get that then we would have to at the end of that process propose a plan to get back into conformance with the authorized capital structure. We can propose a plan that we think is appropriate. We could do a number of things. We could start with proposing that the differences be excluded because this is not rate base, right, so we exclude this permanently from our capital structure. There's some precedent there.  We know we got this that sort of treatment on the song settlement. More recently, we had that same treatment on the on the amounts that were disallowed on the SEB settlement. So that would be one approach that we would take. That would be our plan to be in conformance.  At the other end of the spectrum, we could also just move that debt up to the parent company, and then we would propose a timeline over which we would do it. And as we did that, we would not be impacting - we've already issued the equity to support all of those claims. So it could be a little bit more expensive, but it would be within our current credit metrics. And just as a reminder that the equity ratio is actually measured over a 36-month period. 
Pedro Pizarro: You know, Ryan this is Pedro, let me just underscore the first question. The need for this infrastructure build is so clear and strong. Thinking of that the team at SCE has done a nice job encapsulating that in the general rate case application, we will have other pieces as Maria discussed or the need will also be very strong. So to me, it kind of enter because it needs to be for infrastructure of that’s really needed for reliability and resiliency and readiness. And that's the big opportunity here and that's why we're so confident. 
Pedro Pizarro: I think as you are looking at longer term, we will also start seeing the benefits across the economy of things like the CHIPS laws Act, right. The focus of the federal government has had I'm bringing back manufacturing supply to domestically. So that's not a next year thing. And so, the answer to the question, what went into the near term? But I'm also a confident in the longer term supply chains will respond to market signals and the impact of, the CHIPS laws to act and other infrastructure bill et cetera in bringing back manufacturing for supply of critical components in the US will help. 
Pedro Pizarro: To read, Shar, the core thing as Maria walked you through the strength of the capital program, the strong growth rate and we expect that we can do all of that with only the internal programs. So that's a – I think it's good strong statement about the very limited equity needs and how manageable we expect this to be. 
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. Thanks, Anthony. We're going to be requesting or we expect we’ll request an 18 month timeline for the proceeding. It's a - we think that's an appropriate amount of time for something like this. I think at a very high level before we file any application, we'll meet with a range of stakeholders as appropriate tickets. Those are really more listening sessions than anything.  So I don't think we have anything that we will report back and we would be appropriate anyway, but just be aware that we are making sure folks understand the underpinning case here, right? We believe after having looked at all the evidence that we were prudent and we're providing visibility into the strength of our arguments as well as the process here.  And importantly, the need for a fair outcome in these cases. We recognize this is not just about getting cost recovery of costs that we think are appropriately recoverable. But we also recognize that this is a strong signal here, but California’s continued commitment to financially help the utilities. And so, we will do you'll see their application covers a range of issues around with the rationale for this battling terms of the merits of the case.  But the importance of this being, another key step in affirming the strength of the California regulatory framework. 
