Theodore F. Craver: I think kind of the short answer is, the pending interest payments really pretty much bring this thing to a head. So I'd be hard-pressed to see how it could extend past the interest payment period.
Theodore F. Craver: This is Ted. I think, essentially, the consideration there is, as I mentioned, originally, we were just discussing and negotiating with the advisors of some of the holders of the bonds. More recently, that's moved to discussions with the advisors of a subset that are -- of clients. So we have nondisclosure agreements with those clients and so that means they are restricted. So there are some spots here, and this is what we were alluding in the comments, there are some spots here where those holders, the direct holders, are not going to be -- or not going to want to be restricted. And there would be some disclosure that would give the history of the discussions, so-called cleansing disclosure. But I think that's the next disclosure that would likely come forward. But while we're still in negotiations, all parties have decided that we would just simply state we're in negotiations, and that's where we are at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: You can't really -- I mean, there are so many potential outcomes here. I think, what we are relating to is there's some spot here where there will be a so-called cleansing disclosure. Whether that will be the result of an agreement or not, we really can't speculate. And there are different percentages of bondholders that end up getting involved in this thing over time. But I think you just -- it's unfortunate, we'd like to be a lot clearer about some of these things, but really all we can say is we're in continuing discussions with the advisors and the bondholders. And that's really where we are for the time being.
Theodore F. Craver: Kit, this is Ted. I'm going to answer that with kind of largely a non-answer. Fundamentally, we're focused on Unit 2, making sure that we can restart Unit 2 safely. We did a lot of work on that, came to the conclusion that we could. That's why we applied for approval to the NRC to restart Unit 2. There's things that we are going to -- once we run Unit 2, assuming it's approved to restart, once we run it for the 5 month period, take it down, reinspect, that will certainly provide quite a bit of information. As we said in the comments here, a lot of work continues around what are the possible options for Unit 3, what might be able to be done in a repair or a replace scenario. So there's a lot of work that's going on, but way too early at this point for conclusions or speculation around whether units would be replaced or repaired or run at partial power or for how long. It's just premature at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, we did indicate that there's significant losses this year and also said that we would anticipate, under current market conditions, for there to be losses in future years. And that is part of our thinking around what's the best course. I think we've been pretty clear on this and I won't spent a lot of time reiterating it. But -- that if we are continuing with EME, we've got to address the capital structure. It's over-levered for the type of conditions that we see. And we have to be able -- we, Edison International, have to be able to see a stable path forward with EME. We have to be able to turn to our equity investors and say, "It makes sense to retain ownership of EME because we see a stable capital structure that's appropriately fitted for the market conditions." Absent that, then we look at the other principal option, which is no longer having ownership. So those are the areas that we've been talking about and looking at with all of you. And I think you've put your finger on the principal problem, and that is market conditions don't really support positive earnings for some period of time.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. I seem to get the questions where I provide little to no information. We really can't go into it at this point. And we've, of course, been very much involved with Mitsubishi all along the way on the whole root cause evaluation, all of the work that led to our response to the Confirmatory Action Letter to the NRC. Mitsubishi was very much involved, working with ourselves and a number of other outside independent experts, on coming to those conclusions. So at the technical level, there's been quite a bit of interaction with Mitsubishi. And they've been cooperative throughout all of that. In terms of the commercial elements, really, our focus has been so much on the safety requirements and on the technical issues, relatively less on the financial side. Jim gave you some specifics about some of the early billing that we've done, or invoicing that we've given them around some of those costs. But it's what I would really characterize as fairly normal course kind of discussion at this point.
W. James Scilacci: Dan, this is Jim. I think it's really complicated to tell you that what kind of tax loss there might be associated with EME because there's a time element here. And it depends on potential monetization of tax benefits. So I can't even begin to suggest what is appropriate to use for modeling purposes. And I think, overall, you should consider it not material.
W. James Scilacci: Hugh, this is Jim. I can't even begin to speculate on something like that. As we've said before, we believe our actions surrounding SONGS have been reasonable. And we will look to maximize our recoveries and insurance through our warranty from MHI. And so we will do all we can to minimize the potential costs for all parties involved.
W. James Scilacci: Just think of it this way. FERC jurisdictional rate base would be about approximately 20% of the number here that you see for the GRC PD at $23.4 billion. So that's just a rule of thumb. And I'll pause there, because I'm now forgetting the first part of your question. You need to reask it, Gregg.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. So I think if you take the $23.4 billion and you have 80-20 as a rough rule of thumb between CPUC jurisdictional and FERC jurisdictional.
W. James Scilacci: Well, I think we can, and under 455.5, it specifies what the mechanism is. But I'll look over to Linda Sullivan, and she can provide some additional information.
W. James Scilacci: It's going to be quarter-to-quarter. We have to assess -- it's under FAS 71. As you assess the recoverability of the cost. And based on where we stand today and the facts that we know, our actions were reasonable, and we will look to recover those dollars. Now, if the commission did something otherwise, the facts may change.
W. James Scilacci: So what we're trying to do in the Page 6, it provides the full rack-up of the full rate base numbers. So we haven't provided the individual pieces here, Michael.
W. James Scilacci: Well, what we said in 2014, it's going to be about 20% of the $23.4 billion number. So we'll have to back up. So we're right in the midst of filing our update proceedings for this year. And I think it's less than 20%. Why don't we just say we'll get you a number? It's approximately 15% of the total rate base, but we'll get you a more exact number because that's in the public domain.
W. James Scilacci: Just to follow up on that, we'll have -- we're filing comments on the Proposed Decision to the extent that there are things we will comment on and depreciation could be one of those.
W. James Scilacci: And Brian, just to follow-on, on that, because of the potentially need for capacity out past the end of the decade with once through cooling situation still ongoing and potentially SONGS. There's -- that's why I think you're seeing a little bit more chatter associated with capacity markets.
W. James Scilacci: It's a great question, and the history with our PD hasn't been good in terms of the delay. And cost of capital, it's gone very efficiently thus far. The hearings were on time. The ALJ that's involved in the cost of capital proceeding that's assigned, has had a history of doing this proceeding, and he's is knowledgeable of it. And so I would anticipate a Proposed Decision on time in the latter part of November. Now, then it's up to the commissioners to make a decision before the end of the year. I think an important thing here, why the commissioners are going to be interested in making a final decision by the end of the year, because there's a rate reduction that they want to put in place. And if you delay that decision, you can't effectively get that rate reduction. So I think they'll be motivated to do it on time.
W. James Scilacci: Well, Angie, just so we're clear, the source of the dividend is solely and completely from Southern California Edison. And I can't speculate on what might or might not occur during that process. But we rely solely and exclusively on SCE for the dividend.
W. James Scilacci: It's pretty small, it's Angie, it's Jim again. I think we've put something in the disclosure. It's maybe $0.02 or less, so it's a minor amount of cost.
W. James Scilacci: Okay, Leslie. This is Jim. We're going to have Linda Sullivan, who is the CFO of the utility, answer that.
W. James Scilacci: So FERC return on common equity could go up or down depending upon the mechanism we use there, Leslie. So that's a good question. And there's information in our disclosures that gets to a little bit more detail on that.
W. James Scilacci: Yes, Travis, this is Jim. I'm sorry, we haven't put out guidance for 2012, and we'll just have to wait and see what the decision actually says. I know you said assuming that they approve the Proposed Decision as is. So we will look to provide information regarding our earnings for 2012 when we report the full year financial information in February. So I just can't be helpful there.
W. James Scilacci: Okay. You're talking about the Proposed Decision. There's a host of different things. I think the important part, from our perspective, that we received about 96% of our distribution capital. So that goes to the core reliability issue. So the things they did not approve has to do with a host of different things, IT related. There's solar rooftop program that we had a timing problem, where we went in at the full 250-megawatt, and we voluntarily reduced it by 125. So they had to pull that out of the decision. There's some real properties. Linda, anything else you want to...
W. James Scilacci: Capital -- so we will have more detail on that as we file our comments on the Proposed Decision. We'll have some charts on that, but that will be later.
W. James Scilacci: I think what Ted said is, is the fact that we will adjust our spending to what's authorized by the commission. And I think, importantly, we got the majority of our distribution capital expenditures.
Linda G. Sullivan: So, if the asset is taken out of rate base, what we would do is remove it from rate base, move it into a regulatory asset account. And then, we would have to continually assess the probability of recovery as we move forward.
Linda G. Sullivan: So, it does not include the solar rooftop program for the 125-megawatt reduction. It also does not include the SmartConnect program and the steam generator replacement program.
Linda G. Sullivan: There were many different changes to the depreciation schedules that were in the request. And in some cases, the judge agreed with our recommendations. In other cases, he agreed with the interveners. And overall, it was a reduction of about $100 million from our request. And we're still working through the Proposed Decision and through all of the details.
Linda G. Sullivan: Leslie, for the FERC ROE, currently for the 2012 General Rate Case, which is currently under settlement proceedings, we have a 9.93 base ROE. And then we add to that a 50-basis-point adder for participating in the Cal ISO and then we have specific project incentives on our major transmission projects, the Tehachapi project and the Devers-Colorado River project, which puts us at a weighted average ROE at 11.1 for FERC. Now, in terms of how that works going forward, as I mentioned, we are currently in settlement proceedings.
Linda G. Sullivan: We have filed for a 2012 FERC formula filing, and that formula filing is currently under settlement proceedings.
