Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. Let me just comment on it briefly and Maria or Ron Litzinger can add, as needed. In the last earnings call, we first focused on 2017 in total holding company guidance. And we told you then that, while we were not ready to provide you all the details in Edison Energy, we wanted to make sure that folks understood that we were working at holding the total holding company expenses including Edison Energy, the $0.27 for 2017, and now, you see that we've updated that to be $0.25 for the year, of which $0.08 is the piece in Edison Energy. Hopefully, it gives folks comfort that we are very focused on driving the work at Edison Energy in a disciplined way. We see a big opportunity there, Julien, but we also recognize that investors do want line of sight in terms of what the ongoing investment looks like. I'm glad that we've been able to affirm that $0.08 for 2017. As I had shared in the third quarter call, we expect to provide you more detail on – the details behind the business plan for Edison Energy no later than the fall of this year. So until we get to there, I'm going to hold off and I don't have any new news to report other than that we continue that work. In the meantime, we're out in the market. We continue to be encouraged by the activities across the piece parts of Edison Energy and are looking forward to sharing more with all our investors.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. I think the easiest, and frankly, the shortest way to answer that is, we're focused on the advisory services across the large C&I customer space. I don't think we're ready to provide a lot of detail on, this piece looks better than that piece, because quite frankly, part of the larger gear is that providing that broader set of advisory services across the full portfolio of needs is the core idea. And so, we'll have more to share with you as we get into the details of the business planning exercise by the fall. But nothing to report right now on this piece looks better than that piece or actually we're seeing value and having expertise across the gamut of on-site and off-site renewables, energy efficiency and building management and bringing that suite together is the value nugget here in terms of more customer needs.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And then, Jonathan, it's something that we'll continue to be very keen on. I know we mentioned in the comments, but obviously, while we present an important growth opportunity here for investors, we want to make sure that it's good capital and in our view, good capital is efficient capital. So just like we're doing the O&M, we'll continue to look for capital productivity opportunities for customers.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Sure, Jonathan. And I think I covered it in my comments that the two specific examples we wanted to highlight were with Edison Transmission where we have been pursuing opportunities in the various organized markets. The reality is that we are just not seeing the same level of opportunity under FERC Order 1000, as I think the whole market thought there might be at one point. And now, in particular, as we think about what the impacts maybe of the new administration of Washington, potentially moving away from the clean power plant implementation that is probably continued negative for the likely availability of FERC Order 1000 project. So Edison Transmission was one of two businesses we wanted to highlight where we're decreasing the level of effort there, although still keeping our position in Grid Assurance. The second one that I highlighted was Edison Water Resources. I think I had mentioned that in the past as an exploratory activity. We had a team that did a lot of great work there and there's clearly customer interest, but frankly, it's a market that it's still not mature in terms of the transparency of pricing and just the complexity of regulation across it. And so, while we saw some real technical feasibility there, and frankly, I think water is something that's important to society over the long run, our judgment after doing some pilot work was that, the mass there wasn't a good fit for us at this time. And I think as we look at potential opportunities broadly across the space, some of this is exploration on the radar screen and try some of these and we determine that they are not ripe or prime, then we move on. And so, we moved on Edison Water Resources. So those were the two. We remain very focused on the central idea of the energy advisory services for large commercial and industrial customers, and so, I was not trying to telegraph anything about businesses inside that portfolio.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah, I mean, and just to tag on to that, so I do think Maria has it right that it might be some impacts on what the overall cost position is, but that wouldn't be just for our offerings, it would be for the offerings of other folks in the space, other competitors as well. And I think, importantly, as we look at the large C&I customers that the business is aiming to serve, they're being driven by a lot of things, they're being driven by economics, they're being driven by sustainability objectives, the tax changes could have some impact on some of the underlying costs, but at this point, we don't see a material change in the overall interest that large C&I customers have in the broad portfolio advisory services theme.
Maria C. Rigatti: Hey, Ali, it's Maria. So obviously, there are some things in the mix that I think you mentioned that aren't flowing through to the bottom lining, more primarily around the tax benefits in the early part of two years or three years or four years ago that we're seeing. But we continue to find or look for opportunities where we can actually reduce our costs and put ourselves on a good trajectory. We have opportunities there. We talked a little bit about the opportunities that we're looking at relative to other capital investments, Pedro mentioned the transportation electrification proposal that we recently submitted. So we think that there are opportunities across the board that we can be looking at and incorporating on a go forward basis around our earnings.
Maria C. Rigatti: Ali, yeah, that's been our payout ratio range for a long time, 45% to 55%. We'll continue to work it, as we move forward in time, but I think that that incepts over time, we want to be there.
Maria C. Rigatti: Well, certainly, when we file a GRC, the tendency would be to give things back to the customer, that's the construct around which we try and find efficiencies whether it's around O&M or debt. So I think you'll see that as we move forward. On the other hand, as we continue to work and we continue to probe the opportunities that we have, we will still work on finding and achieving additional efficiencies, which – then when we get back to the next rate case, we'll get back to customers once again. So I think you'll see that as sort of our mantra and certainly the cycle that we go through here.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. So that would be really just costs associated with legal expenses that we have previously incurred through core earnings and that would be if we were – we don't know what the award would be or if there would be an award at this point, but if we were to recover anything and we had sufficient amounts to cover prior legal expenses, that would be about $0.09 per share.
Maria C. Rigatti: Hi, Jonathan. It's Maria. No, it's nothing about grid mod is causing us to be more cautious, but I think the grid mod numbers for 2017 haven't changed at all since Q3. We are finding some efficiencies in some of the unit cost, if you will, on some of the programs outside of grid mod, so that's really all you're seeing roll through that.
Maria C. Rigatti: So certainly, it all starts with the timing slipping to the rate. In the various projects that we have that are part of our FERC rate base, some of the projects are actually eligible for certain incentives, specifically where the capital enters rate base while it's still in construction. So CWIP incentives, others do not. And when you have projects move around that aren't subject to that incentives, staggering it by a year can actually, in that first year or two, have an outsized impact, and then, you catch up when you get to the first full year.
Maria C. Rigatti: So I think it's the same thing probably that lots of other companies have been telling you. We'll be obviously looking at any sorts of border taxes and how that affects costs for our company and others, and how it would impact our customers. And also, in terms of tax rate, tax rate affects every company, and so as that changes, we'll be keeping an eye on that as well.
Maria C. Rigatti: No. Michael, I think it's all part of the package. The total value that we're delivering to shareholders is not just one piece or the other.
Maria C. Rigatti: Okay. So maybe let's take the piece parts of your question. So the first part of your question was, you see capital spending down in the first couple of years, but not a commensurate decline in rate base and some of that really is the timing issues that we've talked about before. It's timing that then rolls through, as you move out towards the end of the 2020 period, you can see that rate base more catches up with the reduction in capital spending, and then, you'll see that offset again through 2022. Part of that's related also to just how do projects enter rate base, do they have this incentive feature or not. And then also, every time you change particular assets that are in rate base, you will get in different impact on accumulated deferred taxes. So there's a lot of things like that that roll through. But at the end of the day, CapEx and rate base, they catch up with each other. In terms of your second question as to why there's a step-up in 2018, when we bought – so right now, we're deploying capital, et cetera, we filed our 2018 GRC. We actually have a true-up in the 2018 GRC to reflect the capital that we've been spending over the course of the last few years. If you recall, in the 2015 GRC, the way that our revenue requirement is set in 2016 and 2017 is by looking at capital additions and capital additions and escalation on those capital additions. Capital expenditures, ultimately, match the escalation in capital additions, but because of that, that methodology that the CPUC has adopted, which is frankly a simplified methodology, you'll see a catch-up in 2018 when we go into our next rate case.
