Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Ted, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria, and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Ted, please open the call for questions. As a reminder we request you to limit yourself to one question and one followup so everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Well, thank you for joining us. This concludes the conference call. Have a good rest of the day and stay safe everyone. You may now disconnect.
Maria Rigatti: No. Angie, this is Maria. We actually settled about $148 million in additional claims during the quarter. So we have been settling more claims. We report on the amount settled in each quarter. So last quarter the pace of the demands did slow down some, but we're still very well positioned and we will be filing our first cost recovery application in Q3 for the TKM event.
Maria Rigatti: Sure, so Angie I think we've -- for a long time we've had the reverse, right, where there's been a big gap between us and where the others in the industry are, we share that with the commission as well. We are seeing some improvement. I think there's still room for improvement and it's one of the things that we're very focused on over time, but we have seen some benefits from some of these recent upgrades.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So Shar, it’s Maria. So the financing we've done to date has been consistent with what we said on our last call in terms of the total $1.4 billion and the junior subordinate notes were aimed at the equity content, balance in the equity content we're going to be addressing through our internal program, so that's one piece of it. In terms of the debt financings we have to do for the balance of the year, we're going to look at all the different options. We want to be efficient. We want to consider all of the costs, the all in cost of doing that and take into consideration what both the near-term but also the longer-term potential costs associated with that. But, we're going to keep everything on our radar.
Maria Rigatti: Yes, so when SCE bids and wins, we'll finance that the way we would finance our normal rate based investments, Ryan. So we'll do that in the normal course. I think that there will be a lot of opportunity for us to be able to finance all of it.
Maria Rigatti: Those are all great questions, Julien. Let me take them from a timing perspective first. So when we file the rate case in mid-May, we'll provide an update at that point relative to capital spend and rate base and that will be through 2028. So that's consistent with the timeline of the general rate case itself. On the Q2 call, we will then add to that our EPS projections through 2028. So your other questions are really excellent, but we'll bring all of that into play on the Q2 call.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes, so on the first part of the question, no, those are not part of our 2021 to 2025 EPS growth rate. And in fact, the chances are that those projects would be early in the development process by 2025, since they're only now being identified by the Cal-ISO. One of the challenges Shar is that, today transmission development can take a decade largely because of the approval and permitting and siding processes. So, we're also looking at the efforts at the federal level and state levels to expedite permitting and siding. So that's on the transmission piece. On your question about Western regional market expansion, we're monitoring the bill. We are actually very supportive of the concept of an expanded Cal-ISO providing a platform to become a western regional market. Of course the devil will be in the details and we want to make sure that that expansion if and when it happens, and hopefully it will, but that it's done with all the right sort of safeguards in place to make sure that the right benefits accrue both to California and other state's customers. And then you asked whether that could add tailwinds and I think of it as a, it's a larger market will provide greater opportunities to minimize the cost of the clean energy transition. It will allow better sharing of resources across the west. And so at its core, I think the main benefit of it would be to provide a platform to support greater affordability for both California customers and customers across the west. And it's -- we mentioned in remarks here we are mindful of affordability. It's something we continue to focus a lot on. So anything like a western regional market that helps bring down the cost of the transition is a good thing then in terms of creating more room in our rates to either minimize rates or to provide, rate room for all the other projects that are important here. As to whether our western regional market like mean more transmission projects, ultimately for SCE it's a little harder to tell and I think the main benefit is that cost reduction for customers.
Pedro Pizarro: Hey Ryan, you're cutting up a little bit. Would you mind repeating the question? Might be our bad phone line or so.
Pedro Pizarro: That was -- our proposal for that was a five-year program and it can just, I think it's either four or five-year, four-year program. And just to remind you, it's -- we proposed in there around deployment of a quarter million heat pumps. We also proposed to take about a third of the customers with getting heat pumps and upgrading their homes for broader electrification to make them electrification ready. Around 90% of the program is targeted towards residential customers, and a good portion of that is targeting low income and the disadvantage communities. It is still going through the PUC process and so, think about, four years or so deployment timeline after PUC approval.
