Theodore F. Craver: Dan, this is Ted. I'll take a crack at your question. I think, principally, the thing to understand is effectively, we're underwriting the costs here until we have certainty around the rate-making treatment. That isn't going to get resolved for some period of time. So there's just, I'll say, a general limit of how much we can continue to rack up these costs without certainty of cost recovery. So I think of it as more of a time issue than anything else. But it certainly is a combination of time and just dollars that effectively we're underwriting with uncertainty about cost recovery.
Theodore F. Craver: It gets complicated, but there's a limit to how much you can pare down costs if you're waiting for a decision on restart because you can't knock down the costs, lay off workers, that type of thing, and expect to bring them back on quickly in order to get the unit restarted. So essentially, you have to run with a level of cost to keep all of the systems at the plant ready to go. So that if we get the decision to restart, we can do so quickly. Again, a large part of what drives us here is SONGS plays a unique role in the reliability of the grid here in Southern California. Its location, as well as its voltage support and, to some degree, the energy produced from it, all of those things are important to reliability. We're about ready to enter our summer period. That's when we have our peak demand, so we want to make sure we're ready to go when the decision comes forward.
Theodore F. Craver: That's what we're trying to signal is that there's a limit on timing and everything else. So we're -- I think it's the first time we've kind of said it that way. But essentially, we're down to months here in terms of being able to have clarity on the NRC decision, as well as clarity on the -- some of the rate-making treatment.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. I think I'm just going to end up restating the words I used before that what we're trying to signal is it's difficult for us to see kind of continuing to underwrite the costs without clarity on the rate-making treatment, and without clarity on what the NRC decision is going to be. So there's a practical limit to how much we can absorb of that risk. I think the pacing item here at the moment is the NRC decision. But it's really both components that are important to us.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. Well, the returns would be the same way we look at all our businesses in the past. We go through a cost of capital analysis for any and all of our businesses, whether it's utility, non-utility. And we end up with hurdle rates and any contemplated investments have to show that they can meet or exceed that hurdle rate. So that part would be the same. In terms of the amount, I think, all the words were chosen carefully, that we think there's a, more likely than not, some significant changes that are going to take place over the next few years in the industry overall. Probably some of those changes will be more accelerated in certain regions of the country than others. We think ours would probably be one of those. We want to make sure that while we are exploring these things and trying to kind of stay ahead of the curve, that we aren't doing it at too fast a pace or, as I use the phrase, we're not going to bet the farm on all this stuff. We feel it's, as I said, more likely than not that these changes are going to take place. So we think it would be foolish to turn a blind eye to it. But we want to be able to kind of take it one step at a time. And each of these things has to prove themselves along the way. So that's why we say we don't think this will distract us from our core business at SCE. We also don't think it should distract investors from that core business. But it would be foolish to ignore that some of these changes are out there and taking place.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. So it's not kind of redoing merchant generation, that I think we can be clear on. We identified, in my remarks, a few of the areas that really have -- are kind of the areas most interesting to us at this point. And those are things like distributed generation, electrification of transportation, I would use the term writ large, it doesn't just mean electric vehicles. In fact, I think most of those electrification opportunities are probably more in the movement of goods than automobiles. Water purification, power management services to commercial and industrial sectors, so those are the areas we've kind of identified. We have different levels of effort underway there. I don't see this as we're going to kind of pretend we're a venture capital company. We're not. I think we look at these things from the standpoint of, are these businesses that can leverage our strengths, leverage our brand and our kind of background? And so they're -- they would be more operating-type activities than venture capital investments. And I think the final piece is we're more interested in actual tangible projects that would have cash flow or service-type activities as opposed to trying to bet on specific technologies or invest in technology companies or companies that manufacture a new technology product. So hopefully, that'll give you a little bit of a sense of where our focus is.
Theodore F. Craver: So there aren't any changes that we have and I don't -- that I'm aware of right now. I think those reflect what we are currently receiving on these projects. That hasn't changed since -- for some time. So maybe we can take you off-line, Jonathan, and we can talk through it after the call.
Theodore F. Craver: I think the answer to your first question is yes. And I don't think we're putting a date out there because we're continuing to have discussions with the NRC and the staff in terms of what's going on. And I think I'll pause there and see if, Ron, you want to add anything more. Because I think it's -- purposely, we don't have a date is the answer. And we're going to just continue to work through it until we know more.
Theodore F. Craver: I think on Unit 3, in our disclosures, we said that could go beyond year end, depending on what we observe should Unit 2 restart and we get some information when we go in and reinspect it.
Theodore F. Craver: Again, I think in our disclosure, we said that Unit 3 could slip beyond year end, depending on what we observe on Unit 2 should it restart.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. Let me handle that one. I don't think we want to get into a lot of speculation about future power levels and those types of things at this point. What we've proposed is 70% for 5 months. And then we're going to take it down and reinspect it. I think the key objective at this point was to put forward a plan that we knew had lots of margin for safety around it, and that was the focus. So this is a first-of-a-kind event. We wanted to make sure we had abundance of safety margin. Once we get clearance, assuming we get that and we have the operating period, then there's opportunity to think in terms of whether different power levels are appropriate. But at this point, the focus is just on coming forth with a plan that has sufficient safety margin for a first-of-a-kind event.
Theodore F. Craver: I don't think I'll attempt to restate my words. I just would say it the same way I did. So the focus here has been to make sure that we have sufficient safety at the restart plan that we put forward. We believe it does. That's what the NRC has to determine in its evaluation and mostly where we go from there.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, I don't think we're really prepared at this point to try to speculate about those types of things. I think, really, where we are right now is trying to get restart approval for the plan that we put place, which, as I said, has sufficient safety margin around it.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. I don't think that's the primary concern. I don't think that helps the timing because it just ends up creating more work for the NRC staff to have to go through. But the primary, really, determination here is a safety determination. That's one that the staff makes. So this issue regards a specific plant that has a safety issue. So this is a matter for the technical staff to work through, and they are. Depending on what that answer is, then we'll know where we are on that point. The intervener piece and all of the other stuff that's been surrounding this, I don't think is the central issue at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: I guess anything is possible. We outlined that or I outlined that in my remarks what some of those procedural things might be. But I think, at this point, if things went kind of, if I could put it this way, typically, then this is primarily a safety -- technical safety issue, which the NRC staff would really come to its conclusion after it's gone through its analysis. And I think all the other pieces are probably more things that happen in response to the process as opposed to the substance of the issue. At any rate, our primary focus right now is the safety determination. And presumably, we'll hear from the NRC on that in due course.
William James Scilacci: Dan, this is Jim. I'll just add to what Ted's already provided you is that, we had already planned, as part of the 2012 General Rate Case, to reduce our staffing at SONGS. We have done benchmarking and determined that it was appropriate to reduce the numbers to more competitive levels. And because of the ongoing problem with San Onofre, we are very carefully watching our expenditures, both capital and O&M, to make sure that we don't create the potential for future stranded costs. And so the capital is very, very -- we're being -- we're watching it very carefully. And only those things that we must do for safety or reliability, we are undertaking.
William James Scilacci: Okay. Steve, this is Jim. We're going to have Bob Adler, our General Counsel, take a shot at that one.
William James Scilacci: Well, we haven't said anything different there. And we're going to continue with our expressed desire to return to our targeted payout ratio over time. Our target payout ratio, many of you people know, 45% to 55% of the utilities earnings. And our intent is to return over time. We stepped up the dividend slightly last year, and we would look to do that going forward to get back to that targeted ratio.
William James Scilacci: Yes, I think this -- capital expenditure's zip code and rate base are going to be similar, because they drive one another. So the answer to the question is yes.
William James Scilacci: Neil, this is Jim. I think we're in the process of preparing our GRC, and it's going to cover the periods '15 through '17. And we'll contemplate, in that process, appropriate levels of capital expenditures. And I think, really, the time frame for when you could see potential higher capital expenditures could be beyond that '15 through '17 period. Because you've got confluence of events. It could be SONGS. You've got -- once your cooling-related features, you have the other potential outages. Though I think it's a little further out than the next year. See -- I'll look over at Linda Sullivan and see if you agree. She's agreeing with me.
Ronald L. Litzinger: On the license amendment request -- Greg, this is Ron. There are 30 days for public comment and 60 days for parties to provide a notice to intervene. The commission can make a decision on the license amendment request if there's a no significant hazards consideration following the public comment period. We're not really speculating on when they would make the call. The important thing to remember here, though, is it's the Confirmatory Action Letter response that they have to approve that will give us the permission we need to go forward with the restart.
Ronald L. Litzinger: After the 30 days, they could approve our license amendment request as a potential. That's just one component of the overall review of our Confirmatory Action Letter response. They have to approve our Confirmatory Action Letter response, which includes the restart plan. That's the pacing item.
Ronald L. Litzinger: I think they're independent. Or actually, the way I think of it, I think of the license amendment request as sort of a subcomponent of the overall Confirmatory Action Letter. It's just one piece of the puzzle as they look at our Confirmatory Action Letter response and restart plan.
Ronald L. Litzinger: It's just our judgment based on exchange of data requests and analysis back and forth between ourselves and the staff. So it's our judgment.
Ronald L. Litzinger: The Office of Investigation was in the press a few months ago. The additional disclosure around the Office of Inspector General, which looks at the NRC internally, was a new disclosure. I think the key point we made in our disclosures is there are many parties that are saying those investigations should be completed prior to any decision being made by the NRC.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Right. We wanted the NRC to proceed without unnecessary delays, and target dates were intended to emphasize the importance of running this summer. With regards to the broader decision, I think Ted said it earlier, we're looking at bigger decisions by the end of the year.
Robert L. Adler: Settlements like this involve an examination process before the bankruptcy court, which is like a judicial process. There is a discovery of documents, interviews, depositions, review of all that. Our lawyers are working very hard on this, as are the other lawyers for other parties. It takes time. There are other proceedings in the bankruptcy. So -- but this is a customary process for settlements like this. There's a -- there is an inquiry about the value of the settlement to the parties.
Robert L. Adler: Under the transaction support agreement, if a milestone is not reached, then certain parties are able to terminate. It takes an affirmative act to terminate the agreement on 5 days' notice. Pending any such notice, the agreement continues in force for any, as I might add, or us or the bondholders.
Robert L. Adler: If the agreement is terminated, we'd no longer would have a settlement agreement. And I wouldn't speculate on what would happen at that point.
Robert L. Adler: This is -- the discussion is around the proceedings and the process of the proceedings, not the -- and the timing of that, not the substance of the agreement, if that's your question.
