Theodore F. Craver: Yes, it's a great question. And I think at this point, like most decisions of the sort, it's going to be a matter of relative value. Generically, there going to be 2 choices. Either EME will make sense as a continuing part of the EIX family, and I've tried to be clear over the last few earnings calls about kind of the markers that we have in mind that would really provide us and our equity investors sufficient clarity around the viability of EME as part of EIX. If we're unable to really gain that clarity or unable to really see a viable entity that ultimately can return to providing value to EIX, delivering on its underlying mission, then it really won't make sense to be part of Edison International and will need to be owned by others. So at this point, it's too early to tell really what's the art of the possible, where, as I mentioned, we're beginning the process of engaging with bondholders to determine that. And we get sufficient clarity, get sufficient certainty, and we can really see a path for EME to be a value-adding part of EIX, then that's the way we'll go. If not, then it's not going to be part of EIX.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes, I mean, we chose the words carefully in my opening comments, trying to indicate that the time is now. I mean, we need to engage, we need to get these conversations going. We're doing it with a sense of purpose and a sense of urgency, and we want to resolve this. The uncertainty I don't think is doing anybody any good. I don't think it's doing EIX equity holders any good, I don't think it's doing EME any good. We've got important operations. We have safety that we have to have in mind. All of these things, I think, really say we need to reach a conclusion here with dispatch.
Theodore F. Craver: Mike, it's Ted. Short answer is yes. I think those interest payments are very important and even waiting out until November, when those interest payments are dues, in my mind, not moving with dispatch.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes, maybe I'll -- sorry, this is Ted again. Maybe, I'll just reshape your words a little bit here. I think what we've stated in the past is we believe that it's important to have both a regulated and competitive business platform. Competitive generation, in my mind, is a subset of a competitive business platform, so just one clarification on that point. I think in general, we'd have to admit that it seems like the potential for distributed generation or more retail-related services or even other competitive business activities that would be outside of our regulated footprint at Southern California Edison, but those are more futuristic. We think there's some important opportunities that we want to continue to track and continue to focus some attention on. But it would be better, I think, to make use of some existing skills and an existing platform than to create those from scratch, from whole cloth. But that's probably an advantage on the margin, and I don't think it's one that really drives our thinking at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: Jonathan, this is Ted. Just a quick part on that. I think the main thing we're really trying to signal there is you -- we probably can't address entirely the issue of keeping this phenomena, this fluid elastic instability phenomenon from reocurring by simply operating at reduced power in the case of Unit 3. So what we're really trying to signal is it needs more than reduced power types of operations. So that's really what we're referring to. We haven't gone far enough down the road at this point with Unit 3 to really come up with anything more definitive than that in terms of exactly what would be required to restore it.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, I think at this stage, you'd expect us to have all the options on the table. At this juncture, we're just trying to do this in the most disciplined, systematic kind of step-by-step approach. And these are complex technical issues. It's a first-of-a-kind type of issue that we're dealing with, meaning this tube-to-tube wear. So we're just taking it one step at a time without trying to get too far ahead of ourselves. But yes, at this point, of course, all options are on the table. We're focused mostly on getting Unit 2 restored if we believe we can do it safely. And as we said, it's pretty clear to us initially that would be at reduced power with relatively short operating windows that we take it down and go through reinspections, and all of that will help inform us in terms of our future actions as well.
Theodore F. Craver: That's a good -- great question. Unfortunately, I don't have a great answer. Certainly, it will depend on what power prices and capacity prices will be. We've got a little more clarity on the capacity price side than we do on the power price side as we go forward. But that's really going to be the determinant. I would have to say based on kind of current pricing and that type of stuff, I don't know that we would expect to see anything close to robust earnings in the subsequent years. But frankly, kind of throwing darts here at this point, it will depend on what comes out of any negotiation and it'll certainly depend heavily on what the actual prices are once it come out of the restructuring process.
Theodore F. Craver: Again, 2 for 2, 2 great questions and I'm going to be 2 for 2, not 2 great answers. I don't think we really know at this point. What we try to do in the discussion here is outline what the proceedings were, what we can anticipate roughly in terms of the timing of those proceedings and what -- which costs or what cost will be part of those proceedings. That's about as definitive as we can be at this point in time. Not the least of which, we don't yet really know ourselves what the potential fixes or outcomes are for the 2 units. So I'd say at this point, there's more that we don't know than we do around what those specific numbers would look like.
Theodore F. Craver: More specific. Well, maybe just to reiterate what I said is we see 2012 as basically being around the peak of the capital spending at SCE. We've talked a little bit in some of the comments that Jim made, as well as the Q&A up to this point that the exact shape of that is a little tricky to completely predict. But I still think the basic point stands that we're probably close to the peak in capital spending in 2012. So while rate base will continue to grow in subsequent years, it's growing at a decreasing rate. And that phenomenon in utility rate-making causes a kind of a, kind of a -- I'd refer to it as a bow wave of cash that builds up. So I think that certainly starts to set up the conditions for being able to look at moving our dividend back into the targeted payout ratio range, which is based on SCE earnings entirely. So we've fallen out the bottom of that range. And so in a kind of a step-by-step manner, we would expect to try to address that to move it back up towards the targeted payout ratio range. We have indicated that we have some important regulatory decisions right in front of us here this year, namely a rate case and the cost to capital decision. I mean, both of those remain outstanding. So we certainly would need to get decisions on those 2 things to really know what we're looking at in the near term around the dividend. But I think the direction is the way we've stated it here in the last several earnings calls that we see the day where we can start tuning up the dividend payout and move it back towards our payout target ratio.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, I think it would be a consideration, but the types of things I'm talking about here are fairly long-term and directional. So it'll be -- like other issues, it'll be things that you certainly taken into account when you're trying to set a responsible dividend and follow our financial disciplines. But I think it's -- take it in stride, I guess, is more in the neighborhood.
Theodore F. Craver: I think the short answer is, at this point, we don't know. I think there's some benefit -- I'm stating an opinion here. I think there'd be some benefit to have some of these things consolidated instead of having multiple proceedings. But anyway, presumably that's what the commission will consider later this week. But we really can't predict how all that would flow out at this point.
Theodore F. Craver: Again, I really don't know. Now we're kind of getting into the fine cutting on the days. But from my perspective, you can make these things drag on forever and ever and complicate the heck out of them. I think it's actually, you're going to end up being reasonably straightforward about what will be sufficient to have a viable entity on a go-forward basis. And if we can't reach that, then we go to other options. So from my standpoint, sooner is better. I think the data is being made available. We ought to be able to sit down and work through the same, figure out if we've got a good mutual approach that works for all parties.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, since I'll probably only get in trouble by trying to predict dates, I'll just let you -- I'll let you work with your dates. But we're focused on it right now.
W. James Scilacci: No, I don't have a breakdown here. We haven't disclosed the breakout between the 2 separate units, Jonathan.
W. James Scilacci: Paul, it's Jim. We based the dividend for EIX on the earnings of the utility. That's the way we've always done it. So I don't foresee that any action in and around EME would affect our payout policy.
W. James Scilacci: I think -- this is Jim again, Paul. I think that's a complicated issue and it would be, certainly, embroiled in any kind of negotiation with bondholders or during the bankruptcy process. I don't think we can predict at this point in time what ultimately would occur. It's clear that as long as EME is part of a consolidated family, and that might be during the period of a bankruptcy, then we'd have to monetize tax benefits. But ultimately, where it plays out in the end, that's harder to say. So there would be a point in time when ultimately, the clock could stop ticking and you would cut off ultimately the monetization of tax benefits. But that will take a lot to get resolved, and it could take a period of time. I couldn't predict at this point in time how long.
W. James Scilacci: Yes, I think the only one that comes to mind from when we previously saw this, and it's going to be dated. So there was some discussion around the PG&E bankruptcy when they -- when their competitive generation business went into bankruptcy. But again, remember, that was back in 2001, 2002, so I'd be careful looking at that precedent and given the passage of time.
W. James Scilacci: At this point in time, it's not -- we haven't provided it. And so again, in future filings, we may have to do that. But at this point in time, I think that's something for the future, Steve.
W. James Scilacci: Well, yes. And -- so that's exactly what would occur. We've had this pattern before when you get a late GRC that your actual capital expenditures will differ than authorized. And so actual capital expenditures will lag, and they'll go above. But remember, on a rate making basis, we get paid. And our revenues are based on authorized. So we're just trying to draw attention to that phenomena.
W. James Scilacci: We haven't put in a public domain what if any worthless stock deduction there'd be. And it's always taken at the conclusion of a bankruptcy process. And the fact that there is a worthless stock deduction could get dragged into the negotiations in some type of bankruptcy proceeding. So I couldn't even begin to tell you what the bread basket is. And there's a number that changes constantly each quarter based on the earnings or losses and the monetization of tax benefits can change the worthless stock deduction. So it's constantly changing, so we've been taking a position not to put it into the domain until we actually get further down the road.
W. James Scilacci: It is the first time. We've always had insurance from NEIL. That's something that all the facilities, it's a mutual. And in terms of the process, we haven't provided any additional information on what that will be. That will unfold over time, and as we actually make the claims and we'll include it in future disclosures around San Onofre.
W. James Scilacci: The -- just when I go back -- the way it works to just -- for further clarification, for -- there's a period of time, there's a deductible and the disclosures get into more detail on this. You have to read it carefully, Greg. There's a period of time when we cannot recover replacement power then it kicks in, and there are certain limitations associated with it. And there are certain limitations on it, there's 1 or 2 units out. So read that carefully, and I think it's pretty clear in there, limits on a total amount of insurance that we could ultimately recover from an outage. And I'm going to go back and pause again and let you reask your question because I wanted to fill in that GAAP piece.
W. James Scilacci: And just for clarification purposes, if you get into a 455.5 situation, it's on a unit-by-unit basis. So they're looking at the revenue requirement for each unit. So if SONGS 2 were to come back up, SONGS 3 stays down, then you could actually have a separate proceeding for Unit 3.
W. James Scilacci: Angie, that's an excellent question. We haven't put anything out in the public domain. There would certainly be some amount of cost that we allocate to that side that would not be potentially recoverable if we went down the road that way. But that would be -- we'll incorporate it in some kind of future disclosures. But we don't have anything now.
W. James Scilacci: I think it's a relatively small amount. Because we've said already that the holding company cost is about a $0.01 a month or 12 -- we've as -- generally, we've indicated it's about $0.12 a year. So it's not a large amount of money when it's all said and done.
W. James Scilacci: I don't know if I can answer that. NEIL's been around for quite a bit -- long period of time. It's a mutual, there are quite a bit of reserves associated with it. There's mechanisms for them to get out and get additional funds, should you exceed certain calls in their capital. So I think that's a question you can direct to NEIL, but I don't think it's their concern at this point in time.
