Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. I would like to mention that we are doing this call with our executives in different locations. So, please bear with us if we experience any technical difficulties. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include a Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria, and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Michelle, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up, so everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Thank you for joining us today. And please call if you have any follow-up questions. That concludes our conference call. You may now disconnect.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. Maria can fill in the numbers here. But in terms of the categories, you've seen the major announcement so far, the various settlements that we have announced, 1 last fall with the public entities, and now the subrogation parties in this latest settlement. In addition, there's been, I think, we've shared that there's been settlements with a number of private parties, private plaintiffs, but those are small, relative to the thousands of plaintiffs in the individual cases. So that's - based on that, and we can probably give you the precise number that we disclose that's included in the settlements. But in the writing of the best estimate, what we did was, you have the benefits of now having those major settlements under our wings, all right, and behind us. And then, in addition to that, going through the discovery process on the rest of the claims, we're deeper into the discovery process, we think have a better understanding of the facts at hand, and what our arguments would be. We have an understanding of some of the counterarguments that various classes of plaintiffs might have. And that just gives us a better ability to now move from the low-ends to the best estimate. There are still assumptions in there. And we disclose that the final result could be higher or lower. And we're not able to disclose an uncertainty band around it, Jonathan. But our hope and expectation is that by now moving from the low-end to a best estimate that, we're no longer talking about being on one end of the roadway, we're now right down the middle of the roadway. And I know that investors will be probably making assumptions or having their own expectations about what that uncertainty band might be. Again, we're not in a place to be able to communicate that. But what we've given you is our best estimate or best sense of what a final outcome would look like, on the benefit of not only things that we've locked down, but facts that we now better understand to through the litigation process. Maria, I don't know if you want to give - if you have a handy kind of percent.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah, Maria, I guess that the answer to Jonathan's question would be that you take the $6-billion-plus gross amount, and then point him to the settlement that we just entered for $1.2 billion, the settlement that we had last fall, which was on the order of $1 billion, the claims, or $1 billion in the settlement was, call it, a third or so of that. So round numbers would be - Maria, you probably have a more precise number, $1.5 billion or so, $1.6 billion.
Pedro Pizarro: Let me just put a fine - let me put a fine point in it, Jonathan, because perhaps reading too much between the lines of your question, there could be an implication there that perhaps events might be happening within a certain timeframe. And the reality is we just don't know what the timeframe will be for resolution of the remaining claims. I think as we've said all along, often these claims get resolved through settlement, but they need not resolve through settlement. If it goes through settlement, some have happened more quickly, like you saw the public entities settlement and the subrogation claims. But there's no guarantee that remaining claims outstanding will be settled on a similar sort of timeframe. And it could take much longer for those to be resolved. And if we ultimately ended up going all the way through litigation that we would expect would be a multiyear process. So I think it was hearing into your question, the idea, well, if you need it by X time, why not go ahead and do it, issue the equity a little bit earlier. But we don't know whether that will be a little bit or a lot earlier, because we don't really know the timeframe, Jonathan.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. And I'm going to give you a sadly unsatisfying answer, because this fire is still raging. We know very little at this point. And so, even what - I won't say statute, what legal treatment would apply, ultimately, is still unclear. I know and you're probably focusing, for example, on could inverse condemnation apply, for example. And even with that, whether it applies will depend upon the facts of a particular case, ultimately will be determined by a court. So we've been speculating if we were tried to opine on whether something like inverse would apply here. Likewise, in terms of liability, potentially by other parties, I think, you're understanding the picture as well as we do right now, right. We shared, we're aware of this possibility of the lashing potentially having gone up and flown up into the power line. So we're above that on that particular segment. And so that could imply then some potential liability by that third-party telecommunications carrier. The utility could show that there were clauses like that, then the utility would be able to pursue a contribution from other responsible parties. And so that certainly is a possibility here. But it's just way too early to draw any conclusions at all, Julien. So I probably have to leave it at that.
Pedro Pizarro: Maybe one more thing I would add, Julien, that might be helpful is - and again, this is a little bit of speculation here. But at the same time, I think it's important to reflect on the fire season that we've seen so far, which has been once again historic. We thought 2017 and 2018 are historic, but in terms of acreage burn, we've seen over 4 million acres burned across the state with over half of that having been due to lightning strikes. The point I'm making here is one that I think I made already in my prepared remarks. The fire suppression effort has been really strong. And, I'm going to speculate a little bit here, but it can't prove the negative here. But I would hazard a pretty good guess, that if we have had this fire season 3 years ago, before the state has significantly increased its firefighting resources and capabilities. We might be seeing a much different level of damage across the state, regardless of the cost of the fire. We might have seen much more damage for the lightning induced fires. And if there were utility caused fires, we might see more damage stemming from those as well. So I would hope that as the insurance carriers look at their risk profile for California, they - I'm sure will be taken into account some of the climate change related weather conditions, winds, et cetera, that have contributed to the large fires this year. But I would also hope that they would be looking at the flip side, the fire suppression effort that helps bring the risk envelope down for everyone. And at the same time, I would hope they would be looking at the efforts of all the utilities, certainly our utility in executing the wildfire mitigation plan, the risk isn't zero, the risk will never be zero. But I think the risk is very different today than it was 3 years ago. As we - and we will continue to change, as we continue to harden the system, as we continue to use PSPS responsibly and the like.
Pedro Pizarro: That's a good question. And I'll try not to take up the whole rest of the earnings call on. I guess, we probably could spend a whole afternoon on it. By the way, in your prior question, I'm glad you asked that, I think that your question was probably in the same zone as Jonathan's in looking for the sizing of the numbers. So hopefully, that helps everybody. I think in terms of tone and look, I won't comment on the publication you just mentioned or other utilities out there. But I think - I'll make 2 comments. I'll make a general comment and then a more specific comment about Edison. The general comment is that particularly with the 2020 wildfire season, so far. The fact that over half of the acres burned stem from lightning induced fires. The issues that everybody in the population has seen around firefighting, and frankly the great efforts by firefighters, et cetera. I think at some level, there's a deeper understanding that this is not just about the source of the fire, but it's about this convergence of factors, including climate change, including weather conditions, including fuel on the ground, including all of this, right, including where homes have built, that adds up to this risk that the state bears and trying to do something about. So that I think brings in maybe a little different tone overall. I'll make a second comment about our utility. One of the things we've tried to do throughout all this is - name a few things we've done. We try to be really transparent, Michael. And so, as we have seen issues in the system, as we've gone through the 2017 and 2018, wildfire experience, you saw us be very transparent when we saw that there might have been issues related to our equipment that might have contributed to fires, because of all, I want to make sure that the public can have confidence and trust in the Edison company, being forthright, and not only working hard to improve things and reduce wildfire risk for our communities, but also in being transparent about when things might happen. And the reality is we operate under a prudency standard, not a perfection standard because we operate a system with a million and a half poles across 50,000 square miles with 27% of those 50,000 square miles being high fire risk territory. The other thing we've tried to do is - 2 more things we do. The second thing has been to work really hard at continuing to learn developer wildfire mitigation plans, improve on them. Actually, even before there was the concept of the WMP, frankly, even before we'd seen the Thomas fire in 2017. We started to work on the Grid Safety and Resiliency Program, because we saw with the combination of the one country fires in the fall of 2017, and the instability event in the regulatory framework at the CPUC San Diego Gas & Electric decision. We saw that the risk profile was very different, both physically and in regulatory space. And that began our first iteration of a radical rethinking of how we thought about wildfire risk on our system that led to the GSRP filing, and we haven't stopped since then. And we try to communicate with our communities, everything that we're doing around it. The third and final thing I'll mention is, even as we focus most of our attention on this near-term issue and these risks. We've also kept the eye on the long-term ball here. And that's why you've seen us continue to think hard about things like Pathway 2045, and what California needs to do to address climate change, both because we're seeing the climate change impacts manifests themselves in wildfire. So it's important to take care of the wildfire risk. But we also have to help the state to take care of the crew long-term risk, which is doing something about climate change, but also because, taking care of - addressing greenhouse gas reduction turns out that you really need a strong utility to be a major partner with the state to have a strong grid to help access clean energy and electrify the economy. And that I think that that need for a strong utility for the long run, to help the state achieve its climate goals, is part of the fabric here, right, as part of the reason to ensure that the utility can have a compact to keep it healthy. It's part of the reason that you saw state government support AB 1054. And it's part of the reason that you saw unanimous approval for AB 913 this year. So a little long winded here, but we really think a lot about this in terms of what we do in the near-term? But how do we think about the long-term? And how do we help demonstrate to the state and to our public that we want to be a partner and we need to be a strong partner for the long haul here in order to make California the great state that we all enjoy living in.
Pedro Pizarro: In general, they are responsible for managing their equipment. It gets even more complicated here, because you can have multiple telco companies using the assets under Joint Pole Agreements. In some cases, they might have a space on the pole designated for them, but they can then being that or dedicated to other telco providers through transaction. So it really their responsibility, it is the responsibility to maintain the physical assets. That said, when we go on and inspect our facilities, we look for any hazards that could interfere with the electrical system. And so while we don't do detail inspection of their telco assets, if we see something and we certainly keep an eye out for any hazards that the telco assets might pose to the electric system, and report those to the telco companies.
Pedro Pizarro: Steve, Steve, Steve, we always remain open if parties want to discuss things. But I think Maria got it right, this one is pretty far down the path. Thanks a lot.
Pedro Pizarro: I think - Jeremy, thanks for the question. I think the short answer I'll give you is that we have not filed an ESIR for Blue Ridge. And at this point, we don't see any basis for needing to file an ESIR.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. No, that's a great question. I'll try and keep it brief. When we think about that, I think certainly the near-term thesis I talked about, right. So the procurement needs that we foresee across the state for the 2024 to 2026 timeframe, I would suspect that much of that will continue to be served by competitive generators in the state. The state has generally had a preference for that. There's always an opportunity for utility involvement. We have shared with investors before that we don't see SCE investing capital into traditional generation. It's just not the core business at this point. We like the generation that we do have in rate base. But we don't see dedicating new capital to new generation since we have a very vibrant third-party market here. And we have plenty of opportunities to invest capital in the wire system. A little different with storage, because storage could well be part of that, not only the midterm procurement. But we certainly see storage being a big part of the story in California as we go up to 2030 and 2045. And so, just to remind you, our Pathway 2045 analysis suggests that California-wide you'll see a need for 80 gigawatts of new renewables and 30 gigawatts of new storage at the bulk power level statewide. And while I would expect a lot of storage will also be done by third-parties, we have seen certainly an interest in statutes in preserving the options for some utility on storage. You've seen in our current rate case, we had filed in their provisions for not a large amount of capital, but some capital that was set aside. Maria, I want to say it was around $60 million, if I remember correctly, but check me on that $60 million, all right, for potential utility on storage. And when we see storage being a more likely target for utility ownership would be - where it can play a more integral role in grid operations; as an example, the 20 megawatts of batteries that we deploy at our Mira Loma Substation a few years ago. I'd say, bigger picture though, as we think about those near and midterm needs. And in the longer-term energy transition, the big capital investment opportunity in need here is making sure we have a robust grid to be able to interconnect clean energy resources with the increase in users across the economy as the economy electrifies. And as we see load, which was been generally stagnant for the last decade, increased by 60%, by the time we get up to 2045. So we see a significant need for investment in the wire system. And that along with potential upside opportunities in areas like the Charge Ready 2 program, there might be other opportunities like that as the environment evolves. So hope that covers it, Jeremy.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ryan. And I think a lot of the answer in broad strokes is what I just shared with Jeremy. I don't think that we have a more precise beat right now on here's this specific piece of equipment that might help with that. Remember that the rotating outages were not driven by the transmission or distribution system per se. They were driven by insufficiency in supply. And so a lot of the focus therefore is on the kind of near-term procurement that SCE advocated for and the CPUC approved last year. So recall that they approve something like 3,000 megawatts of procurement for the 2021 to 2023 timeframe. Of that, I think SCE has done - that's statewide number. And I think SCE has done something like 2,700 megawatts of procurement for that timeframe, largely with keeping some existing generators, going for a few more years, that's been in tandem with the State Water Resources Board, having extended the timelines for retirements due to once the cooling restrictions. So I think that's a lot of the very near-term actions. In the midterm, that's what I was talking about earlier, we see that statewide need for around 5,400 megawatts of resources beyond current contracts statewide. And so, some of that may be met by once again existing plants, being able to extend their lifetime, some of that may be driven by new resources, some of that could be combinations of storage additions that might provide greater effective capacity. So that I think could be something that - some portion of which might end up being done through utility rate base. And I think certainly it'd be a large portion of that that is done through competitive processes. On the transmission side, I don't know that I can point to any specific transmission deficiencies that would have contributed to the rotating outages. But as we think about the system, adding new resources that, of course, will then need to - lead to needs for transmission interconnection if those resources are landing in places that already have wire connections. And so, again, I don't think I have anything specific to share in terms of the near term. I will tell you in terms of the longer term view, heading out to 2045, in our Pathway 2045 white paper, when we try to put dollar figure around the resource needs, that 80 gigawatts of renewables and 30 gigawatts of storage, those new clean energy resources added up in our estimates, a rough estimate, go around $175 billion need for new investments statewide. Again, much of that may be done by third parties, and the related transmission bulk power system investments, through 2045 statewide will be something like $70 billion. So there is significant investment need ahead. And I think some portion of that will need to be served by utilities.
Pedro Pizarro: So I don't think there are any major new updates beyond what we have reported already. But just to recap that, we have reported that, this fire starting September 6, the reported start time of the fire was 12:21. We did have a relay on our system, on a 12 KV circuit, 5 minutes before that at 12:16. But one of the high-definition cameras that we have out there saw or captured the initial stages of the fire and saw smoke as early as 12:10 PM. So, 6 minutes before we saw any sort of activity in our circuit. And what was that, 11 minutes before the reported start of the fire. The US Forest Service is doing investigation. And they removed a 23-foot section of overhead conductor from the area of interest. And we understand that they also removed and retained some tree branches. So this suggested they may be investigating if vegetation was involved in ignition of the fire. We don't know if the US Forest Service is also looking at any other possible causes of the - for the fire or if this equipment is their sole focus. SCE is doing its own review. It's still really early here. We will certainly be looking at any number of potential causes. The bottom line, Paul, is it's way too early. And we have reached no conclusions in either direction in terms of causation at this point.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, I think just the only thing, Jonathan, maybe that's left with your question is you were I think asking about which portion of that amount is the subject? I think the way I interpret is the subject of the subrogation claims settlement that we reached, and that's about $1.2 billion.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, I guess, I would probably just go back to, what we have recorded on the books right now is the total recorded liability, Jonathan. The portion of that, the $1.2 billion approximately is associated with the subrogation claims payment. What I would say about your question and what's known and what's unknown, we took all of that into consideration in order to reach the best estimate. I don't think Pedro's comments earlier about the process we went through, et cetera. We're not trying to break down between all of the different types of claims payments at this point. You can understand why.
Maria Rigatti: So, in regards to both of those questions, I think your first question about thoughts about what I'll say approaches or tactics or tools, I think we have a lot of flexibility around the tools and all options I think are available to us, running the gamut, to ways we've done it before, ATM, et cetera. So I think we have a lot of options when it comes to the tools. And we'll work that out as we progress closer to the point in time in which we will be issuing the equity. And I think your second question around kind of why wait, I think we've described before that, the way these processes work, we have changed our best estimate. But that doesn't mean that cash is going out the door right now. In fact, the subrogation settlement that we announced last month, really - most of that was covered by insurance. So we're really going to follow that pattern of where - when cash is actually required. And that will play into our decision about the timing of the equity issuance.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So Julien, I think, it was a tough market, it's been a tough market for a couple of years, we have had the ability to get the amount of capacity that we wanted, albeit at a higher and higher price. So that is, of course, an issue for our customers. You may be aware that in our 2021 GRC, we've actually started to try and explore other alternatives that would have helped to lower the cost, so funded self-insurance and some things like that, balancing accounts, so that if the market changes to the good or the bad in terms of pricing that we're not caught short, nor would our customers bear an undue burden, if it actually turns out to be better than we were forecasting. So I think it's just something that we continue to monitor and we continue to work hard to get it into our program at the most affordable price for our customers.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, that's about right. And now I have to go to the math a little bit, went through it pretty quickly. But we had about $6.2 billion, or probably, I would say, $2.5 billion is a little low to me, if I go through the numbers. If you're going all the ways from the beginning, you're not - if you take all of the charges including the ones that have already been paid for the evidence of the settlements back here.
Maria Rigatti: If you're are all thinking about the - if you're thinking about to go forward, that's probably about - right about $3 billion.
Maria Rigatti: Hey, Michael, just one thing, because I was using my scratchpad while Pedro was going through it, I think…
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, I think the number you're looking for is more like $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. And we can go over how I did my math offline, if you want.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah, we're pretty far along in the process now. I mean, we - all we have left is really the ALJ to issue a proposed decision, and you could have oral arguments after that. So I won't say you can never do something like that. But we are pretty far along in the process in terms of Track 1. Track 2 on the other hand, obviously we were much earlier in the process and hadn't yet gone through a lot of the different piece parts of the proceeding when we reach the settlement in principal.
Maria Rigatti: If you look at our current rate case, so the GRC, that's especially the [Chapter 1] [ph], is everything were approved, which obviously that never happens. But the average monthly residential bill would go up to about $13 on average. Our care customers would go up to about - I think it's about $8 a month.
Maria Rigatti: So I guess I will caveat everything by saying that since the settlement go in to a lot of detail, only meant more people to think that there was anything in the settlement that would be untoward. We don't see any impact on earnings or anything like that. We'd be deferred some of the costs as being probable of recovery. Just wanted to clarify that, this is consistent with what we've previously thought.
Maria Rigatti: No. It was more to clarify that - well, I mean, I guess, it is a signal things are not going to have negative effect on earnings. But it was more to point to the fact that we had previously talked about, how we were deferring costs. And this settlement covers a number of those costs that we've been deferring.
