Jim Scilacci: Okay. Four items. $0.09 for uncertain tax positions release of reserves; $0.08 of additional repair and cost of removal deductions; $0.03 for generator refunds and $0.03 for FERC revenue -- additional FERC revenue.
Jim Scilacci: Well that’s a good question. Tell me what’s going to happen when with tax policy. That’s the real hard one to pin down. So we still are carrying some NOLs. So even if they didn’t extend bonus depreciation, there could be an impact in future years. But we haven’t put a forecast out. We don’t forecast tax policy or tax rates. So its going to be somewhere between the maximum rate and slightly lower if they don’t extend bonus and I can tell you where it will go to if they do extend bonus.
Jim Scilacci: Yes, it’s more one-time Julien. What we’re doing is updating our formula rate for actuals and for the 2008 proceeding around our construction work in process, proceeding that case was ongoing for a long time, and it was resolved. So it’s mostly one-time.
Jim Scilacci: There is not much left on the energy settlement. So we’ve been litigating those for over 10 years. So we are getting to the end of those.
Jim Scilacci: Well, I think, I will go back to the statement we used, and I don’t want to go beyond that or try to expand. So we’d see earnings being well above the high-end of the range. And the $0.23 we try to list for you that occurred in the first half alone. And we’ve projected other tax benefits and O&M savings to occur during the course of the year, the balance of the year. So that’s by putting all these factors together, we see it well above.
Jim Scilacci: Well, we got some clarity. Again, we have a settlement in place until mid 2015. Under the settlement we entered into over a year-ago and at that point of time later next year, we will take a look at it, run all the models and see what they yield and take into consideration what the FERC has provided us in terms of its recent guidance. And we will have to see if that implies an upward bias. It’s going to come down to interest rates and where dividend growth rates are in terms of using the FERC model and cranking it through. So there potentially could be some upside there, but you have to moderate it, because its really only 20% of our total rate base, it’s the CPUC side that really drives things overall.
Jim Scilacci: Okay, great. Let me cover the first part of it. I think it is the tax benefits you were referring to and what potential tax benefits there could be going forward into ’15. And as we’ve said all along, we will update with our GRC filing. All the numbers and we’d expect the benefits that we’re receiving currently, the $0.14 referred to before would go away and that’s incorporated in our rates starting in ’15. But we’re trying to point out here in ’14 the $0.09 of share, that’s a release of reserves related to our 2003 to 2006 audit cycle. We took the -- essentially the hit in the past and now, because of the way the negotiations are coming out; we can release those reserves and have benefits earnings. And I also said, the second item, when we said there would be 14 in total for the year, when we started the year. What I’ve said in my comments, there was an additional $0.08 over and above the 14 of additional repair and costs of removal deductions. So I think that’s the full line of tax benefits that we see as of the $0.14 for the full-year and through the first six months in the year.
Jim Scilacci: Yes, Michael, this is Jim. I think you’re right. We are guiding people to go back to the simplified model starting in ’15 because the way the regulatory mechanisms work here, we pass back to the ratepayer, the O&M savings that we talked about $0.35 that are embedded in our guidance and the tax benefits. Those all go back and they were back to the normal, I mean, if you take the rate base and times the return on common equity, times the 48% common equity ratio and you’re to get earnings pretty fast. There could be some volatility around that to a certain degree, because we will continue to focus on operational and service excellence, and there is the potential for additional savings. But we're not going to forecast anything here, but we will continue to look for things to optimize around our costs.
Jim Scilacci: That’s a broad question. So let me just pick at it, then we will let others chime in. At the utility in terms of ERRA, we said they were at $1.6 billion and we had the big rate increase that went in just …
Jim Scilacci: … June 1st. And we’ve generator refunds. There is $200 million that will be applied against the $1.6 billion and as rates have now gone up, we will start to amortize that down. An important element in terms of where we get at the end of the year is the SONGS settlement. There is a large refund that will come out of there and there is an advice filing pending before the Nuclear Decommissioning, and if they allow us to go into the decommissioning trust, that balance then will be refunded into your account. So where it ends up, I would say right now if they do improve the SONGS settlement and the advice filing, we will be materially reduced from where we’re today. There still could be a balance and that will pick up in ’14 will be materially reduced. And that balance, if any will be picked up in the ’15 year proceeding and amortized down if there is anything remaining. So any other short-term borrowings? There is actually fairly small amounts of borrowings at the utility right now. We will see that as a surge, if we have capital requirements or other things. But historically we’ve kept the balances well and it will just depend on capital expenditures going forward. Moving upstairs to the holding company, we said we’re up to $660 million of short-term borrowings and we did that because we made the first payment and we did the tax deposit. Now we’ve additional payments in ’15 and ’16 for the EME settlement. And really it’s going to come down to what’s going to happen with tax policy, which is going to affect the utility too, obviously, because that will be a source of cash and there will be less monetization of tax benefits at the holding company if we do see that. And it would just defer monetization for a period of time. Once you would expect, we will get the on bonus depreciation and the whole EME settlement is designed that it pays off the cost we’ve incurred and payments to the bond holders and for the tax payments we took on our side and some of the employee benefits. It ultimately is a net positive at Edison International. How this unfolds, its hard to tell at this point in time. We will just have to see what tax policy is especially at the end of the year.
Jim Scilacci: So what you’re referring to just for the clarification, is that Delaney-Colorado River transmission line. Remember going back and you’ve followed us long enough, there is already a transmission line that goes through that corridor. That’s Devers-Palo Verde transmission line number one. And we tried to do Devers-Palo Verde transmission line number two and Ron Litzinger can tell you all about how fun that was and if we built up to the Colorado River, and we stopped there. Now it’s the adjoining piece that goes out through Arizona. So I will pause there and let Ron give some more of the details.
Jim Scilacci: Yes, Paul just logically just trying to figure it out, on top of our heads, if you have a right of way that it already exists, how difficult it is to secure a right of way and going through all the combination process and getting all the approvals that you need. It is not easy to do that. We’ve got a large transmission construction going on and its one of the most challenging things for us to do. So that’s why I think its important.
Jim Scilacci: No, I don’t -- I can’t foresee it at this point in time. It would be similar to what the -- if you see capital structure would be.
Jim Scilacci: Well, I will start. Again, we don’t have any projections out there and I think Ted made some comments, that we’re very clear around this. Our distribution spending, we don’t see a drop off. There are certain components that we need to step up the level of replacements to get to the level that we think is appropriate. So we don’t have reliability concerns. What could cause our capital spending to go up or down were some of these other things that you see on Page 7 that would be transmission expenditures, the grid readiness. Right now that’s not in anything we’ve shown the commission. Ted indicted that we will make a filing next year that will detail some of those expenditures. So drop off I don’t think would be the appropriate word. I think in our investor materials, we’ve said it’s plateaued and it will go up or down depending upon what happens with some of these other things.
Jim Scilacci: Right now we have managed that as the principal owner. That’s obviously an option. We have seen others in the industry have done that and -- but I won’t speculate if we would go down that path.
Jim Scilacci: That’s a good question. So the generator refunds were certainly cash. FERC revenues were certainly -- will be cash. Tax benefits, the $0.08 is definitely cash …
Jim Scilacci: … eventually as it comes around and I don’t know on the $0.09, because you’re releasing reserves. And so that’s an earnings benefit and not a cash benefit.
Ted Craver: Yes, maybe just a little bit on it Dan. I think really our focus has been primarily on the wire side as opposed to the generation side. And we’ve in SCE something like 90 megawatts of roof top solar already, something like 35 different commercial roofs. But we’ve not really been adding to that portfolio. Frankly, it’s a good competitive environment. There are plenty of opportunities for lots of third parties to engage in this. Most of the times they can do it more efficiently than we can in the utility and where we’ve I think a unique contribution to make is in facilitating all of these technology, whether its roof top solar, whether its potential electrification of transportation, in energy storage, etcetera. Really all of that fundamentally relies on distribution system in particular to really work effectively and efficiently. We are uniquely positioned to provide that investment, that’s where we’re focused. So I don’t think you will see us rush to get into the generation side of this in --- within the utility so much as you really see the utility focus its investment on the wire side.
Ted Craver: Yes, just one the second one, all the intervenors who are going to provide testimony have done so and that was really what I was kind of capturing there. In terms of the direct signatories, it’s the two utilities, the labor group queue, ORA, TURN, and Friends of the Earth. So those were the direct signatories representing in all four of the main intervenor groups. In the testimony, several other groups, mostly consumer various forms of consumer related groups also provided a positive supportive testimony of the settlement. And as I indicated in my comments, really relatively few came forward with any opposition to the settlement. So I think basically everyone who has standing that wants to speak, has spoken and at this point really all that part is over with. We are really at the stage of waiting for the ALJ Proposed Decision.
Ted Craver: Yes, I will make maybe a couple of overarching points in that, and then I will give it to Ron, who is really much more directly involved in this part. We are -- I will do it in terms of buckets. I think there are a number of things on as you termed it, grid readiness side. I think of it as modernizing and expanding the grid system focusing primarily on the distribution system to make it more flexible and resilient and responsive. So some of that gets into the stuff that you mentioned, the two way flows of electricity today is pretty much designed to handle one way flows. And the more of the new technologies get introduced, whether that’s distributed generation or storage or some of the things around electric transportation, the more that distribution system needs to be flexible and responsive. One of the phrases we’ve used, its essentially creating a network system, a plug and play system, if you will, that can handle a lot of those new technologies and still remain reliable. The second really big bucket I think is on the transmission side and there are a number of things that we’re looking at, both within the utility as well as potentially outside the utility in competitive transition -- transmission work. We see a lot of opportunities, particularly in the West on those activities. So those are probably two of the larger ones. Beyond that, its some of the unregulated business and that’s where as we’ve referred to, its energy services focused on the commercial and industrial customers which we see as the most price sensitive as well as having a large enough footprint -- energy footprint that a lot of these things will be economic even without subsidies. Whereas on the residential side, I think continued subsidies will be required to really make those alternatives competitive with the grid. So those are the big buckets. Ron can cover more on the grid readiness part.
Ted Craver: Yes, definitely. And I mean that’s -- I’m kind of running out of new ways to say it. But I introduced one, new one this time that job number one is delivering on getting our payout ratio back into the targeted 45% to 55% of SCE’s earnings. And that’s probably about as close as I can get to saying everything you just outlined is exactly right, that we see increased capacity to move the dividend along at a higher growth rate than certainly what we’ve been doing in the past. And we’ve to do that. It has to grow faster than earnings in order to get back into that 45% to 55% payout ratio. People have been -- investors have been patient. We’re aware of that. We’re appreciative of that and we think we’re getting to that spot now where its time to deliver on getting our payout ratio back to where it belongs.
Ted Craver: I think you’ve outlined certainly the -- some of the considerations that will go into figuring out where we go from here. But I'm really not prepared at this point to speculate a lot on timing or amount. I've done everything I can to make clear that this is a top priority for us and we just have to assess the situation as it presents itself and make the best decision that we can and then explain our decision to investors.
Ron Litzinger: The particulars on grid readiness really comes down to the control systems and the protection systems on the distribution grid. We are going to have to put in much more sophisticated, more dynamic voltage controls for years. We got away with capacitors that just switch twice per day, once on peak and off peak. We are going to have to put in more sophisticated voltage controls to deal with a lot more voltage fluctuation. As we get into two way flows, we’re going to have to go with much more sophisticated relaying and protection systems that can detect both the distance and the direction of the fault, similar to what we’ve on the transmission grid and then once all that’s in place, as Ted mentioned, we can loop many more distribution circuits together and operate it more like a network which would actually improve reliability. And so, it’s primarily a controls game. What I’ve just described for you is essentially our plans around our urban circuits which are already suited for this, from the physical infrastructure itself. When you get out to our rural circuits though, however, we probably are going to have to upgrade some conductor sizes as well.
Ron Litzinger: Yes. So, we continue to have the entirety of the right of way and we see that as a competitive advantage and now that’s it a competitive gain, we’ve got to seek to maximize that and whatever others we can find.
Ron Litzinger: Just what we know historically getting this route and what the alternatives are, but we’re putting a dollar figure on that.
