Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Dexter, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up.  I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Dexter, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up, so everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Well, thank you for joining us today. This concludes the conference call. Have a good rest of the day and stay safe. You may now disconnect.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So Shar, just to reiterate, we don't have anything built into our 5% to 7% EPS CAGR through 2025 related to a cure on this. But rather, we've actually embedded all of the liability beyond the insurance recovery, et cetera, that we have. We've embedded that in basically the SCE costs excluded from authorized. So the drag is in there. we've updated the drag includes the update to the revision -- the liabilities that we did this quarter. And we've assumed about a 5.3% cost of financing, which corresponds to sort of where the forward curve looks today, and we're assuming sort of a 5-year tenure on that debt. We will, of course, be as efficient as possible as we go out and finance it -- so as the market reasserts itself and you see a shorter-term debt looking cheaper, we might decide to do some of that as well. But right now, that's what we're embedding. We're embedding 5-year tenure is based on a current forward curve.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So I would say, as part of the 5% to 7% CAGR, we're assuming that we execute our financing plans, I'll say, in the normal course. So what we announced earlier this year, but we've just created additional runway to push that off into next year. We're always looking at opportunities. I think obviously, we'll be tracking the developments that are happening in other parts of the state, looking at the regulatory outcomes, et cetera. We're also looking at other opportunities. We're always looking through our portfolio for assets that could provide a more efficient form of financing, but every company has a different portfolio. So we'll have to just keep looking.
Maria Rigatti: We resolved about $350 million claims this quarter. So we're still making progress on the claims, but it's just the math of the increase versus the resolutions.
Maria Rigatti: So the rating agencies typically treat whether we've actually sent the dollars yet or we've just reported the reserve or the liability, they treat that as either actual debt. We've we financed it or imputed debt if we haven't yet financed it. So that is part of the calculation. So it will be embedded. We do not need to change our financing plan to address this. We've been, as you know, quite interested in having our metrics improve. And so we've built up a little cushion. This is leading to the cushion over the next several years now.
Maria Rigatti: And Steve, maybe I'll just add one more thing. We do plan on filing for our first application recovery by late 2023. The change in the reserve has not impacted that schedule.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. Steve, I think because we're still in the middle of the settlement process and the litigation process, we probably don't want to break it out in too much detail, but obviously, it's a substantial amount.
Maria Rigatti: So Gregg, I think that, that real estate portfolio optimization is really about reducing the size of our footprint. Like many companies, we're returning to the office or have returned to the office in a different mode. So we're looking at places to consolidate and reduce our real estate footprint. I'd say that has the biggest impact on customer costs over time as we get more efficient with the use of our facilities.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So we did update the financing assumptions there. So now at the parent company, we are assuming that the embedded cost is about 6.1%. Like the rest of the company, at the parent, we have opportunities for both operational and performance efficiencies. And so we're targeting some of those to help offset the increase in rates. So it's a blend of things that have happened this quarter.
Maria Rigatti: It's a variety. So some things will certainly -- we will accomplish some efficiencies over the course of the next few years, and that will reset in the 2025 GRC. There's also things where you get misaligned over the course of a GRC. And so when we the spend back in line with authorized or vice versa, authorized back in line with the spend, we'd actually see a reduction of maybe some drag that we've been experiencing. So I think across the different variances, there's just a variety of different inputs. And so other things in that line, AFUDC, we have operational efficiencies. We have some other things where we'll have a catch up with the GRC. So a have a number of things.
Maria Rigatti: It changes through the year because the other thing that impacts that line item is also the timing of regulatory approvals. So you saw that earlier this year, we had highlighted getting an approval on the customer service replatform project and said that was a big timing difference potentially between this year and next year. We've gotten a final decision now. And so it's in 2022. You'll see some of those things over the course of the next few years, the exact timing of when they hit does -- is impacted by when we file the application as well. So it's a little bit of a mix from year-to-year.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. Maybe Nick, just maybe one more thing. I think Pedro has really focused both on the long term and the near term and recognizing that there are things that we want to work on over the near term to help bridge to that longer term. I think it's really interesting, too, from a commission perspective that they recognize the need for affordability. They recognize the work that people need to do. And our recent cost of capital proposed decision alternate proposed decision. A lot of the interveners actually focused a lot on affordability as the reason why the trigger mechanism should be permitted to trigger. And when the PD and the APD came out, the commission recognized that it's allowed to trigger that rates would actually go down, things were dollars already refunded to customers. But they also recognize that if you don't set the ROE at an appropriate level that reflects the utilities' risk. It will just make it that much harder to attract capital. So I think that you're seeing a balanced approach to affordability in California.
Maria Rigatti: So we'll obviously give our guidance on our 2023 guidance on our Q4 call. We've said before 5% to 7% from the midpoint of our 2021 guidance through 2025. There are some nonlinear years in there, you can imagine. But we are focused on delivering that value over the longer term.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. I think when I was with Nick, I did mention that it was nonlinear. So -- and we expect that because as you move through time, you're building up more efficiencies and the like. Obviously, as we're moving through time, we're able to put lean in our programs even more effectively. So I think that, that is true. There is also, as I mentioned, speaking to someone earlier on the call, we also have regulatory proceedings that we are very focused on so that we can deliver on those decisions at the appropriate time as well. And so that is part of the mix to Julian. So I think it definitely is all part of the mix of getting to that 5% to 7% EPS CAGR by 2025.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So in that range for parent and other, because that's where we're incorporating all the dilution. Obviously, with the lower end of the capital range, we would need less equity. That's been part of the if you go back to when we first started to talk about the plan through 2025, we talked about $250 million per year on average but that get at the higher end of that range if you're at the higher end of the capital range. So that's what that variability is as well as our ability to various operational variances, too.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. Steve, I appreciate the question, and I know it's a lot of investor minds. We have all hands on deck on this. And the reality is that we passed a major milestone in terms of information content with the closing of the Woolsey statute of limitations period. As I said in my prepared remarks, we now actually know the number of claimants, which is not something that we knew until we were able to get past that closer date and be able to evaluate the data. We said all along that we work hard to make sure we are providing investors the best estimate under GAAP, but we recognize that there's things that can change the best estimate as we proceed along I'm not aware of something -- the magic tool that we could use to somehow accelerate this other than where our legal team is working expeditiously with the thousands of remaining plaintiffs to get through that process. As you might recall from prior quarters, we have worked successfully to set up processes or having that be as expedited as possible with support from the respective courts. And so we will continue at it. I know there's some element of frustration with this for all of us but it is the reality of having the mass litigation case with thousands of individual plans still remaining in the balance sheet.
Pedro Pizarro: But to be clear, Maria, and helping out upon misunderstanding, Steve, Steve, we plan to request for recovery of all allowable amounts. So the only amount that we would not be asking for recovery for are the amounts that we've recovered already through insurance, the amounts that will recover from FERC or we expect to recover from FERC and the amounts that we agreed in the settlement with the safety enforcement division to exclude from cost recovery. So that leaves the vast bulk of the reserve is we are planning to go seek for recovery of all of that.
Pedro Pizarro: Between the combined filings. So again, remember, this filing in 2023 will be for the 2017 events, the TKM events, and then that will follow later with our filing for the 2018 events when '18 happened a year after 2017. So it's natural that those would not land at the finish line at the same time. And I think what Maria was referring to is we have not broken out for investors what portion is TKM versus what portion is Woolsey. We've shown you a combined number. We are in active litigation, and that's just -- we can always finding the balance point here between providing sufficient information for our investors, while recognizing we're in active litigation, so making sure that we're not providing excessive information that could end up impairing our ability to defend our customers in the litigation poses.
