Scott Cunningham: Thanks, Holly. And good morning, everyone. Our principal speakers today will be Chairman and CEO, Ted Craver; and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Scilacci. Also with us are other members of the management team.  The presentation that accompanies Jim's financial review, together with the earnings press release, our 2010 10-K filings and supplemental information on EMG's 2011 EBITDA outlook are available on our website at www.edisoninvestor.com. This afternoon, we will be posting a regular business update presentation. This will add our usual business strategy and key initiative information. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the financial outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries and about other future events. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations.  Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our 10-K and other SEC filings. We encourage you to read these carefully. The presentation and supplemental information on our website includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. When we get to Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have further questions, please return to that queue. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ted Craver.
Scott Cunningham: Yes, we're looking forward to working with the two new commissioners, Sandoval and Florio. Commissioner Florio has participated in our procurement review in the past. And so we have a previous working relationship with him, and we'll work to establish that with Commissioner Sandoval as well. We really don't speculate on any major policy or political changes. But I recognize a change in commission may or may not lead to changes in the environment.
Scott Cunningham: Thanks, everyone, for participating on the call. And please don't hesitate to follow up with any questions. Thank you. Bye-bye.
W. Scilacci: I think all along, most of our concern has been about the timing of transmission projects, Jonathan. And as Ted mentioned in his prepared script, a number of these projects are firming up. And I guess the only other piece I would mention is the solar rooftop program because that had been slipping out in time as we were somewhat struggling with the program. And now that's what we filed with the commission to alter it. We fully expect to spend our distribution dollars because that comes down to reliability of the system. So we didn't anticipate being much different from what we forecast versus what we actually spend.
W. Scilacci: Yes, it's more or less prorated by year. And it's just simply taken as a simple average of what happened over the last two years supplied forward.
W. Scilacci: Yes, it's relatively small. And what we've done essentially is shifted outages. We had one planned and we shifted that planned outage forward. And we are anticipating that there will be some insurance proceeds and potentially, business interruption insurance. So the overall impact is fairly small and it's incorporated.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I wish we could tell you a firm date. And I'll start off here and give it to Linda Sullivan if there's more to add. We have to wait for the service to release final regulations. And I keep asking our tax guy, when is that going to occur? And I keep getting responses back as well, it could happen in March, it could happen in April, it could happen in May. But literally, we'll have to wait and then once we get that information and we've already been going through the process of trying to estimate it, then we'll update our GRC filing. And I think the core of your question, Dan, is, could it delay the GRC? And we're not expecting that to be the case. And the bulk of the adjustment is going to be for 2013 and 2014 as the amount of bonus depreciation catches up and flows into our rate base. So bottom line, I don't think there's going to be a delay and if the improvement or the reduction to run the requirement will build over the three-year period.
W. Scilacci: I think because you can see, we talked last quarter, how we opened up our hedge position to take advantage of any improvement there that might be in power markets. And I think we haven't come off that position. And the way we operate the plants is such that we'll look at adjusting things. There are certain things you can do in terms of minimum load levels and how you ramp the plants to take advantage of both price environments. And we have, if you recall, at Midwest Gen, put some up off-peak hedges on in order to guard against low prices especially in those shoulder months where prices can become fairly low. So it's a number of things we've done and we'll adjust our hedge position once we see some improvement in the market position.
W. Scilacci: We haven't put out a number in that. And you can see what the numbers have been historically. And it all goes back to what's happening overall. And I think we'll just have to track that on an ongoing basis until -- and I'm struggling here because we haven't put out a number in the public domain so I really can't give you a firm set. But it will be meaningful for EMG over this period because we are doing NOL position for the next couple of years. But again, as that NOL clears through, then the tax benefits will pull back into EMG.
W. Scilacci: Exactly, you've got it on the nose. We put in all unit compliance assumption in here. And the basic breakdown is you've got NOx controls, the SNCR that Ted referred to, there's $109 million and that's going on at virtually all the units. And then you have the SO2 controls. For 2011, we've got $42 million that are planned and that would be in Waukegan 7 and potentially Powerton 5 and 6. Again, I just want to stress, we haven't made those decisions yet about making the SO2 controls. There's some different things you can do that we're looking at potentially, the way you burn, what coal you burn in the boiler and the timing of these capital expenditures. So we will make those decisions at the last possible time frame that we can do it.
W. Scilacci: No, '11 only. So that's the last of the SNCR expenditures. And so these plans will allow us to fully comply with the rates that are established in our requirement with Illinois EPA.
W. Scilacci: I think that it will cover the initial costs for Powerton. There are more things that will go on there. What this is going to do, the amount of controls you put on that will ramp up over time. But the initial capital costs are pretty much set. So I'm going to stop there and say that's something will provide additional information on and let me look at Pedro Pizarro here, if there's anything further that we can add.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I just want to re-emphasize, too, that those expenditures will allow us to comply with the SO2 rate as it steps down in each of those years.
W. Scilacci: I think bonus depreciation, that's a good question, provides additional liquidity. And we're not anticipating additional borrowings at the Holding Company to meet the dividend requirements for the company. And we again, just to get to the core of the point here, we don't expect or have any –- plan any needs for equity for the business.
W. Scilacci: Yes, for the foreseeable future. Clearly, we wouldn't tell you if we thought. But we don't foresee anything at this time.
W. Scilacci: What I'll do, Jay, is start there and I'll take it over to Pedro if I missed something there. And clearly, we're taking into consideration in our rail contract negotiations, whatever we believe is going to happen with the units. And we'll adjust the tonnage accordingly. Since we won't -- historically, we have said that we won't talk about if we're in negotiations or not, I mean, just going to leave it at that. But we recognize that, that's a sensitivity in terms of how much we ultimately secure.
W. Scilacci: Well, let me go back and sometimes we're clear but vague on these issues. We opened up our position thinking that the risk was greater, that there was little risk at the downside, the opportunity was greater to the upside. And our view was, we'll wait and see and we'll actually put some hedges on if we're able to capture some opportunities that we think are attractive. And we'll continue to do that. We typically like to be in a hedged position going into a year, but you're 50% hedged on your gross margin at risk. And we lock down the gross margin at risk more on your on-peak hours than your off-peak hours. So expect us, if we see an improvement in prices, we will probably drop some additional hedges in to take some of the risk off the table. But if prices don't change appreciably, we probably won't change our position all that much.
W. Scilacci: Yes, there's a number of things that are going on there. The bonus depreciation of solar rooftop programs are two things we've talked about, but that's more in '13 and '14. What I think is happening in '12, when I went back and looked at the numbers from last quarter, I think it's the change in the range had more to do with it than the other two items. And there are some other minor changes that occurred when we update for the GRC filing. But the bigger change and the most significant one was the change in the range. Last quarter, we were carrying I think was a 16% range and now we're at 10.5%. So that was the most significant change that occurred for '12.
W. Scilacci: So, well, the numbers you see on the page there, it tries to give -- the top number of the forecast range is what we filed for. And the bottom end of the range is just the mathematical derivation of taking 10.5% off that number or if you went to last quarter, 16.5% off the forecast range. So what we've done now is narrow that range a little bit so mathematically, that's all that's changed.
W. Scilacci: We are getting closer to that timeframe. And as you are aware, we received some construction permits for Waukegan and Powerton and those permits have one-year timeframes. And then here, you could go in and ask for an extension if you had a good reason. So I can't give you a specific answer because we haven't identified one yet but it's getting closer and probably in 2012, we'll probably be getting right there.
W. Scilacci: I don't think we specifically spelled that out, Michael. Well, you can see in the appendix, there'll be some additional information that starts at earnings and drops down to adjusted EBITDA. So that goes, ties back to the negative $0.19.
W. Scilacci: No, we've provided -- I'm sorry, I'm struggling here because we're kind of limited to what we can tell you. We gave you the range within the changes that we're expecting from the Generation portfolio and there are a number of puts and takes. Ted mentioned, the roll-off of the hedged contracts that are affecting the Oakland positions so the gross margin is going to go down. Capacity values will decline in 2011, just like what happened with the RPM auction. And those are the principal drivers, really, that are affecting the merchant coal margins.
W. Scilacci: Well, it really has to do with utility, given the large capital expenditure program at SCE and the sheer amount of things that can qualify for 100% depreciation. So when you think about the utility, there's not a lot of large projects that are going on there. There's many, many, many small projects that go on the distribution side that qualify for 100% depreciation. So that affects EIX on a consolidated basis because it's going to put us into an overall NOL position. And the way it works, too, as you know, that we do taxes on a stand-alone basis, really, SCE comes first and then you consolidate everything and given just the sheer size of the capital program, it throws us into a net operating loss position for the corporation.
W. Scilacci: It's hard to say. We expect it will be there for '10 and '11. '12 is a little harder to say. Depends on how ultimately they put out the regulations on bonus depreciation. And also, it will be dependent upon what the capital levels will be, the capital expenditure levels that are set in the GRC. So I think it's too early to call 2012 yet, but it could be.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I don't know if I could draw the same linkage as you are there. What I think what you need to understand that we've incorporated bonus depreciation based on our interpretation, which still hasn't been finalized. And the commission will go through the process and later on, we'll be updating our rate case filings based on the reduction and revenue requirement that flows from bonus depreciation. So that will happen later and then the commission separately when they have all that information, will make their determination to decide what's appropriate for you, for the enterprise. So it's really hard to put all those pieces together and say that they'll feel better about our rate case forecasts based on bonus depreciation.
W. Scilacci: Yes, so what we said in the script was there's cash flow benefit in 2011 of $550 million. That's not the rate base adjustment. What's going to happen here is that we file with the commission later this year, we will update for our rate base forecast, incorporating the normalization of these tax benefits. That's what's required under law and that's what we typically do. And all the other utilities will be doing the same thing. And so they'll incorporate that and look at the numbers and come up with an appropriate decision. So the $550 million is a different number than what's going to happen with the rate base.
W. Scilacci: Well, under the rules, this is normalized, not flow-through. Flow-through, you give it all to them immediately. Normalization, you pass it back over time.
W. Scilacci: No, we don't get that over a longer period of time. But the way the rules work is that we'll update it and you'll see a reduction in the revenue requirement and the benefit will flow to the rate payer over the remaining life of our assets. So it's just more like 20 years, they’ll see that benefit.
W. Scilacci: It's fungible here. It's going to help fund construction expenditures for SCE. So it may result in lower short-term debt balances at SCE. And then we anticipate that the holding company, as a result of bonus, won't either tap into the marketplace to fund potential dividends.
