Theodore F. Craver: Yes, I think the primary one is the distribution system. There's a slide, I forget the page, but it shows that over the next 3 years, over 60%, so coming close to 5/8 of the capital expenditures, are really in the distribution area. We continue to believe there are substantial opportunities on that side. In fact, historically, we've put in to our rate cases for more in the way of a systematic infrastructure replacement. That usually becomes some discussion, particularly with some of the consumer groups and consumer interveners. It gets knocked back. So we tend to think there's a lot more that needs to be done on that side. There's continuing need for electric grid reliability and strengthening. I think we'll only see kind of more of that as there are discussion about trying to improve reliability overall across the nation. So I think it's really the wires piece and particularly in the small wires piece that we see the greatest opportunities. There will be stuff around the fringes. We pretty much signaled here, we're not looking to do a huge amount in the generation side. That would really be more left for the competitive marketplace. But here and there, there'll be some kind of special circumstances, like we've had in the past, that will contribute a little bit.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes. It's a good question. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to give you a great, satisfactory answer here because there is a certain amount of we'll have to see. And I think you know us pretty well. We've -- we tend to be fairly conservative on these things. We don't want to get ourselves committed to a higher dividend and then have to struggle. So we are outlining and have been signaling to investors for some time now that we see the bulge in capital spending as probably being this year. And with that, we'll see a little bit of tapering off in the annual capital spending from what it has been. That actually creates kind of a bow wave of cash, which we think positions us well to move that dividend up, back up into that 45% to 55% of utility earnings targeted payout ratio. We're really staying away from trying to predict. We can get there in 1 year, we can get there in 5 years, we get there in whatever. It's -- it really is a matter of what the pace of capital spending will be. That's a little hard to exactly predict. And we'll balance it off with opportunities for growth. But it's pretty clear to us, we'll be moving back into that targeted payout ratio.
Theodore F. Craver: I can do that, but I'm going to actually let Ron Litzinger do that. He's got really a little bit better grip on it and closer to it.
Theodore F. Craver: I'll take that one, Hugh. This is Ted. I think there are various people out there that are kind of looking around, but I don't think anybody's really gone significantly into any of these areas. Most of the nonutility activity, as you well know, is -- I'll call it traditional central plant and, most often, fossil or nuclear gencos. We're not talking about that here. This is something different. So it's really looking at some of the new business activities. As I indicated, most of those, you look around the country, nobody really is making money hand over fist in those. So it is something you've got to be, I think, mindful of, watch the trends, identify areas where you think there is the most potential opportunity and find a way to participate but at a pace that isn't a distraction and allows you to get a little closer to what those trends look like without putting a significant financial risk around them. So I think it's -- probably the better examples would be in other industries, where there's been substantial change, transformative or disruptive change to ultimately to the core business. The companies that have been most successful in those industries have been ones that early on spent some time trying to understand where some of these longer-term trends could take you and get involved in relatively small activities in those startup areas so that if the trends really develop or start to accelerate, you have something of a platform, something of a basis for redirecting some of your capital and energies into those businesses so that you're not caught flat-footed. And that's the concept that we're working at. So I think it's probably the examples are better identified in other industries than they are in our current industry.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes, it's a good question, and I'm not sure we have a great answer at this point. But we will have to start showing some visibility to that as we get into our next rate case cycle. So the summer, we'll kind of have our first filing for the new rate case cycle, and you'll get a little bit better feel for it there. But I think, to be frank, generally, what we've experienced, as I indicated, is we have more opportunities than probably, really capacity with ratepayers and -- to manage the affordability of electric rates on the capital investment side. So the real game here is to try to be very judicious in the prioritization of those investments. And as we've tried to signal here today, really look hard at how efficient we are on the operational side so that we can free up as much in a way of dollars to go towards the capital investment and reliability and instead of having to just go out in O&M. So those are the ways we're trying to unleash as much potential investment in those areas as we can without putting too much pressure on the affordability of customer rates.
W. James Scilacci: It is an after-tax number. It was larger in '12, declined in '13 and we'd expect it to decline slightly in '14. So we haven't put out '14 guidance. So there's a trend downward is all I'm warning.
W. James Scilacci: If you take 2012 as the base year and show the growth for '13 and '14, you're going to get to 7% to 8% projected rate base growth for that period from '13 and '14. And once we file the NOI, we will do that same calculation for you for the full 5-year period.
W. James Scilacci: Now I'll take the guidance question. I think in the guidance chart, we assumed that we get full cost recovery, so that's the full return of and on depreciation, O&M and so forth. And to the extent that there is additional replacement power, that's being booked in the ERA balancing account. And obviously, that's subject to future reasonableness review as we go through the proceedings. And I think I also said in my prepared remarks, we've assumed there will be no further recovery from MHI over and above the $45 million that we have already recovered, and our shares is obviously less. The $45 million is 100%. And so that's the current state of affairs as far as what's embodied in '13 guidance. And I'll pause and look over to Ron as far as the first part of the question.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. And when you say ongoing, we're saying, and in my prepared remarks, that these benefits will occur in '13 and '14, that -- but we would expect the O&M savings and the tax deductions to be trued up as part of the 2015 GRC. And I'm not sure what's going to happen with energy efficiency. I think we'll have -- this is the 2011 program year benefit, and so we'll have 2012. And then they'll have a new plan after that. So I can't tell you beyond that what could happen in '15.
W. James Scilacci: Well, I think you have the component parts there to come in pretty close. And the energy efficiency earnings is $0.03. And then we've already talked about the benefit of the income tax deduction -- repair deduction for 2013. So the O&M savings is the difference between those 2.
W. James Scilacci: It's a good question. What we've been doing is watching the staffing at the holding company based on the bankruptcy filing of EME. Obviously, there are some things that EME used to draw upon that we're not doing any longer. So we are incurring some costs at the holding company to support some of the new business activities that we're looking at now. And we haven't broken them -- broken those out or provide any additional color associated with them because they're pretty small. In the ongoing cost for the holding company historically, there's been approximately about $0.01 a month or $0.12 a year. It kind of gives you a rough order of magnitude, but we're going to watch those -- that number very carefully, as we know the holding company is at cost center, it doesn't provide any earnings, and we're going to manage that as carefully as we can.
W. James Scilacci: Yes, that's a good question. Obviously, here at fourth quarter, I think every time you file SEC reports, you're going to need to look at your accounting or if there's some kind of triggering event that would cause you to reassess, if some event has occurred. So we will do that every single quarter, then we file our financials and look at the prudence of our actions if something new appeared or the NRC does something. So we got to do that constantly.
W. James Scilacci: Not that I could see right now because the 4 stages of the Commission's process, it's going to take some time before we're to a proposed decision. So we're in the latter part of the year before we hear under the first stage. And it's important, too, in terms of what's happening with the NRC process to hear about what's going to happen with Unit 2, and that informs our decision-making around Unit 3, too. So I think, if anything, it's probably going to be in the latter part of the year before the next signpost might occur.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes, our plan for 2013 is going to be very similar to what we did in 2012, which are accelerate transmission upgrades that were out in the future forward and complete those in time for this summer to increase flows into South Orange County and a big focus on demand response as well, which we were successful with last year. And we will reinitiate those this year and even incorporate some lessons learned from last year. Huntington Beach, which was available last summer, is not available as a generator this summer. And we will be looking at additional transmission upgrades to provide that flow-through support. So we're doing everything we can. We continue to plan for a 1 in 10 summer, and we will just see how it goes. But it's more the same and it's primarily on the transmission side.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes, on the NRC, we are continuing to answer questions that we receive from the NRC. On our submittal, we will continue to do so and participate in the public meetings as they go on. The latest indications from the NRC are that they expect a late April, May time frame to make a decision. The wildcard remains the hearing with the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board on the Friends of the Earth petition.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes, there are -- with regards to license amendments, clearly, there is the Friends of the Earth petition, which is in front of the Atomic Safety Licensing Board, as to whether our Cal submittal is a de facto license amendment, that is out there. And then there are focuses in the questions we've received as to the process going forward. Our review of past actions by the NRC on units that have derated, a license amendment isn't required. We'll just have to see as we go through the process. Hard to speculate what will happen.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes. I'm just thinking for a second. I'm not sure that I could cite precedents. If we put in for a license amendment, it can be handled 1 of 2 ways. The staff could find what's called a no significant hazards determination, which is a -- potentially a shorter process, and then there is the full-blown process. And we'll just have to wait and see how it plays out. It'll be tough to speculate at this point.
Ronald L. Litzinger: It's my knowledge only that no significant hazards determination has that opportunity, and it's not guaranteed there either.
