Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Sheila and welcome everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include Form 10-K, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria, and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Sheila, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow up so everyone in line have the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Thanks for joining us. This concludes the conference call. Have a good rest of the day. You may now disconnect.
Pedro Pizarro: So I think I'll start, Maria. I can continue here. But we're focusing on what we are investing in ‘24 and we see that being an investment in systems, processes, or continued work and operational excellence that we think will accrue benefits for customers over the long haul. So it's really all about making sure that we are thinking long term and doing good things for the business. This is not like one big bang. It's multiple opportunities. So I think we've discussed with investors in the past consistent with our operational excellence work.
Pedro Pizarro: And, Steve, I think a reminder beyond those projects that have been identified by ISO, to go back to our countdown to 2045 white paper from last year as we looked across all of California, we see this continued need to invest in the grid over the long term through 2045 with the pace of transmission of issues needing to be 4x statewide what it's been historically and the pace of distribution of issues needing to be 10x what it's been historically. So we see a lot of work for the utility in the two decades ahead. Great.
Pedro Pizarro: What I said was that the majority of it was from one claim, Anthony. And what we're seeing is that as we went to that, it was one claim and then I think just a small number of other claims made up the balance of that. We're seeing that our research modeling continues to be robust, but we had a couple unique outliers that required an adjustment this time.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes, I'll give you a couple of reactions to that. That's a good question, Michael. Clearly, we continue to monitor how the landscape is changing. We do that in partnership with fire agencies, with OEIS, so to the extent that additional areas are designated HFRA, high fire risk areas, in the future, then we would make sure that we're using the same standards that we use for high-fire risk areas today. We do expect that as climate change continues to drive more extreme weather, if you go back to our adapting for tomorrow white paper, by 2050 we see something like a 20% increase in wildfire risk statewide. But that said, this is where we're relying on the hardening, and so certainly if we see more areas coming to that high-risk fold, then we will apply the same sort of methodology to them. The other thing I'd say is that as we progress in our normal investment, we've had this big push to do the rapid hardening in HFRA, but we've also upgraded our standards for just generic replacements. And so we'll also see hardening take place more organically as we continue our bread and butter infrastructure replacement throughout the system.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes, and I'd say I'm getting perspectives of that on that not only for my EDI colleagues, but as I engage with CEOs across the economy, right? The Business Roundtable, Business Council. It is a big topic for everybody, a big focus area. I think this is a long-term opportunity, Ryan, and we're really excited about it. I feel proud that Edison, I think it's one of the early movers, certainly in our sector. And so the kinds of examples you heard me describe where we had some pilots, we've moved from pilots to actually implementing permanent additions to things like what I mentioned in the Customer Call Center support. It's a real long-term efficiency opportunity, but we're still very early days, right? And so handicapping, I know it's going to be significant. How quickly can they really get deployed? How quickly does the technology mature? Pitting that in against more specific cost estimates. I think this is something we will continue to see in probably at least a next two or three rate cases over time at SCE. So there's going to be a curve to that. And we're moving quickly with the pieces we're working on right now. We're seeing impact from them, but it will take a while for that to mature into long-term savings where we can say, here's X cents in EPS that's coming from that, or here's the millions of dollars that we're able to save customers in a future rate case.
Pedro Pizarro: And I would just use it as an opportunity a little shameless plug but this kind of goes back to page 3 in the deck. We manage the business. We have met or exceeded our guidance for the last two decades and we plan to continue doing that Julien.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. And Julien, again, same thing for ‘28 is for ‘25. We've shared with you our target of 5% to 7% growth rate through ‘28. And our growth rate will be someplace in that 5% to 7% range. For ‘25, you're going to see a growth rate for us. It's going to be 5% to 7%. It's not 3%, it's not 4%, it's going to be 5% to 7%. So we're going to meet our guidance and deliver on our expectations for you all.
Maria Rigatti: Yes, Shar, I think Pedro captured a lot of it in that response. I'd also focus on the fact that the spending that we're doing, the reinvestment that we're doing, we talk a lot about affordability, but we also talk a lot about reliability for our customers. So you're seeing us put the money to work in reliability efforts, so grid remediation, generation, as well as the operational excellence initiatives that will provide value over a long-term period. So I think it's those things that we're really focused on in 2024. And you'll continue to see us make those investments as we move forward.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So as you know, we are not assuming any recovery in our long-term EPS forecast. We have submitted a very compelling case, and you know we're making progress and have the scoping memo now, but we haven't incorporated anything there in terms of the benefit. We have provided interest rate assumptions. We don't really have -- we have some refinancings in ‘24. As I mentioned earlier, we only have $300 million of refinancings coming due in 2025, but the interest rate forecast that we have today embedded there is pretty consistent with what we're seeing. So as we continue down that path, we'll just be providing sort of quarterly updates on the activity around the cost recovery application.
Maria Rigatti: Sure, Steve. It's Maria. So what we've talked about in the past around the cost of capital mechanism and the trigger is that obviously that's your, might interest rates and the interest rate environment that we're in. And as we look forward, we do view that cost of capital mechanism and the trigger as being a hedge against interest rate changes on the expense side of the equation, if you will, but also an opportunity to reinvest in the business, again, looking at that longer term affordability. So as you think about changes year-over-year, you can see, as we already talked about in 2024, you can see that we're taking dollars and we're reinvesting them in the business. As you look forward you can see that we are taking dollars and we are reinvesting them in business. As you look forward to 2025, I think there's a really interesting chart and I want to highlight it. As you look forward to 2025, we have updated the rate-based earnings in 2025. Makes sense. The cost of capital mechanism is triggered. We've updated our tariff sheets. Our next rate change will be implementing the new cost of capital. So it makes sense to update rate-based earnings. And then we've gone through the rest of the buckets in 2025 and also updated them first to reflect the changes in interest rates, the hedge aspect of the cost of capital mechanism. So you see that our cost excluded from authorized has been updated. That's largely wildfire debt interest expense. We've also taken a look at all of the other buckets, the operational variances, et cetera. But when you look at what's happening between 2024 and 2025, the increase in earnings is driven by rate-based growth. SCE operational variances in line with historical levels, not a significant driver. EIX parents and other, not a significant driver of year-over-year growth into 2025. And frankly, now by 2025, the wildfire debt will have also stabilized, not a significant driver. So that's how I think about the cost of capital mechanism and then how it rolls through all of the different components.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So we are the incumbent transmission owner for 17 of the projects that CAISO has included in their plan. That's $2 billion plus. That is largely post-2028. So as we continue to refine the cost estimates, because although we are the incumbent transmission owner, we are doing the engineering work currently, as we continue to update that and get a firmer view of the specific cost, we will roll that out but again but again, a lot of the spending is post-2028. In terms of the competitive bids that were out for bid or the competitive projects that were out for bid last year, we did bid on two projects and should know sometime in the spring whether or not we've been selected.
Maria Rigatti: Yes, great, Nick. So you're talking about the rate-based true-up that we show on that bridge in the deck, right? And so when you think about that, there are different components to rate-based. As I said earlier, rate-based is the driver for earnings growth between 2024 and 2025. Two buckets around rate-based growth. One is related to the 2025 GRC and the other is related to non-GRC applications, if you will. I'll break down the GRC, the 2025 GRC related item, a little bit more. Some of that is just 2025 CapEx. We spend it, it goes into rate-based. The prior spending and the true-ups really reflect, as an example, over the course of a rate case cycle, the actual mix of capital that we've deployed or assets that we've deployed is a little different than what's unauthorized. So we have true-ups around that prior period spending. We also have some non -CapEx related items that get trued up in a rate case or get, as they say, litigated in a rate case. Those could be things like taxes or the amount in which customer deposits are treated. So there's a number of things in there. Those are not atypical for a rate case proceeding. The second piece, the non-GRC piece of it, the applications there, those also relate to prior period spend, but those are things that we're going to seek recovery for outside of the general rate case. And we should be filing something relatively soon, in fact, particularly around the items that relate to prior period covered conductor spend. So that's the flavor of the rate base. I think it's really important to note also that, so it's rate-based growth, it's rate-based earnings, but it covers actually a pretty diverse bucket of different elements, and so we think that that diversity also helps strengthen the move from ‘24 to ‘25.
Maria Rigatti: Sure, so we did include a source and uses this time for the ‘25 to ‘28 period. We have a very strong commitment to our balance sheet, and I think you've seen us demonstrate that commitment with the financing decisions we made in the past, but also the balance sheet has been strengthened by all of the wildfire mitigation that we've deployed. It's really made a difference, I think. As we move forward in time and we add capital to the capital plan, SCE will of course fund it for their authorized capital structure, and we're in the 15% to 17% FFO to debt range. So the EIX component of the financing plan, we'll just have to see where we are in that 15% to 17% FFO to debt range, and we'll make our decision based on our metrics.
Maria Rigatti: It's a third choice. We have some maturities that are coming up in 2024. So that's built into the ‘24 number. Obviously also built into the ‘25 number. Also as we continue to settle claims, the way we've modeled this is that we will be substantially complete with that by the end of 2024. And so you're really not seeing big increases in the debt. There is a maturity that will have to be refinanced in 2025, but it's only $300 million. So those are the drivers for why the number stays pretty constant and we would expect that as we get closer and closer to the end.
Maria Rigatti: Great, Michael. Thanks. So we are waiting for the scoping memo. We've gone through various aspects of the proceeding thus far. We know where interveners have focused their questions. To some extent, they focus a little bit on safety, but I think that we've easily addressed that there's no change in the, from the safety posture due to this transaction. They've also taken a look at the sharing mechanism that's been proposed. Obviously, we embedded a sharing mechanism with customers that's already part and parcel of our tower structure around these types of assets, but they did raise some questions around that. So, like you were waiting for the scoping memo, we're hopeful that it'll come out relatively soon, but that is the next step in the process. As you recall, the request that we made was to treat this sale in a particular manner that would not require a very large application to follow along to the first one. That will be decided as we go through and we could see things go quickly and do something this year, but certainly could go into 2025 in terms of a sale. We won't really start marketing until we actually know what the regulatory schedule will be because we think that's more productive from a transaction perspective.
Maria Rigatti: Ryan, I'm just going to say that the CAISO has all of our information, and we'll let them go through it before we make a lot of detailed statements about our bid.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So we did provide sort of a bridge between 2024 midpoint to 2025 midpoint. And I think the way that we've discussed the cost of capital mechanism before is that it is, it triggered because of the interest rate environment. And so we view it as, in part, a hedge against interest rate movement. We also view it as an opportunity to make investments. And those investments could be purely around creating longer-term affordability, which then provides more opportunity to invest in rate-based, but also around reliability, which we know is a top focus for our customers as well as for our regulator. If you think about what we've updated for 2025, we took the rate-based update that's associated with the cost of capital mechanism. We also took a look at where interest rates had moved, which is, again, the hedge, the other part of the cost of capital is on the expense side. And we updated our cost excluded from authorized. Those movements were largely related to wildfire claims debt. That's stabilizing, of course, post-2024, but you can see that we've updated that. We looked at the operational variances again as well, and we've seen that those are pretty much flat year-over-year, a little bit of an increase year-over-year with 2024, so in line with historical levels. Obviously, as Pedro noted, we're working on a lot of different operational excellence efforts. And so we're going to continue to make those investments so that ultimately, we get more of those benefits out on the other side. But those are the ways that we thought about the update to 2025 and really wanted to highlight that if you look at 2024 and then you look at 2025, it's that rate-based growth that is driving earnings. And that is ultimately in the long term, the earnings growth trajectory for the company is always going to be tied to rate-based growth. And so I think that really clarifies sort of the stability and the foundation for our long-term earnings trajectory.
Maria Rigatti: Right. So I think we've been really explicit. I think there's even a chart that shows the progression, even from 2001 to 2025, in terms of what that earnings drag is related to the wildfire debt. Not trying to mask anything at this point. We've laid out the maturity schedule that we have related with wildfire debt. We've incorporated, we basically, as I noted earlier, we've assumed that we will be pretty much done with the wildfire claims payments by the end of this year. And so all of those amounts, plus the refinancings that we'll do this year and next year, are baked into that number. So I don't think that we're talking about anything that is sort of an area where you would see something unexpected happen. We haven't incorporated, we're talking a little bit about offsets and the like. We have not incorporated any benefit from the cost recovery application and recovery of those claims payments. So there is nothing that would eat into that $0.61 in a negative way. Cost recovery obviously creates a benefit because then that interest expense would be offset by authorized revenue. So it actually, I think, in terms of your question, would go the other way.
Maria Rigatti: Oh, I see your question. Sorry, and I probably didn't understand it clearly the first time. No, those are going to be rate-based earnings. So the dollars, the $0.78 is just the increase from rate-based earnings and the next year those things will still be in rate-based. So we'll just be, if you look back at the chart that we have, that shows rate-based year by year, we were bridging from the midpoint, but it's cumulative numbers you go forward. Each year the rate-based will just embed the change that happened in ‘25 and then whatever incremental CapEx we have on top of that in the current year.
Maria Rigatti: Yes, so that is largely related to Wildfire Claims Set. And as we've been updating the amounts that we have to pay for claims, we need to update that. And there has been volatility as we've gone in and refinanced some of the claims. So it's really the driver in the difference relative to the prior is really about Wildfire Claims Payment-Related Debt. Again, our view, and we talked about this on the last earnings call as well, is that the cost of capital mechanism, which is driven by the interest rate environment, has a corollary on the expense side. And so the CCM is really a hedge against the ongoing interest rate movements.
Maria Rigatti: Right, it did. And it is still really, I understood your question, sorry. It is related to increases in wildfire claims related to that.
Maria Rigatti: So, Greg, we, as you know, every quarter take a look at all of the information that we have and then tie that back to what we think about our best estimate. The process that you just referred to ended yesterday, the team is in the process now of evaluating all of the responses that have been submitted. And so, over the course of the next quarter, we'll be taking a look at that and we will update folks as we get through that onto the next earnings call.
Maria Rigatti: So if you'll recall that in Q3 we did -- when we did have the more sizable increase in the reserve, we didn't really update every single line item in the 2025 rack-up because we knew that we would be able to manage within the range. So but now that we've got the CCM sort of, as I said, integrated into our tariffs, it'll be implemented in rates, we wanted to go through line by line and provide a fresher update. So that's what's going on.
Maria Rigatti: Okay. So, Julien, I think that actually if you think about what happened in 2023, where we managed the variability that we saw in the business and came out at $4.76, which is above the midpoint of our guidance range, we always have things that we're managing in the business, and we would do that to the extent that we needed to relative to the cost of capital. But I want to just re-emphasize. The cost of capital mechanism triggered because of the interest rate environment we're in. Like, I'll reflect again that the energy division did disposition our advice letter and indicated that the change would be implemented. They went through and responded to all of the intervener commentary around sort of interveners perspectives on why they think it shouldn't be implemented and they did a very thorough job of responding to each point. It does now have to be resolved through the CPUC writ large but none of the facts have changed and we continue to move forward with it and again it's in our tariff sheets and it will be implemented in our next rate change.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. And I think I just want to reiterate that $0.37, it's part of our rate base in each year. So if you do the rate based math, the way you've always done it, you'll capture that true-up and the ongoing impact of that. So I just want to make sure I say that one more time to clarify for folks. In terms of the ongoing through 2028 trajectory, I'm going to take it back again to rate based math. Earnings here are driven by rate based. And we see that growth trajectory all the way through 2028. We've given you the range, we've given you the numbers that relate to the request. We've given you some sensitivities around what the moving pieces are. But fundamentally, the wildfire claims debt expense has stabilized, right, because now we're getting to the tail end of all of that. So that's stabilized. It doesn't create that not in the beginning, but in at the end sort of dynamic we had in 2021 through 2025. And as we've said before, O&M efficiencies are not a driver for ‘25 through ‘28.
