Theodore F. Craver: I think what I was trying to do in the script is give you a sense of those kind of major events, all of which seem to kind of line up over the next, roughly speaking, 6 to 12 months. So for instance on the liquidity side, we've got a revolver that's coming due and obviously we're getting closer to the 2013 maturity of the $500 million. Secondly, we've got Homer City decisions that need to be made in order to comply with the upcoming CSAPR rules, particularly the retrofit decision there. So we're actively out seeking third-party financing for those retrofits. We've got important decisions on retrofits to make with Midwest Gen that are really pretty much in that same kind of general timeframe. So again, I won't repeat it all, but just ticking through it, I think you can see some of the major decisions are lining up such that we really need to make those decisions in the next 6 to 12 months. I think that will pretty definitive as to what the overall earnings and liquidity picture looks like for EMG.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, certainly. I mean, always that potential exists. I think the main thing we're trying to signal here is a number of external factors will clarify over the next half a year to a year. We'll end up making some important decisions as a result of that on retrofits and the like. All of those things will, I think, provide us, as well as investors of a lot better clarity on really how the option value looks for EMG. I don't want to speculate too much beyond that but I think we'll have much greater clarity around what that picture looks like.
Theodore F. Craver: I think what I want to do is pass that over to Ron Litzinger to give you a little bit of an update on that.
Theodore F. Craver: We're continuing construction on the segments that are not impacted by some other recent events. We are trying to hold our construction schedule so that the deliverability of the renewable generators out there can be met, and I believe the PUC is sensitive to those schedule requirements as well.
Theodore F. Craver: Steve, I'll put us both out of our misery here. I think as difficult as your question is to phrase, I have the same difficulty given the sensitivities answering it. I think the fundamental point is that, and we've said this to investors before, going back -- well, it's getting close to, I guess we started the process a couple of years ago, we analyzed what you would -- I think everyone would consider the basic generic options for EMG, selling it, some version of spinning it off, restructuring and continuing, as we termed it, continuing to work the issues, hold the assets and work the issues. At that time, we didn't see a heck of a lot of value in the first 3 options beyond what the tax shield is. So that left us looking at the potential for realizing significant value by continuing to hold the assets and working through the issues. It looked pretty asymmetric to us and I alluded to that in the script that we're -- we were -- we saw some pretty significant potential there, a wide variation between the downside cases and the upside cases but the downside cases didn't really -- weren't really that relevant from the EIX perspective. So that encouraged us to continue to hold the assets and work the issues. If at the end of all of that, to go to your point, we don't see a lot of value or issues crop up that make some of those more downside cases the reality, then I think it just puts us back to where we were at the beginning. So I think from our perspective, this was a prize worth working for and we still believe that there are some significant value in EMG. It would be nice if we could get a little help on the commodity price side but that's one of the things that's out of our control. By the same token, there have been some things that have helped on the capacity value side. So we're just going to continue to work through it. I think things are going to clarify quite a bit more in the next half a year to a year. And I think that's going to really be definitive for us and we'll be able to discuss that pretty openly with investors once we have that information.
W. James Scilacci: This is Jim Scilacci. I'll start it and pass it over to Ron or Linda for further clarification or enhancement. Whatever the Commission decision ultimately provides the utility, we will set our spending in both capital and O&M to meet what the Commission has authorized. That is just a basic fundamental view that we have. So if they cut deeply in areas, then we'll need to adjust our spending accordingly so we can have a reasonable opportunity to earn our authorized return on common equity. Now we've done this historically. We go back and many of us in the room have been through many GRCs, and this is the normal reaction to any kind of decision you get. You will adjust your spending and you will adjust what goes on in the organization to reflect that. And I'll stop there and look over at Ron or Linda to see if they have anything else to add. They're shaking their heads.
W. James Scilacci: Jonathan, that’s something we'll have to talk about with the Board, but I think the modest annual increases is still our preferred course. Because even though we're coming off a peak, we've gone up very rapidly and we'll need to adjust accordingly. Our goal ultimately because our payout is obviously going down. And we'd like to adjust over some period of time back up to a more normal payout ratio, somewhere between the 45% and 55% target payout ratio that we've talked to you about. And maybe depending upon what happens with our GRC, what happens with tax policy and whatnot, but we will ultimately move to a higher growth rate. But in the near future, I think we're going to stay with the more modest increases.
W. James Scilacci: It's a possibility, Ali. But I think what's going to happen here, if we were by ourselves, if it was just Southern California Edison, it might be feasible but we'd have to include the way it works here in California. It's a joint proceeding with the Semper companies and PG&E. And so we'd have to all get together and decide if we wanted to do something. And I think that's a possibility and I think the other utilities have liked the trigger mechanism that's been designed. So we have to look to maybe potentially retain that structure. But I would anticipate you should probably plan on a decision in late -- in the fourth quarter of 2012, realistically.
W. James Scilacci: Well, I think it's important to look at ultimately the EBITDA generation capability for the company. And really from the capacity values and the forward curves, we're going to struggle for the next couple of years. It's just the math, and you can do the mathematics on the open position and where prices are right now. So beyond that, as we flip to an assumption of rising capacity values and then tightening of the marketplace and we would come out of the trough and work our way ahead. Now it's anyone's guess if that ultimately turns out the way the 4 curves and our view of capacity values actually go that direction. We believe that's going to be case. And then we'll get back to where we'd like to see the business. But it's going to take a couple years.
W. James Scilacci: This is Jim. I'll start out and leave it for Linda or Ron to fill in. Just a point of clarification. In my script, we said 10.85 was the FERC return on common equity. Initially, we revised that to 11.1 and it really has to do with the mix of projects that have incentives within the rate base. So as we build more to Tehachapi, which has a higher level of incentives, the weight -- the weighted average gets you closer to 11.1. But you're correct, the FERC did establish the base ROE and with incentives, you're getting up to these higher levels. So clearly, they're reflecting the lower interest rate environment in the overall returns. And potentially, we’ll have to go through the discussions with the Commission. Historically, they've recognized with our large capital programs and the impact of debt equivalents on our balance sheet from all the PPAs we have entered into over the years and continuing to enter into, there is impacts beyond what the metrics without the debt equivalent standalone would indicate. And I don't have any great insight. With low interest rates, there will be obviously pressure on the return on common equity, but ultimately, it's going to be dependent upon where we are at the end of the year.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. And we would -- we've engaged a financial advisor to help us in that process and we're in the midst of it. And we don't have anything to add because we're right in the middle of it right now.
W. James Scilacci: Well, again our goal is to move as quickly as possible here because working backwards from the 2014 timeframe when we want to be able to comply with Phase 2 of CSAPR, so you have to have the equipment installed, the 2 FGDs early in 2014. And just working back from the construction schedule that, that would imply, we're going to need to move this along quickly. And in the second phase then, look to finance the $300 million of additional leasehold bonds swaps to fully finance the scrubber construction and so all of this has got to be done on an accelerated basis. So we're moving as quickly as possible. And so Homer City is a separate registrant and if there's material news there, we may have to do something separately for Homer City. So I can't tell you exactly when all this is going to unfold.
W. James Scilacci: Terran, we've got over 1,000 megawatts that we have not financed. Some of those are merchant projects, so there's 240 megawatts for our Big Sky project. Goat Mountain's 120 megawatts and there's another smaller project. And potentially, there you could finance that, but traditionally, that's been a tough thing to do without a PPA. So that if you take those out, the balance are obviously contracted and there are different stages in the first 10 years of their PTCs. So there's some amount. It will depend upon the robustness of the market. I can't give you a number off the top of my head here if you were to ask me to give you one but there's potential. And our job here is to look to see if we can finance the maximum extent possible or find PPAs for those merchant projects and then flip them into potential project financings. So that's the order of march here.
W. James Scilacci: It is certainly an option and we're considering it for a group of projects right now. But those tax equity, we have not done one as of yet. We’ve only utilized – since we’ve been untaxable historically, utilized the BTC at EIX. So we are looking at that now and we'll have to see how viable it is as we go down the road.
W. James Scilacci: What we do, just for clarification, we go back and give you a rate-based model. And that includes just simply the -- our rate base x our authorized return on common equity x the 48% common equity ratio. And what we've said that there are CWIP earnings, but there are portions of our business that we don't get cost recovery for. So if you make corporate contributions, there are certain executive benefits, our short-term incentive programs aren't fully funded. So it tends -- we like to say that those benefits from CWIP are offset by those that we don't get cost recovery for. So we'd just guide you back to the simple rate base methodology.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Jim, that's right. The only thing I would add is that we'd also expect to be looking at much smaller volumes for trona than we would for coal.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Sure. Well, Midwest Gen, as I think we've disclosed prior -- we don't see a major impact from the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule. And we believe that the current plans for operations in Midwest Gen are compatible with that rule. You saw on, or you'll see in the disclosures from this morning, there was a write-up there on the impacts at Homer City and for the Phase 1, the 2012-2013 period, as you probably know, the current rule leaves Homer City fairly short in terms of allowances and the allocation is round numbers, around 26,000 tons of SO2 allowances compared to 113,000 tons of historical emissions in 2010. And so Homer City right now is going through the process of -- a 2 tracks. One is Homer City has made legal filings looking for a motion for a stay on the Phase 1 phase of the CSAPR Rule. And then in addition, to the extent that, that rule is in place, once January 1, 2012, rolls in, Homer City is looking at a number of options for how they would have to modify its operations or reach out to purchase allowances in the market. A lot of variables are at play here that really won't become clear until January 1, 2012, including what -- at what price are allowances available in the market and to what extent are they available, where are power prices and what's the – how do power prices respond to those allowance -- SO2 allowance prices, and then we'll be looking at options -- are looking at options on Homer City including are there differences in how the project gets dispatched or how it handles its fuel.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Let me just answer it by saying that we have looked at a whole range of options in terms of compliance coal without giving a lot of details since I don't think we've disclosed legal specifics, you get into questions about availability and price and sale. That's all that's getting factored into the equation. But we have looked at other options that include different types of options that include how you treat or manage the coal that you do have and continuing to pursue changes. But I think if some of those could require permit changes and so that also would factor into the equation.
Pedro J. Pizarro: We said it depends on the mix but we said for 2012, the return would be at 11.1%. And that's going to go up or down depending upon the mix of actual construction expenditure that we end up incurring.
Pedro J. Pizarro: I can't tell you right now. We haven't put anything out there in the public domain. It's going to be in the general ballpark. And it has a small impact, Ivana, because when you look of the total rate base, FERC is 15% of our total rate base, so it's going to be small impacts if it's changing 5 or 10 basis points.
