William Scilacci: Good question. Generally, when we talk with investors, its our goal to target somewhere between 3% and 5% annual increases in the total bill. So you have to take -- you got different pieces, you got fuel and purchase power, base rates, transmission and the like. But 3% to 5% is the internal objective that we try to target. Now, for 2014, I am not sure exactly where that comes in, maybe slightly higher, but we will be working that as we go through the regulatory process.
William Scilacci: I think the key thing, Dan, is where do you put the scoping memo to come out, and based on Ted's comments, we anticipate that somewhere before the end of the first quarter, maybe slightly later, we should see something from the Commission and that will be really a good indicator of what's the timeframe for all this to be.
William Scilacci: Michael, [indiscernible] go back, that was the old Devers DPV2 line, Arizona portion. So it has come back as an economic line.
William Scilacci: I think clearly if the commission came out and allowed some portion of SONGS to be considered useful and actually receive the return on common equity as the important piece, and for that matter, because we have excluded $0.07, you can see in the guidance for 2014 for debt and preferred stock, surely we would go ahead and adjust guidance for that purpose.
William Scilacci: Its more complicated on that answer. So let's separate fuel and purchase power out from base rates and decommissioning. That's why this thing has gotten so confusing. Its hard to track each piece. So you may know, we are continuing to collect end rates at the whole authorized base rates for SONGS, as if we are continuing to operate, and we are not recognizing earnings, [indiscernible] the depreciation, and so, we are collecting all those dollars, waiting for an ultimate determination, as part of the rate making process through the investigation of the OII. So these are all separate buckets, and frankly, I think it was yesterday or the day before, we sent a letter to the commission to say, that you have all these different proceedings going on simultaneously. Here is our roadmap, how we want all these things to come together, so you can determine what the rate adjustments need to be; because you are over collected in some areas, under collected in others. You also have decommissioning that's going on separately. They haven't authorized us to tap into the decommissioning trust. But in theory, since June 6, we have been decommissioning San Onofre. So the dollars that need to come in and in our disclosures, whenever we have a chance to look at them, there is at least a couple of hundred million dollars of decommissioning funds for 2013 alone, and then we are going to look to 2014 for additional dollars, that need to be taken into consideration. So the net-net-net of all this has to be worked out, and its going to take us some time to get there.
William Scilacci: So Jonathan, I think you should take from us that, once we finish that detailed review, we will come out with a new time frame, a new dollar amount. We expect the contributions would be depleted going forward. $423 million in total annual contributions right now are in rate recovery from the commission, and so we will be looking at that. But there is a lot of moving parts here, and the timeframe of the removal of the spent fuel, the rate of return, there is a whole bunch of issues we are looking, and there is probably eight or nine key assumptions here, escalation of costs going forward. So this number is going to change, as we go forward here, and the last time we talked about it, we had over $3 billion interest for San Onofre currently, and the cost estimate was slightly over that amount. So we were nearly fully funded, and the final cost studies will give us a better picture of where we are.
William Scilacci: It’s a good question. I think we need to back up and look at our capital spending in total. What has been happening, and you can see it through the charts, the level of distribution spending is stepping up to meet the replacement rates that we need to be at. So that's just holes in wires, underground cables, holes, so that's why that's going up. In transmission, it has been coming off, as we have been furnishing some of the large renewable lines, and we just have a little bit of legacy generation that's ongoing. So these other things we are looking at and considering, we haven't made any decisions. So there is the potential to may be add a little bit to the total level of capital expenditures, but its going to take us a little while to work through these things, the preferred resources and the storage are the first ones on the horizon that we need to decide what we want to do. On some of the storage related items, they are in the distribution system, which we feel that we are well suited for, because that's really down to the basic wires of the business that we want to control, generally going forward. So I can't give you a number, but we are certainly thinking hard about it, and we are launching that growth rate. We are trying to balance all the things here too, in terms of the ultimate level of growth, and we want to grow the dividends, so all this plays in together.
Ronald Litzinger: Okay. As we go through the course of the year, we will watch that and slide. The key things are, the decisions that need to come from the commission, which will affect in our liquidity.
Ronald Litzinger: We submitted an advice letter on our Devers-Colorado project to raise the cost cap that was approved by the commission. We now appeal. That project will come within that cost cap, and that positions us well for the ultimate cost recovery at FERC. Tehachapi, we will submit our revised costs by probably the end of this year, to reflect Chino Hills, the FAA and then cost increases that we have experienced over time; that's likely to be an application and a little lengthier process. But again, ultimate cost recovery is at FERC. The other items that has come in on our transmission projects, is the commission did approve our petition to modify and put the voltage control equipment back into the project which they had previously taken out, which from a schedule perspective, was helpful for us.
Ronald Litzinger: Yeah, from a reliability perspective, I believe the plan does include our [indiscernible], but as Jim pointed out, that's down the track, way later in the decade. The Delaney-Colorado river line was also included in the plants, since that is a economic line, that would be subject to competition and determinates in our territory, we have every intention of participating.
Ronald Litzinger: Its in the plan, just come out by the Cal-ISO, it was not incorporated into our capital spending plans yet.
Ronald Litzinger: The commission has been approving through our long term procurement plan proceeding the amount of generation that we are going to go out to bid for, both ourselves and San Diego, those numbers are all public and available. I don't remember them quite off the top of my head. They did fold into the Cal-ISOs transmission plan. So it is being coordinated in that fashion. Our procurement teams are getting ready to do that, and then we have also taking on, as Ted alluded to, the preferred resources, pilot in South Orange County, where we will put together a package of replacement options with preferred resources, such as demand response, solar, storage, and the like, and pilot our team is aggressively putting together, to fold in and that will reduce the amount of generation that we ultimately will have to buy through the market.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: Yeah, we wanted to give you a sense further -- some things that are on the, I'd say, the periphery of our capital expenditures forecast; because those are a little bit further out in time. And Ron is going to pick up the detail in what we are actually -- there is a particular project, an economic project that we are looking at right now.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: Well I kind of touched on it in my remarks. Basically AB 327 reinstated the California Public Utilities Authority to do rate design, and give them some general parameters around fixed charge, reducing the number of tiers, deciding what the grandfather in period would be to our existing distributed generation projects using that metering, that energy metering and what the new net energy metering tariff will be, few other things in there as well. But those are the main parts. So that's now going to be -- decide to give a number of proceedings before the California Public Utilities Commission. I think our general point of view was, the legislator clearly made their intentions around this clear, both the Senate and the Assembly passed the legislation with super majorities, signed by the governor. So there is pretty clear indication of what the overall direction should be. The details are going to unfold over the next few years here. I think we feel that broadly speaking, the value of that legislation in the upcoming activity by the PUS is that, it should meaningfully address what we see as subsidies, and more importantly cost shifting among sectors within the retail residential rates; and that should be, I think a net benefit for fairness for all customers. The other part that we see that's beneficial is, it's a good move towards establishing some level of fixed charge. We have large fixed costs associated with maintaining the reliability of the grid, and this just recognizes some of that. So those are kind of the broad policy points that we expect to see, implemented through AB 327 and the PUC actions related to that.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: Well it will probably be over the course of some years. It won't be all this year, but there will be some important moves, even as early as here in 2014.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: Well that's when we are going to hear from NEIL, that will be our first opportunity to hear from them, after our board meeting. So all they are really signaling there, is that's the timeframe for getting the first reaction from NEIL.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: I don't think we'd want to signal a speedy resolution here. It is just the nature of the beast that tends to be slow.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: May be I will break it into two parts. One, whether its distributed solar, or let's call it more broadly, distributed energy resources, that would include solar, include efficiency programs, include storage, all of those things. We see, actually, a significant investment that needs to be made in the distribution system here in California, to really prepare the system for integrating an increase in distributing energy resources. Jim alluded a little bit in his comments, we are clearly in the best position to do that, given our ownership of the distribution system. So that's part one, we see a pretty significant investment opportunity on that side. Its very much in-sync with public policy here in California, and very much in-sync with our own strategy. The second part is, whether we'd be able to participate in distributed energy resources, again, using a broader definition of that, might just -- things like we have rooftop solar, but broader distributed energy resources outside of the territory. At this point, we are certainly working on that. We have, what we think are some interesting beginnings in that area. I have kind of taken pains in the past to say, we are doing this kind of one step at a time, its not bet the ranch type of deal. But I think we do see some interesting opportunities there primarily be aimed at commercial and industrial customers, and would be not just in our territory, but outside.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: It could be either one, of course, our primary interest initially is, understanding what the opportunities are on a broader scale, outside of just our constraints of the 2000 square mile territory.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: This is Ted. We are definitely interested in the answer of that question as well. I think the honest answer is, its really hard to tell at this early stage. So we are -- we think it would be foolish to kind of turn a blind eye to it, and not focus on it. This is one of those things that could potentially change how the industry is structured. So its something we are involved in. We intend to remain involved in it. But the pace with which that could happen, whether really proves itself out, that's very much an open question. That's why again, we are going to take pains to make the statement. The core value proposition of the company remains very much centered on the exceptionally strong growth story that we see within Southern California Edison, particularly ensuring that the distribution system is resilient and reliable, and we see a significant investment required there to do that, and we think there are ways to continue to address the cost side of the equation, so that we don't have a big impact on rates for customers. That's the core value proposition. These other activities, they remain things that we are actively involved in, and we will continue to be actively involved in, but its really hard to predict at this early stage, what the pace will be and whether they will be meaningful, or when they will be meaningful.
Theodore (Ted) Craver Jr.: Actually we have been addressing that. I don't remember the exact numbers, but we had something in the neighborhood of 80 people within the Holding Company from senior officers to clerical folks. So it has always been a very modest sized group. With the EME difficulties, we started addressing that, and have brought that down, actually basically about in line, percentage wise with the reduction in staff that we had occurred at Southern California Edison over the last couple of years. So it has been something we have addressed. These just aren't particularly big numbers. But most of the costs there relate to financing, and stuff other than what I will call overhead costs. It’s a great question, but its actually not a particularly meaningful number. I think Jim actually mentioned, we are averaging somewhere, including financing and all the rest of the stuff, we are averaging somewhere around a penny a month, so $0.12 currently.
