Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Michelle and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. I would like to mention that we are doing this call with our executives in different locations so please bear with us if you experience any technical difficulties. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Quarter, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Michelle, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Yes. Thank you for joining us today. This concludes the conference call. Have a good rest of the day everyone and stay safe. You may now disconnect.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. To give you a few high-level thoughts, Jeremy, and as you said, it's early here. And as you know, we’ve seen the administration provides last week the start to their plan through the NDC, but lots of details to be filled in, not only by the administration, but then also ultimately by Congress, right? And so with divided Congress, I expect that Anything happens in Washington, at least on the conventional side, will have to be bipartisan, and therefore, something that both parties can work with. I think at the highest level, we -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we absolutely support the overall economy-wide direction and the 50% to 52% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. As you've seen the initial elements of the Biden plan, clean energy, electrification and transmission are all big parts of the plan. And they line up really nicely with what we've been saying is the most feasible and cheapest way for California to get there through our Pathway 2045 work. So that's really good alignment in terms of strategy, and I think it just provides long-term support for what we've been talking about for the last several years from an SCE perspective, making the investments needed to prepare the grid, to be able to manage their transition and to support customers, see electrifying building, space and water heating, electrifying transportation. And then, I think in terms of the core utility investment what that means is, I think most importantly support for the core program that we've outlined. I know that we don't provide guidance beyond the rate case cycle to date. But we have said that we expect to see this very robust spending need -- investment need for the next several years, certainly well past the rate case. And really as you look on a California-wide basis, we have estimated in Pathway 2045 that the investment need will be something like $250 billion or so across the need for clean energy resources, renewables, storage and transmission investment. The transmission part of that alone -- transmission and distribution part is around $75 billion. And I think one of the charts in the deck provided a little detail on that. So, I think its page 6 that show the $75 billion breakout for the state. So, a long way of saying we think that that's all supportive of the core investment opportunity as well as some upside opportunities to the extent of the utility and so needing to play a role in California to be on core grid investments, or for example, for added storage or for programs like our Charge Ready 2 and Charge Ready transports that we have underway right now. One final thing I'll say is that there was more press this morning on the campaign trail, President Biden has talked about getting the power sector itself on a standalone basis to zero GHG by 2035, and there's now discussion about potentially setting a target of 80% reductions from 2005 levels for the power sector by 2030. Speaking here both from an Edison perspective and from a broader industry perspective, we're all lined up to do as much as we can as fast as we can at a national level. 80% may really be stretching I think, the feasibility for the nationwide transition, just given the fact that it's nine years until ban. There's still R&D and technology that's needed to help fill the gaps and significant technology deployment that would be needed, particularly on the transmission side. It's not just the capital investment but the permitting process that can take quite a while. So, our Pathway 2045 analysis actually concluded that California would see something like a 72% decrease in greenhouse gas emissions from 2005 levels by 2030. I've seen some national analysis from EPRI and others that suggest that the national number on an aggressive pathway might still be below 70% maybe mid-60s or so. So, I think there will be a number of discussions among the industry, the administration and Congress will be on what defines what -- as much as we can do, especially if we can do. What defines the art of that? And how do we make sure that the transition is reliable, affordable and equitable for all customers across the country.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. This one maybe more brief. Very near term. we are pleased that we have AB 1054. And AB 1054 did not resolve inverse condemnation, but it created a fair framework. And so, I think that they went a long ways, and in our view significantly reduced the risk exposure for utilities across the state. In terms of changing the state's current approach on inverse itself, I think it's unlikely you'd see legislative action anytime soon because quite frankly, there's been a lot of workabilities and literature on wildfire issues already for AB 1054. They have a full agenda in helping the economy recover from the pandemic. So, I wouldn't expect that there'd be a whole lot of bandwidth for taking that up in the near-term. There is always a possibility that there could be court cases where inverse could be tested again and challenged again. Probably premature to go into details of specific court cases, but I'm aware that not only might there be some that pop up for us as we go through our case load, but other utilities also may have opportunities to challenge inverse. So, that's always a possibility out there through the court system.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. Thanks Julien and that's why I dedicated the first part of my comments to framing that. I guess I would recap one part and maybe add a little bit. The recap part is that we do see and I think all the external forecasts that we see are calling for a likely above-average fire risk peak period here. I think in terms of the mitigation I went through them in a fair amount of detail. Maybe what I would add is that to remind you that the approach we have taken over the last several years has been a risk-informed approach. So, when we went out to replace the first mile of bare wire with cover conductor it was the mile that was in one of the highest-risk areas possible, right? So, we've been going down the stack if you will by trying to address the highest-risk areas first where the mitigations would have the highest impact on risk reduction. So, every piece of work we do is reducing the risk and we've gone after the big bites early on. That I think is really helpful and constructive in terms of framing that risk profile. That risk profile continues to narrow. And that's the stuff we've been doing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks we've also seen the states dedicate just outstanding effort to improving firefighting modeling and just firefighting capabilities fire-suppression capabilities. And so that ability now that the state has that frankly it didn't have in 2017 or 2018 to fight multiple large fire simultaneously. You might recall I mentioned there are some really interesting L.A. Times articles around 2018 and the challenge that the state had in fighting the Camp Fire and the Woolsey Fire and the Hill Fire all simultaneously. Well, the other states added a lot of qualified bodies with a lot more planes and trucks and equipment to be able to deploy across multiple fronts simultaneously. And that is a significant piece of risk reduction for all of us. So, I'm not sure I can give you a disclosure-quality quantified answer. So, therefore it's x.y% lower. But I think it's a significant percent difference in terms of the overall risk profile that the state faces and that therefore we face right now.
Pedro Pizarro: Great. I'm glad you added that because for example the battery programs and deployment of batteries is something we've really increased the emphasis on appropriately.
Pedro Pizarro: Absolutely. But we will do it when we have to do it, right? Because it's an important protective tool to protect the health and safety of our communities.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. Now just on the first part of that, we're certainly seeing the risk around the moisture content. And basically all the signs that point to an above-average risk year. When you talk about capacity, again, I'm taking that multiple ways. And first and foremost, focused on the fact that, we believe, we're doing the things we need to do in our wildfire-mitigation plan to help mitigate our side of the risk. And we believe the state's doing the things they need to do, to have the fire-suppression resources ready to help control a fire, if it ignites. But I think that your question then also went more to on the rate pressure side. Maria, I know you commented some of that already, but maybe you can follow up some more.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. I think, there's probably some of midterm and some of long-term. And you've already seen over the last few years things that were near-term that materialized, right? So we're going to have our Charge Ready programs and forecast for quite a while until we got approval of those applications. But now we have over $800 million of program and of that it's probably what three plus two some -- certainly over $0.5 billion worth of CapEx coming from those Make Ready programs for light-duty and heavy-duty vehicles.  So that's an example of one where we were talking about it for a few years, went through the process, developed and designed a program and got PUC support for this. I think as you look at the near-term -- near midterm in next decade or half a decade, storage is an opportunity that could present some potential upside because for storage I think a lot of that will be done by third parties and whether it's large-scale or the BPAs or whether it's customers down the customer premise. But there may be opportunities for utility-level grid-side storage. You've seen us do already some of that. The rate case included some assumptions about a modest level.  But particularly as we see the acceleration of things like vehicle electrification that might lend itself to places where it might make sense to reinforce a substation with more storage as we did with Mira Loma where we put in 20 megawatts of batteries a few years ago. So that's kind of a near-term or call it midterm one. I think longer-term the upside is in transmission. And of course, we have per quarter 1000 with competition for transmission. We want to make sure that the utility is able to compete.  However, I'll remind you that for projects that are upgrades of existing utility on projects, the utility has the right of first refusal. And just given the scale of wires investment that we think is needed that's -- I would hypothesize handily that there will be probably some projects that are upgrades of existing lines where maybe we haven't conceived that yet. We really are going to be dependent on the California independent system operator to run through its transmission planning process and determine the transmission that's needed for renewables by 2030 and later on by 2045. So I think transmission presents another offset opportunity. Finally, coming way back down to the Bermudan very near-term, I know Maria mentioned this, but just to remind you that we have our Customer Service Replatform Project and that could be $500 million of rate base additions if approved by the commission. We just went live with that in early April. And then there could also be some additional rate base additions from the wildfire restoration work that we did in 2020 out of the Creek Fire. We haven't quantified that yet externally, but we're finalizing that analysis now. So those are much more kind of blocking-and-tackling near-term opportunities.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. Maybe we'll take a shot at that. Probably the most honest answer I can give you is that, it's really early, right? And you're going to see significant discussions between the administration and Congress over the next weeks and -- maybe even months. I think that there's -- in terms of streaming the timing a bit, I would expect that the administration will want to have a plan firmly in place and time for the Glasgow conference of the parties -- the United Nations conference of the parties in November. And so -- and if not, hopefully sooner. But the pace, the scale -- I mean you even see it in the discussions we're now on the infrastructure package that's been proposed by the President. And you're hearing $2-plus billion numbers coming from his proposal. You're hearing Republican members talking about packages that are more on the $600 million mark. So that will influence us. The relative degree of emphasis on different levers in the packages and so in the case of transmission, I think, it's generally accepted by both sides that transmission will be a key element of the equation. But how that translates into? Are the federal incentives? Frankly, from our perspective, the things that we would really like to see the federal government do more than just money is focus on the permitting process and helping on the federal side to streamline access to federal lands where we might need to have access for rights of way for new transmission lines. That alone is probably one of the biggest levers they have to accelerate this because that -- it's that piece the permitting process that adds years and years of transmission projects. It can take you a decade to build a transmission project. So -- but in any case Ryan, I'll go back to my first point that it's early in the game lots of discussions ahead. And those discussions will then guide the level of emphasis frankly not in transmission, but how deeply to go in the power sector by what time frame? How does that compare with -- how you're going deeper in other sectors? To what extent are you using market mechanisms to do that versus more sector-by-sector allocations? All of that is to be determined.
Maria Rigatti: No. I think Julien, we're going to continue to disclose every quarter, the progress that we've made. It's -- as we've mentioned before, the individual plaintiffs are not sort of like the homogeneous group that we saw in the subro claims because those are all property damage claims. So we're just going to continue to move through. We have some processes to try and make the discussions with the individual plaintiffs as streamlined as efficient as possible. So we'll do that and we'll come back to you every quarter and let you know what the progress has been.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah. I guess I would just add two things. One is that along the lines of how we communicate with our customers as well, really a focus on additional programs that could benefit them when they are deenergized, because I think that's obviously a big component of this. I think it's clear that this tool is necessary and important what can we do to help customers when we do deenergize them. And then I think the other aspect that I would just add is now that we filed our action plan, we do have the opportunity now to communicate with the commission. So I think our cadence is about every two weeks now. So it really does provide an opportunity for us to have an ongoing dialogue around what it is that SCE is doing. So I think those are all important aspects of PSPS for this year.
Maria Rigatti: Yeah. Jonathan, I would not read anything into it. It's a complicated case. It's a request that has a lot of different components like most GRCs. So I think that they're just working through the different aspects of it and putting pen to paper to get that proposed decision out.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. I think, as you mentioned we did see some lower expenses related to wildfire mitigation. That's inspections that we do. We found fewer areas that we had to remediate. But I think more broadly, there are still costs associated with mitigating this risk. We've talked before, and in fact the commission convened an on bond not too long ago to talk about affordability. And so as we do that, we continue to focus people on the necessity for the wildfire-mitigation expenditures that we and other IOUs are doing that that goes squarely to maintaining the safety of our communities. And then over the longer term, looking at what it really means to our electric grades, as we further electrify the economy, what that means for rates but then also what it means for the energy bill itself. And so I think as we think about affordability, we and the commission and other stakeholders are looking at it from different perspectives, total share of wallet that energy represents so not just the electric bill. Affordability has been defined a few different ways by the commission, things like, how many hours do you have to work at minimum wage in order to pay your electric bill. I think it's going to be an ongoing discussion. But we do know that wildfire mitigation is very important to the safety of our communities and we know that a broader electrification is important for the greenhouse gas and environmental objectives that the state has. And that's important because as we do that and we think about affordability, it's also about being equitable and having all of our communities also participate in that improvement in the environment. So I think it's going to be an ongoing discussion. The commission is rightfully focused on it and we have been focused on it as well, as Pedro mentioned, over a many year cycle trying to manage our costs. And then as we further electrify the economy allowing that to help increase affordability as well.
Maria Rigatti: So a couple of things in there. I think as you look at Page 10 and look at Page 11, some of those things are not unique. So some of the things that we talk about on Page 10, end up being securitized on Page 11. So it's probably easier, if we kind of maybe can separately go through and I'll take and tie the numbers for you. The more general response to your question is, we do have cash that we have already spent on wildfire mitigation. This will -- these securitizations and/or recoveries through rates as we continue to file the application will allow us to sort of get that cash back in the door. So some of the pressure that you've seen, often expressed through the issuance of short-term debt in the past or funded through short-term debt in the past will be alleviated. I think from a claims perspective, what we've said before is that EIX has issued equity or preferred equity in the past in order to sustain the credit metrics and the investment-grade ratings both at the utility and the holding company. And that equity issuance allows SCE to continue to debt finance the claims payments as they come due now that we're -- shortly we'll be past the insurance recovery. And so they'll be able to do that. And subject to the waiver that they have they can keep that debt outside of the capital structure. Over time -- cash is all fungible as we're putting dollars down there. That may impact the exact timing of when they do their debt financings. But over time, they'll be funding their business in accordance with their authorized capital structure.  So I think that's the general framework. I think the numbers on slides 10 and 11, there's a little bit as I said of overlap between applications. And then we translate that into securitizations on page 11 and we can go over that in more detail if you like later on.
Maria Rigatti: No. I think you covered it. There's not really anything, Ryan, that we can stay in terms of cadence or patterns or anything like that. I think the most -- the signposts that you should look for is that we'll be updating every quarter for the amount of settlements that we have reached with some -- with these individual plaintiffs. So that's really going to be the milestone.
