Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: It's a great question and words were chosen pretty carefully to indicate. At this point, we want to try to do more in the testing side, make sure that we actually think that we've got a business here that really makes sense and that is scalable. It's that last part that I think we're spending most of our time on now. Assuming it's scalable and assuming we can make those kinds of investments that would really allow us to fully capture the opportunity, to be relevant to a company our size, we've generally thought that the suite of businesses on the Edison Energy side, so not just energy services stuff I spent a lot of my comments on, but really the whole group of companies there, this probably got to be, just as a general rule of thumb, I'd say it's got to be somewhere in the 10% to be significant or meaningful to a company our size. So I think, we want to see steady progress in that direction. We want to see that these things are capable of actually scaling to that size. But assuming that things continue on in the path at least we see in these very early days, that's the type of magnitude that we would be looking for.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: I think probably the short answer is, based on what reaction we've gotten so far on the distribution resources plan, it looks like it's going to be probably more of a discussion in the 2018 to 2020 rate case. It's possible some other things will move in there. I mean, we've had some things such as the Charge Ready program and a few of these, but I think the bulk of the discussion around what those expenditures for modernizing the grid would look like. And...
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Yeah. I've not seen a ready vehicle for being able to make any significant investments in the near term. So absent that, I think most of the discussion would be in the 2018 to 2020 period with the upcoming rate case.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Yeah. In probably, as Jim likes to say, my usual way trying to be clear, but vague. I guess I would – what I'm trying to point out are a couple of things. One, just the rate base mechanism that converts into earnings suggests to us this kind of 7-ish, 7% kind of a growth opportunity that would translate through to dividends, but we're at the bottom end of the range based on the midpoint of the 2016 earnings guidance range that we just gave. Depending on where earnings actually come out depending on how we would look at moving our way through the 45% to 55%, we would kind of view that 7% as more of a floor than anything else. So that was the principal point that I was trying to insinuate in there. In terms of whether we're trying to get to a specific point in the 45% to 55%, I clearly was not trying to give a specific point that we were targeting there. 45% to 55%, we feel, has been the appropriate range, given that we have a higher than industry average rate base growth and higher than industry average earnings growth rate. These things kind of ultimately balance together, but for the foreseeable future, we think we'll have a – we'll continue to have a higher than industry average rate base in earnings growth and so the 45% to 55% seems to still be about the right range.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Hey, Ali, this is Ted. I think one piece that we have said at various points with investors is that the high-level and without getting lost too much in any specifics for one year versus another, things are in equilibrium, assuming around this 50% equity debt capital structure and around a 45% to 55% dividend payout. You're about in equilibrium when you have long-term growth in the 6% to 8% range. You start getting much higher than that, it starts getting – you need other things to help out. And in the past, when we had an extremely high growth rate, when we were in that 10% to 12% we did have a number of unusual things. That's where the global tax settlement deal really helped us out, bonus depreciation, and those types of things. Absent those, we would have really run too hot and we would have to issue equity. The other part that you mentioned, which I think is really worth of emphasizing again here, increasingly, I think the focus is to try to really hold the line on customer rates. If we look at the long-term trajectory, the history here, last 20 years, we've actually managed to keep customer rates at or below the rate of inflation, and we definitely want to at least continue that. If anything, we'd like to be able to have rates stay flat. But fundamentally, our goal is to try to keep it more around the rate of inflation or lower. If you get too hot a growth rate in here, especially given the relatively modest growth in energy consumption, you're going to really put pressure on rates. So that becomes, as much as anything else, kind of the governor on what we want to have in the way of growth. So, customer rates, equity, long-term growth rate all of that kind of boils down to you want to focus to stay somewhere in this kind of 6% to 8% range. Get much hotter than that, you're going to have issue equity or have pressure on rates.
Jim Scilacci: So, there's a couple of things going on. Bonus depreciation did not have impact in 2015 because of the items that I ticked through. There's a number of things that really offset it, the biggest piece being the proration bonus depreciation in the first year and the overlap of those that float from 2014 into 2015 that we had already accounted for. And the biggest thing here is the pole loading program. We picked up a little over $300 million of rate base from pole loading that was not included in our prior forecast that we included now based on our year-end review and that's the biggest offset for 2015. And you can see bonus growing in 2016 and 2017 as you expect. It would be at 50% and it reaches up to $700 million impact by 2017. But really what's happening in the pole loading program in a sense is offsetting the bonus depreciation and it gets up to – pole loading gets up to $700 million. And so, the only changes really going on are the small changes in and around what's happening with FERC and a little bit of the CPUC. So, we do have an increase in rate base, ultimately through 2016 and 2017, but the bonus depreciation is offset by the pole loading program. So, page 8, if you don't have it there, really kind of describes the full details of how rate base changed over this three-year period and I think it's probably the most helpful tool.
Jim Scilacci: It's a darn good question. In going through the general rate case decision, there was some confusion over how it actually operate and it came after further review in discussion that we were picking up – there was no limit to capital expenditures from the inception of the program through 2015. And the actual final decision included, really for all intention purposes, an estimate of pole loading based on some preliminary work. And because we were able to true up for actual capital expenditures, that delta fell out when we went through and reviewed it in more detail. So, as you recall, as we were going through the guidance as we got into the third quarter, I think for all intention purposes, we are so focused on repair deductions in getting all that accounting right and understanding it, that we didn't fully appreciate what was happening with pole loading, and so we picked it up as far as our fourth quarter accounting enclosure.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah. No, it's a good question. And what's happened in the last couple of year, Edison Capital, the sell down on that portfolio has been masking some of the ongoing costs that are occurring at the holding company. And for all intents and purposes, the change, I mentioned in my comments that we've guided people that the holding company cost on an annual basis taking out Edison Capital had been running at about $0.15 and that we bumped that up to $0.18. And the delta is primarily financing cost, not Edison Energy.
Jim Scilacci: We're going to grow the businesses, but we also expect earnings from the businesses, too. So that, we'll have to see how it plays out going forward, and you can see we didn't have growth year-over-year from Edison Energy and we acquired three businesses. They have ongoing earnings. So our goal ultimately would be a source of earnings not use. So we'll have to see how things develop as we move down the road here.
Jim Scilacci: You're correct. In 2017, it's the third year of the rate case cycle, the three-year rate case cycle, so you would expect us to hopefully retain some portion of that going forward. And 2018 is the general rate case, the test year. So the benefits we've derived over the prior rate case cycle flows to the customers. But again our goal would be to seek additional operational savings. There's more work to be done and we'll continue to focus on that, so we would hope to achieve some level of savings. I'm not going to predict what those might be. And the other piece here, the embedded cost of debt, we wouldn't file a general – our cost of capital proceeding would be effective and we'd litigated in 2017 for 1/1/2018 effectiveness assuming we don't extend it again. And so we would expect in 2018 that we would true up the embedded cost of debt at that time, unless we extend it again. So there is a...
Jim Scilacci: ...a number of the things that will be going up and down and we will just have to depend – our purpose here is to try to find additional savings, but a lot of it will toss back in 2018 as we reset our rates.
Jim Scilacci: It's a darn good question. We've said repeatedly that we think the capital expenditures are going to be in that $4 billion plus or $4-ish billion range for the foreseeable future and all I can give you until we file our 2018 GRC is a sense that part of the component that could push the spending higher is DRP, but this year will be important – the balance of this year gathering from the PUC, what they're thinking about the DRP we will include in our GRC an appropriate level. And there are some other things that are pluses and minuses. Ted mentioned it. I had it in my script. We've got the Charge Ready program. It's flowing through. That's on a separate track and we need to get through the Phase 1 before we can add the additional – potentially up to $300 million of capital expenditures for that program. I also said, we didn't have any storage-related expenditures in there. So, there's a number of things that are in the mix, and when you get into a GRC, you take a look at all the factors, you want to make sure that your rates are appropriate that you're not putting up – pushing out the other edge for what you can afford from an affordability perspective. So, we'll take all those things into consideration, and, of course, we're going to pass back the benefits that we've realized in the current GRC cycle, and so we will have to see how all things work out. So it's hard to predict beyond that 4-plus-ish range going forward until we actually file the GRC in September.
Jim Scilacci: Well, that's a long answer. But if I could simplify, as a company, we invest cash and it has to do with when you make ultimately payments and we have this part of the GRC, if you'd like to read all about it, there's a section in the GRC filing that's called the lead-lag study. And as a result of changes, as a result of bonus, it affected the lead-lag study and provided essentially more rate base for us. And I'm going to stop there, unless you want the gory details, which I'm going to lose my ability pretty quickly. But if you want more details, we'll be happy to take you through it after the call and we'll give you some more information.
Jim Scilacci: Well. It's a tough question. That's really a financially modeling one. And you have to take in other factors, too. You have to look at debt capacity at the utility, how much short-term debt you could use. You can look at debt capacity at the holding company and there are just factors that you're balancing accounts, how it changes your cash. As you know, now we're fairly over collected in our balancing accounts. So you have to look at all these things and then crank that through the model in terms of what you're trying to do in terms of capital expenditures and then how you're targeting rate base and then rate growth. So it's a very complicated set of factors that the important thing the management team here will do between now and September is try to get all these dials just right and as we prepare for and file our 2018 GRC. So it's not a satisfactory answer, but there is just so many components to go into it.
Jim Scilacci: Since we don't have any other numbers out there, we're just giving you the indication of $4 billion-ish is the appropriate level of capital expenditures going beyond 2017.
