Pedro Pizarro: Our initial analysis indicates that the proposed rules themselves should not have a material impact on the Midwest Gen coal fleet. And by the way, Homer City already has cooling towers. EPA have stated that it expects what are called modified traveling screens to meet impingement rules for holding and releasing fish that are impinged by intake structures. So we're updating our cost estimates for these modifications, but they are not material. We also have something called entrainment standards and those could require cooling towers. But with those, the agency has proposed some site-specific flexibility and factors to consider that we think indicate that units like ours should not be required to install cooling towers, and the factors we're considering include things such as particulate emissions from cooling towers, availability of land to build towers, cost-benefit, impact on overall water body and projected useful life of a plant. So however, Illinois is evaluating some more stringent water quality rules related to thermal discharge limit that could impact some operations.
Pedro Pizarro: I guess the only thing I would add, Jim, is that energy price, since we also watch what happens in the capacity market, and we'll get more insight as we get through the upcoming 2014, '15 capacity option.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes, I think we're all looking at the same forwards. We continue, as Jim said, to look favorably on staying open. As Ted mentioned, we're seeing a little bit of recovery since the end of year. But...
W. Scilacci: It really goes back to what we said in the year-end call. There were a number of things that occurred as part of the update process. There were dollars that were shifted. We actually dropped out some expenditures associated with the Solar Rooftop Program, and there were some timing-related issues shifted from one year to the next. And I'll stop and ask Linda Sullivan if there's any more there that we should comment on.
W. Scilacci: Well, we will actively participate in the auction. As you know, it's coming up soon. And related to that question is that there's ongoing and active discussion with the owner lessors on what equipment we're going to utilize and how we're going to finance that. We understand the time frame is relatively short. So we're thinking hard about that and doing preliminary engineering work as you would expect, so we can move along as quickly as we can.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I didn't say that. What I said was that it was the current lower interest rate environment that potentially could some put some downward pressure on return expectations if you were to get a decision now. But the critical time frame, which I'm saying is going to be next year and especially in the fourth quarter of next year, when the commissioners will be deliberating on the appropriate return on common equity.
W. Scilacci: Yes, and a critical piece of that is what's going to happen in 2012 GRC because that will set the expectation of capital spending and the timing of the transmission expenditures, which obviously flows through a lot of procedural steps and ultimately ending up at FERC. And we have no plans for equity. And as you know, the bonus depreciation this year and next has the ability to enhance our cash flow such that we just don't have any plans currently for equity.
W. Scilacci: It's a good question. That's why we highlighted it. There are a number of critical development milestones that we need to get through, and we're just not sure if we're going to be able to do all those things. So we're flagging it as a potential. And if we're going to do something, it would be before July 1 because the rules, the environmental rules change after July 1. So we're flagging it and we'll let you know as we go down the path here, what happens.
W. Scilacci: That's a tough question. They go through an annual review or they have a long-term procurement process they go through that they're in the process of right now. And so they'll determine what their total need would be. And it would come out of that process, if there's additional requirement for new generation, Michael.
W. Scilacci: Yes, on that, I don't think that -- we are certainly focused on getting insurance recoveries. We will have to discuss that with the insurers in terms of what qualifies and what doesn't. But I don't think the dollar amount here is going to be sufficient enough to really change the metrics all that much. Commodity prices, as you know, Jonathan, swamp all this. So that's the key.
W. Scilacci: What we did, in the guidance chart, you can see we shifted $25 million out of each side of the range implying that it's gone over to the Homer City side and will appear through the books there.
W. Scilacci: Yes, this was a tough issue during the quarter with the outages at Units 1 and 2 and with the lower prices. It put some real stress on this metric. And in my prepared remarks, there was a number of things that we did in order to achieve the metric. So we'll continue to watch that very carefully. We have annual rent payments that occur there. The next one is April 1 of 2012. And what helps this metric the most is recovery of power prices in continued operation of the plants.
W. Scilacci: The one thing we've mentioned specifically was the NOx expenditures dropped by $25 million. The project came in under what we anticipated, so we removed that from the capital forecast. And we shifted some expenditures. Now, part of the strategy we've been working on is trying to optimize expenditures of coal and time frame. And all these things, we continue to move these things around to make sure that we can comply with the rate requirements, but minimize costs to the extent possible. And I did mention, too, that we shifted, forward some particulate expenditures that were outside of 2013 into 2013 as we're looking at the rate levels and what was included in HAPs MACT, it required some additional expenditures in '13. So this is all live radio. We're continuing to evaluate this. And I think what's going to happen, it's going to be at the end of the year when you get a final rule, we'll re-evaluate the total figure again to see if it's appropriate given whatever ultimately is decided.
W. Scilacci: That's a tough one to get into here on the phone or even in private. Just assume that we're in discussions and we're trying to create as much leverage as we can. And then we'll announce an ultimate contract later on in the year. Sorry, can't be more helpful.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I think we've -- Ivana, this is Jim Scilacci. And we've done some testing of Trona at Homer City. And frankly what we've found, that it was not nearly as effective as we're seeing in Midwest Gen and probably the sulfur content has a lot to do with that. And so there are some limited applications with Trona and potentially at Homer City, but I think what we're going to do is ultimately the technology we're looking at for the 2 units at Homer would be to scrub those units.
W. Scilacci: Okay, what I'll do here is just I think for right now, what we'd like to say that we don't want to get into the public domain, what our actual process is going to be around the bid. It's obviously sensitive and we'll just defer that.
W. Scilacci: All I'll say is we've added slightly to our hedged position in 2012, you can see the Midwest Gen. What we would like to do when there are opportunities to hedge in the off-peak hours, it's really to make sure in those shoulder months that we're not avoiding or avoiding operating at a negative margin. So that's what when we'll pop in some off-peak hedges. And we traditionally have hedged more on the on-peak hours just because that's where our gross margin is located.
W. Scilacci: Yes, it's hard to answer that question. Really, what keeps us in compliance fully is the power prices. And so -- and capacity prices for that matter. And so it's one of the tools in our bag of tricks that we could utilize. But ultimately, we're going to need power prices to recover to more appropriate levels.
W. Scilacci: I don't want to get into talking about what could or should have happened. I'd just say that we did a number of things. It's fully spelled out in our disclosures, and we'll just have to see where it goes going forward.
W. Scilacci: Yes, again, I'm going to stick to our disclosures in terms of what we've said there and not get into discussion about capacity or what other options we might have. So I'm limited to what I can say, Brian.
W. Scilacci: No, we haven't said publicly what the impact is in all years from bonus depreciation. What we've said was that we'll likely be in a NOL position on a federal basis in 2011. And it depends on what happens in 2012 if we will be there. It's a possibility. So I really can't answer your question at this point in time what might happen with EME.
W. Scilacci: Yes, I don't want to get into the exact numbers here, Terran. We've said that the insurance is what I would consider not to be material.
W. Scilacci: What we're doing at Homer City, we're continuing to work on the piping situation there that was troublesome for both units. And I don't have a fixed date in terms of when we expect that will come back. And we'll just -- when we finish all the work, we'll ultimately get it back online and unfortunately, I just can't give you a date.
W. Scilacci: It does not affect capacity payments in any way. It's just the transfer right that Homer City utilizes to send power to either PJM or the New York ISO.
W. Scilacci: It really had to do with particulate removal. So we haven't been specific what technology is shifting. So we're just vaguely saying that it's particulate removal.
W. Scilacci: I think just a rule of thumb, we'll probably look for a project financing of about 75% of the project, and then the balance then would be equity.
W. Scilacci: The equity would probably be front-end loaded. Normally, it would go in first and would draw on your project financing. The bank line and the 13s are tied together. And I don't really have anything to provide you an additional update. We're working and focused on those. We understand next year they're coming due. And so we need to resolve the 2 issues together. And we don't have an answer at this point in time.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Hugh, what we did was we trued it up to our General Rate Case filing. We adjusted it downward for the Solar Rooftop filing, as well as the bonus depreciation.
Linda Sullivan: The true-up to the CPUC General Rate Case filing, as well as moving the timing of some issues around.
Linda Sullivan: We ended up putting into our rate case filing -- our ratio to rate base is what we've included in our rate base filing so that's the full request.
Theodore Craver: Yes, the quote was challenging and comparatively expensive, and I think that is how we view the 33% renewables. There aren't other states that have gotten to this aspirational level. I think the other element is a lot of things have to come together and work together in order to achieve the 33%. I highlighted one of those policy responses, which was the once-through cooling. If we end up taking out a number of megawatts of gas fired generation, it makes the integration of a much higher renewables level all the more difficult. And that's the part that we really need to make sure that policymakers and the public fully understand is, this is an integrated engineered system. It's not simply a one-dimensional system, and we need to be able to ensure the reliability of the grid. And that's going to be a fairly complex undertaking. That's the challenging part. If you were taking out fossil-fired generation and replacing it with renewables generation, at least the current technologies, then that is more expensive. So that's the comparatively expensive part. The final point I guess I would make here is we see the transmission as being one of the key bottlenecks at this point to actually delivering the higher level of renewables to where the load is. And since we believe we are uniquely positioned to design and build transmission and very importantly, get it permitted so that you can build it, that's really where our focus point is. So there are plenty of people that can do the renewables development, the actual generation projects and we feel that's a pretty robust competitive market. That's how we really get the best prices for our customers, is to have good solid competition and there are plenty of people who are interested in doing that. It's the transmission that's the more cumbersome and difficult bottleneck, and that's where we're uniquely positioned to add value.
Theodore Craver: This is Ted. It was part of the overall discussion in the legislative sessions. This has been going on for 3 years or so. And so I think it's understood that at least amongst the policymakers, it's understood that there's going to be additional costs associated with this conversion. The PUC, a couple of years back, commissioned a study that suggested to get to 33% was going to cost, if I remember the number right, around $112 billion, which included both transmission and generation. So I think it's understood that it's a comparatively, I'll use the same phrase, comparatively expensive proposition to get there. Beyond that, I don't think anyone has tried to specifically cover all of the elements, in part because we're talking about something that's going to take us out to 2020. So that hasn't really been baked into the rate cases that ultimately will be required to get us there. But I think they generally know it's going to be comparatively expensive.
Theodore Craver: I'll just give a couple of general comments. I think we looked at this very hard over many, many months and looked, as you know, at all of the alternatives that we had for Edison Mission Group. After that review, we concluded that the best course of action for shareholder value was to continue to hold EMG and work the issues as aggressively as we can. In this business, of course, so much rises and falls on what happens with commodity prices. We believe it's still a cyclical commodity market and that we will experience some level of recovery but of course, nobody can guarantee that element. But there are a host of other issues that we can work and that we are continuing to work. And so far, I would say, those issues have been moving in the right direction from our perspective. And we've gotten a little improvement on commodity prices both on the coal and the power side, which helped things at this point. But again, it's cyclical and those things go up and down. So net-net, I'd say we feel every bit as much conviction to continuing to work the issues as aggressively as we can, focus on those things that we can control and try to manage this as effectively and as deftly as we can.
