Maria Rigatti: Sure. So Julien, I think we really think about it as this is a total need for 2019. So that includes, both the Q1 items that you just remarked on, equity layer, investment utility as well as the contribution to the wildfire fund. We're going to use the ATM opportunistically. I think we talked about that earlier in the year. That continues to be the case. I think the comment you make around the ability to exclude the amounts from the authorized capital structure, we are obviously, contributing some equity down into SCE and they will issue some operating companies debt. So that does take advantage of that element of the legislation. But overall, the mix of equity and debt that we talked about really reflects our philosophy around financing the business and the balanced way, in which we are approaching at.
Maria Rigatti: So thanks, Praful. This is Maria's. So we talked about -- I think a little bit about this in Q1 obviously, with all the events that happened in Q2 it's probably a little bit more to digest. But the -- our plan was to watch the cost of capital proceeding as it goes through the process over the course of the year. Since Q1, there's been -- there have been some developments in terms of issuing a scoping memo, setting a schedule, et cetera. Obviously, Pedro mentioned earlier that we would also be thinking about the interplay between AB 1054 and our ROE request as well. So things are moving along, and we developed the plan to use the ATM to reflect the fact that we would watch that evolve over time. We continue to believe that we're going to use the ATM opportunistically to address that need as well as we're going to be looking at all the tools and the timing frankly and options to fund the initial contribution to the wildfire fund. So that's, generally speaking, the philosophy.
Maria Rigatti: So I mean, I don't know what's in your model but the earnings would then reflect 52%, not 48%, which we have currently. So each year, we go in to the CPUC and we file the revenue requirements for the year. So it's the -- if 2020 and includes a 52% equity layer, we would update the revenue requirement for at that beginning of the year, same thing for '21, et cetera.
Maria Rigatti: So in response to your first question, Ali. The $1.5 billion relates to the equity layer request that we have into the CPUC. We've indicated sort of a 50-50 structure against the $2.4 billion contribution to wildfire fund, so that would be $1.2 billion. So yes, that's $2.7 billion. So it's confirming your math there. In terms of the rating agencies. We have an ongoing dialogue with them throughout the course of the year obviously, lots of dialogue around AB 1054. I'm pretty sure they've talked to --I spoked on the phone as well. And they've remarked across the board, including in their published reports, about AB 1054. All the credit supported aspects that the wildfire insurance funds incorporates, the liquidity benefits, the cap, the standards for reasonable conducts. So I think that's been a very -- they've come out very strongly in favor of that. Now we've just elected to contribute to the wildfire fund. So that was one of the things that they've been looking for. They've also been looking for a safety certification. Obviously, and Pedro just mentioned, that we got our safety certification today. So we think that, that -- all of that is the very supportive. And we believe now that we have all these things in place, that the third leg of the school is the -- stool, rather, is the financing plan. And we believe that our financing plan aligns with the rating agency's published guidance around maintaining our financial risk profile.
Maria Rigatti: Steve, it's Maria. We obviously are watching the market. We want efficient execution. We're evaluating all the timing issues that you just raised. But that's what we're doing right now. We're evaluating it.
Maria Rigatti: No. Paul, this is Maria. I think it's about the more as -- we do think that having investment-grade -- that's a processes we've just gone through over the past year or two, obviously, we have a strong commitment to investment-grade ratings at both SCE and EIX. We're still working through a process with the rating agencies in terms of how they will think about and sort of reposition California from a strength of the regulatory construct, et cetera. So as we move through that, I think that -- keep in mind or you can understand it we'll be targeting those investment-grade ratings. I think the metrics themselves are important, but equally important is how California looks to the rating agencies on a go-forward basis. So that meets the metric itself, I think, will be less specific about that and we'll just be focused on keeping that investment-grade rating solid.
Maria Rigatti: Maybe think about it in a couple of three different ways, First, there isn't a lot of the variables that would need to be taken into consideration. So post-2019, you're referring to the wildfire liabilities. But we're going to be filing our 2021 GRC. There is the issue around the securitization for the wildfire mitigation-related spending. That's in the AB 1054. We have other applications pending in front of the commission that also require capital. So there's a lot of things to take into the mix or into consideration in addition to the liabilities. The first part of the liability is presumably get covered by insurance as a starting point in any event. So there is a lot of timing in there, there is a lot of different variables. Recall also that when we requested our capital waiver, we asked for some relief around, including the charges and the financing for those potential liabilities in our capital structure. So there's a lot of different things that we're going to have to weigh and consider before we make a final determination as to how we finance that part of the go-forward plan.
Maria Rigatti: The 2019 plan is only laid out. I think and as I just noted, there are a lot of variables as you move past this year. And we're going to have to consider all of those variables. We're going to have to consider the timing that Pedro just noted, not just on the potential liabilities but in all of the decisions that I just referred to. So I think that, that is sort of a go-forward planning element that we'll share with you with we have more information. We will continue to focus on our investment-grade rating. So that's the other piece of the mix in terms of the decision-making process.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So the 2017 claims or wildfires are covered in SB 901. And there, in 2017, you can securitize the benefit of the customer if there are amounts that have been disallowed, but they are viewed as being -- would undermining the utilities financial stability. The commission has gone through a proceeding to define how that would work and what the -- how you would calculate the piece that would be basically too much for the utility to bear. That calculation, I would say, is one that's probably not an example of perfect clarity, but it's also something that I don't -- I think at the end of the day, we put it on to define particularly useful. You may recall that we said it before that we did not -- in really necessarily be in a position to take advantage of that 2017 provision. I don't really see securitization as a big opportunity for the '17 amount. The amount of wildfire mitigation-related spending that we have to basically implement without a return. So our portion of the $5 billion that's in AB 1054, that is something that is able to be securitized.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So 6 of 12 months frankly, Michael, is a fairly short time frame. So we're not sure of it that just will be necessarily added even the next 6 to 12 months. So what's not in the rate base forecast right now is, we haven't included the wildfire mitigation-related to spending that we've been identified for '19 and '20. That's -- it's in our CapEx forecast, but not in our rate base forecast. That is going to be essentially subject to that AB 1054 provision we have to work with the commission to figure out how to implement that alongside our GS&RP and wildfire mitigation plan. But for clarification, it's not in our rate base numbers. We also have a Charge Ready 2 application pending in front of the commission. We're thinking we're going to get a decision on that later this year. It's about $560 million of capital or thereabout. But remember, that rolls out over a number of years, so of the impact on rate base, even if we're spending CapEx, the impact on rate base over the next couple of years probably pretty moderate. Longer term, we're looking at energy storage. At some point, CAISO will develop a plan to bring -- that meet the new -- the higher renewable portfolio standards and we have an opportunity potentially to participate in that mix. But those are not 6 to 12 months issues. Those are longer-term issues.
Maria Rigatti: Well, thus far, they have been very diligent about holding to their schedule. Comments are due from interveners and from the utilities on August 1. And then they have a schedule on scoping manual and schedule that has the decision coming out before year-end.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So the way the legislation is drafted is that it would basically be a securitization, so dedicated rate components that would allow us to recover the return of our capital, but then the return on the debt, which would be presumably lower cost. So it's structured in a way to be minimize the cost to the customer. So yes, that would be neutral. We are -- we need to work with the commission to determine when those pieces would fall into place so they wouldn't -- essentially, we could be implementing program before the securitization actually took -- was issued -- that was actually issued. So we have to figure out with the commission how it will implement it. But in sort of a like big picture kind of response would be, it's basically designed to be neutral to us.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So we're still evaluating the accounting for it, Greg, to be quite honest. It could be a charge but -- and certainly wouldn't be more than the amount of the a contribution. But we're actually frankly still working through that in determining how we would account for that. That's the first question. So that's a GAAP kind of response. Second part of your question is, yes, there could be a charge for GAAP purposes, but under the legislation, we would not have to take that hit in our regulatory accounting.
Maria Rigatti: I think we understand the importance of the dividends to our shareholders, no question. Obviously, from prior quarter when dividend question was captioned in slightly different way or from a different angle. We don't get ahead of our Board on those issues. But our policy has been to grow the dividend. We'll continue to manage over the longer term to that 45%, 55% payout ratio range. But we understand the importance to our investors.
Pedro Pizarro: And Ali, if I could just follow on with Maria here. As we developed that plan that Maria emphasized, the fact that it is a balanced plan, it's one that we think will preserve our financial health. And it's one that frankly we want to make sure that overtime continue to build the strength of the balance sheet and have a good shock absorber built into that. So as folks have been developing their models, we see reports, and maybe, some folks might have thought perhaps it is more or less that, et cetera. We wanted to take a balanced approach that allows us to build that strength and preserve some ability to always have some shock absorber in the system.
Pedro Pizarro: I don't think we have substantial update '17 and '18 from Q1. Recall that at the end of '18, we took the accounting reserve for what we viewed as the low end of the estimable range of potential liabilities there. And I think as we've signaled all along, this could be a long process as we work our way through the litigation efforts in the courts. There's always, of course, a possibility of parties wanting to enter settlement discussions. We've returned to talk about that. But just reflecting the fact that as you've seen cases historically, they often end up with some attempts at that. So nothing to update at this point other than to reinforce that, we think that the reserve we took at the end of last year still make sense in terms of refining low end of the estimable range. And that will take some time to work through a complex proceedings there. There's a number of legal milestones, et cetera, from week to week or month to month, but nothing that we felt was to level of materiality for these disclosures.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. And yes, I think a number of you have heard us talk about the parallels to the energy crisis two decades ago. That also included in it's solution new legislation that setup a new framework. And then there was a period of time where the CPUC and other agencies had to go implement the law. There's a lot of building blocks or Lego blocks, however you want to think about it, that have to come together in place here. Now we need to -- we've already been, I think, encouraged by seeing positive early steps. The fact that we filed for initial annual certification, safety certification, and already obtained that from the CPUC today. That's, I think, a good marker along the way. There will be many more markers. There will be the creation of the wildfire safety division, initially inside the CPUC, and then later on being moved out to a new agency under the Natural Resources Branch of state government. There will be the creation of Wildfire Safety Board. There will be the input from those entities into future wildfire mitigation plans.  So probably keep on reciting the various terms of the legislation and things that where we will all, I think, once you see good implementation of those and good track record built. And will build, I think, the confidence that we, that investors, that customers, that communities have in how the laws being implemented. We didn't specify any specific potential future refinements, but the reality is that with any law that this is large and complex as this one -- and frankly, that was written and passed and signed by the governor with such a sense of urgency, which means that the one that moves quickly. There are often cleanups that need to be made, sometimes it can be small and sometimes it can be the less small , sometimes it's just a clarification of a construction of language, and then other times it might be -- maybe more significant things. We're not ready at this point to enumerate a list of this, but we acknowledge that it is certainly very feasible that given the complexity and time involved here, there will be some of this. I don't know if that helps you, Steve, to frame your answer to the question.
Pedro Pizarro: And I would just settle the score that just those -- the timing of the liabilities alone is a significant variable because it will depend on a court process for different cases that has only just begun.
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. So let me start trying to frame an answer here, and Maria or Adam Umanoff or others here may have thoughts to. I think for starters, the $21 billion fund is expected to cover potential liabilities that they could be much larger. At least $40 billion, $45 billion. And that's, I think, based on the history of -- and how these cases grow. You often see settlements achieve that have a discount built into them. In fact, the legislation itself, as you might recall, has essentially built in discount for segregation claims of 40%. It provides a possibility for settlements that are higher, but those who need to be essentially approved by the fund manager. So there's, I think, a clear expectation, Angie, that there's a significant discount there.  And frankly, that's part of the compact here across a lot of stakeholders and a lot of competing interest. I think the governor probably said it pretty well when he gave his first -- he goes to a conference call that he gave when the strike force reports came out. And if I recall correctly, he made a comment about everybody in California having to bear some share here in terms of dealing with this issue. So clearly, there's a piece that shareholders are now having to contribute, there's a piece of customers who are contributing and there's a piece that through the 40% that's built in there, you're seeing a discount being applied to the recoveries that the insurers would get. So I think it's a piece here for everybody. So I think that's the starting point. And in fact, the government -- the governor's office team released some projections of the durability of the fund and those 10 years out exceeded the 90% level. So that's one piece of it. I think the second piece is that the focus on durability over 10 years on an actuarial basis was rooted at least in part in the discussions that we heard on the idea of giving California and California Utilities time to continue to harden our assistance. And so the expectation is that the overall risk profile for the state, although it will never be zero, will never be zero, but that the risk profile should decrease, should improve significantly as all of us, the utilities side, continue to put in investments to harden in our infrastructure. And it's not just us. It's other measures of the state is developing and implementing around better funding for fire suppression, the focus on better standards for homes and businesses and buildings in high fire risk areas, the refinement of fire maps. Angie, all of these things are forest management, really important one, right? So this all goes to the decreasing the risk of the spark coming out, but if the spark comes out, then decreasing the risk of that spark turns into a massive wildfire of $30 billion-plus versus a maybe more contained wildfire. So I think that's the philosophy. You are right that there is not a specific replenishment mechanism in general for the fund. And I think there's a sense that there was a significant accomplishment by the governor and legislature in implementing this first phase that has feasibility that's out and hopefully, decade or so. And I'm sure the state will continue to check and adjust as it sees how that experience goes.
Pedro Pizarro: Travis, I think we mentioned in your remarks, we're still evaluating that. We had said all along that if there was a new policy established through legislation, we will look at revisiting that for potential reduction or even the elimination depending on how the risk profile changed. To be honest with you, we're still observing that quickly and evaluating that. And I believe we have a deadline coming up of August 1 for filing our comments in the cost of capital proceeding with CPUC.
