William Scilacci: We're still working through that. The plan is to have a rather comprehensive filing on May 1, and we're hoping to include some potential investment parameters in terms of scale potentially. And we're trying to figure out how ultimately to work that into our capital plans. Now, as you remember, we have a general rate case coming up in 2018. And as the way it works, we have to file for that '18 rate case next year in late '16, and we're still working through it. So we haven't made a final decision. It will certainly be included, we would think now, in '18 general rate case that we'll see at the end of next year. So I'll pause here, and look to Pedro or Maria, to see if they want to add anything more.
William Scilacci: I think the safest thing to say, until you can get a general rate case decision, after that we'll be able to figure out what's normal. Until then, we're just speculating.
William Scilacci: So, Greg, this is Jim. We'll have, Adam Umanoff, answer that question for you. Adam is our General Counsel.
William Scilacci: I think my general impression was, we already saw a little bit of a shifting that was going on with the adjustment, because there was almost $600 million that came out of the forecast period and the net was $300 million. That's the normal course that will occur. And we've got some other things in the works, as obviously the electric vehicle charging application in is processing its way through the PUC. There is some storage opportunities. And the grid of the future likely could be outside this period, the '15 through '17 period, but we're still working through that. So I think we will stay consistent with what we previously said before, that the capital expenditures are going to be in that $4 billion-ish range for the foreseeable future. And it will be probably later next year, before we can give you some additional visibility, because that's when ultimately the GRC filing will go in and that will cover '18, '19 and '20.
William Scilacci: It is. We've revised our general rate case, showing earlier in the year in the update proceeding, so that incorporate in our current numbers. And the reason why we referred to it that we see that impact later in the year is that we file our tax return in the September timeframe, and the cash flow benefit starts flowing through from that.
William Scilacci: I think I alluded to in my last statement from Greg's question, that I don't really see a change in the level of capital expenditures going forward. And so that would be consistent with our current plans to step up our dividend, in steps over time, get back to our targeted payout ratio. So I don't really see a change, Michael.
William Scilacci: Well, just the math of it, if we're staying in that $4 billion trajectory, the compound annual growth rate mathematically would slightly adjust over time downward. It's just the math. But I can't tell you how much and how we're going to fill it in, it really will depend upon how the capital expenditures workout and will be filed with the commission later next year.
William Scilacci: That's a tough one. And not that I wanted to duck the question, until we get a general rate case decision, it's really hard to say. And we had embedded in our general rate case some assumptions regarding cost savings that we voluntary passed along to the customers. And we will continue to look for additional cost savings, but we'll have to wait for general rate case decision before we really know.
William Scilacci: Well, it's hard to speculate beyond. But remember, we did the regulatory asset financing earlier in the year bringing cash in, and which has the effect of reducing the amount of short-term borrowings we might carry, which tend to reduce the AFUDC rate. And I also mentioned that the flip balance was slightly higher, so it's a combination of a higher rate and a slightly higher balance that led to the overall slightly higher AFUDC equity earnings. If it's going to continue, I just can't speculate on that now. It's going to be so variable in terms of what happens to the general rate case, what level of capital expenditures is ultimately authorized by the commission, and so forth. So I just can't speculate it at this point in time.
William Scilacci: I think primarily within the utility we see that's where the principle opportunity to invest in the distribution system resides. And that's where we see quite a bit of modernization and expansion of the distribution system taking place. So I would expect the bulk of the investment would primarily take place at SCE. At Edison Energy or on the competitive side, so whether that's Edison Transmission or some of the CNI Energy Services or some of the other areas that we're looking at, that's really opportunistic and its based on the standard parameters that we've used over the years for investment on the competitive side. If we see something that gives us a positive rate of return after considering cost of capital and risk, then we would seek to invest in those things, so long as it stays in the basic electric footprint that we have. So I think you should expect most of the capital would be dedicated to the SCE activities. Public policy makers in California are certainly keen to see the utilities facilitate. The policy objectives are moving to a low carbon economy. That requires modernizing the system and allowing it to facilitate a number of the new technologies and that's where the bulk of the effort will probably be over the next few years.
William Scilacci: I don't know, because really ultimately it depends on what the GRC decision ultimately turns out. So I think it would be dangerous to try to analyze it until we get a full decision out here.
Adam Umanoff: It's difficult to really answer that question. We really can't speculate how quickly the CPUC will move to consider what we file and reach a final decision. They certainly extended the deadline to the end of May to give them additional time to consider just this filing. We're hopeful that it will be wrapped in that timeframe, but we can't be sure.
Adam Umanoff: Again, I'm speculating, but I would suspect to see folks file additional comments based upon what we've produced.
Adam Umanoff: The proceeding that is active is the request for rehearing that's before the California Public Utility Commission. There were, as I think you know a Federal Court lawsuit brought by one of the opponents that was in District Court. It was recently dismissed by the District Court, so the action right now is before the California Public Utility Commission. Once the decision is rendered by the California Public Utility Commission, of course an opponent who might be dissatisfied with the decision can appeal to the courts. But none of that activity is currently pending.
Adam Umanoff: It's a part of the rehearing proceeding and related filings. For example, two example two days ago, the Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility filed an additional petition for modification in this docket, in the SONGS OII docket, but that along with the current request for rehearing, we would expect those all to be disposed off roughly at the same time by the California Public Utility Commission.
Theodore Craver: I'm going to give you a wholly unsatisfying answer, because my lawyers will kick me hard if I say anything other than we don't comment on M&A matters.
Theodore Craver: There is a lot of pushes and takes are going here and it really has to do with how they authorize '14. And until you really have a general rate case decision, I think what I was trying to imply earlier on my comments it's just very, very hard to compare '14 to '15 given the situation we've got now. So I will just like to say that let's just wait until we get a general rate case decision. And we'll sort through it and give you a better indication of what's the potential power, once the commission gives us a final decision.
Theodore Craver: This will be a fairly complicated answer. I would say, broadly, strategically, most definitely Edison International is in the electricity business and we look for opportunities not just in SCE's territory, but throughout. I think a lot of the changes that we see taking see place in the electric industry are in fact often occurring here in California. So there is definitely, I'll say, a general strategic leaning opportunity that comes from that. We have to be careful on some of the specifics there though. Remember, a lot of the investments that are being made in SCE are being funded by customer rates, customer payments and we always have to be extremely careful about any bleed over a specific information or assets or value from the utility to the unregulated side. All of that is captured underneath our affiliate rules, but so long as we're really careful and cognizant on that, I'd say, your broader point, if you will, the strategic learning point is a valid one and one that we are actively trying to look for other opportunities outside of California.
