W. Scilacci: Jonathan, I'll start it off and I'll pass it over to Pedro and Maria. Given right now we're trying to work through how exactly we're going to operate in 2012 and 2013, and we're trying to work up a plan and with a plan then you can go through and determine what the financial ramifications would be of that plan. And at this point in time, I don't think we have clearly in mind how we are going to operate Homer City given the new rules. We have to determine what the emissions credits might cost, how many we could actually achieve and what the approach we're going to use in terms of how we might modify the operational plans. So I'm going to stop there and look over to Pedro and Maria and see if you have anything else to add. I think it's just early in the process for us to really give you a good sense for what we're going to do.
W. Scilacci: One last thing I'll add to -- part of the discussions with the lessors would be exactly what things we need to do in order to operate efficiently for '12 and '13 and then looking forward to '14 as we go into operations with the new scrubbers.
W. Scilacci: Again, that's -- you can see the numbers in the disclosures as far as what we've actually sold and there are requirements under the agreement with PJM, so I guess where you're going, if you fail to deliver, there are penalties but you also have the ability periodically in the auctions to adjust your positions either up or down depending upon your needs.
W. Scilacci: I think the answer for both is probably around the same time. We've said previously that we would look to update on our environmental compliance costs at the end of the year once we have a final HAPs MACT rule. And that timing is coincident with our expectation for Homer City too. It's key that we work through our issues with the lessors and think about getting into construction at Homer City by the early part of next year. So it would take us 2 years to construct the facilities, that we'd be online in early 2014. So the general view, Dan, is we should be, in the fourth quarter results, we'll be updating for all the current events.
W. Scilacci: Yes, and that's what we've said in the disclosures. That's why we're doing some preliminary engineering right now in order to be in the position that we can -- if we reach agreement with the lessors and arrange for financing, then we'll be right into construction in early in 2012.
W. Scilacci: Really, what we're looking to do is we're looking to the lessor and potential third-party investors to finance the Homer City environmental upgrades [Audio Gap] we'll stop. On the renewable generation portfolio, part of Ted's comments and what we stated previously, that we have about 74 megawatts of remaining commitments for wind turbines and we are seeking third-party potential investments, equity to go beyond our existing commitments for wind turbines. So that's 2 separate financings we're looking at in order to continue our wind business and make the environmental upgrades for Homer.
W. Scilacci: I think the easiest way -- it's very, very complicated. There are extensive agreements covering -- governing the rights under Homer City and how we operate and our relationship with the lessors. I think the simplest thing I can convey to you is that it's complicated and we're just working for a consensual arrangement with the lessors in terms of how we're going to make these upgrades and how we're going to operate post-upgrades in 2014 and beyond.
W. Scilacci: I think it's a little bit of everything. I'm not going to be specific as far as tic and tac, where it might show up, but we are seeing higher prices and we've upped our hedging at EMG, you can see that from the numbers we provided. The holding company is tracking a little ahead year-to-date. SCE is tracking a little bit. So it's here and there and everywhere and we'll update when we get to the third quarter.
W. Scilacci: We just recently had that court decision. Let me just clarify it here. The return on common equity that Ted talked about in his script, it really affects things going forward in 2012 and beyond. It doesn't affect what we're doing for 2011. We just need to separate the 2. And it's a slight reduction, we're at 11.5%, we expect for 2012. And we're 10.85% based on the current numbers and the current mix of transmission spending for 2012.
W. Scilacci: Hugh, it's Jim. I think you're just at a timeframe where when we look to actually start spending on DSI, or our trona approach it's really beyond the horizon for where we're going to give guidance. Clearly there, it would add to operating costs. There are ways you can estimate it, but we haven't been public as of yet in terms of how much of that might be.
W. Scilacci: That's a tough question because it's going to be unit by unit. And it depends on the timeframe from which we're actually going to install the DSI on the various units. So obviously, if we were to upgrade Waukegan 7, and that would be one of the first, we're looking at moving ahead the Powerton Station. And then it would depend on how often coal is on the margin relative to natural gas. Those are really a whole bunch of complex numbers that I can't even begin to estimate here. But there's obviously -- we're going to have to work through that as we get through -- go forward in time and we're going to have to come up with earning guidance as we get to that point in time, but that's a couple of years out, as you know.
W. Scilacci: And I'm going to turn it over to Linda Sullivan if I screw it up. So the way we're putting it right now for 2011 and for guidance purposes, we're using the simplified approach and using our total rate base x 11.5% x the 48%. So we're not moving off of that. So that's what -- for directional purposes, that's what you should be using, Michael. It gets more complicated and we haven't given -- we haven't broken out FERC transmission pieces for 2011 so we're going to lead it with a simplified approach. For 2012, and I said in my script, our transmission rate base is about $3 billion, plus or minus. And that is the piece that would have the lower expected return, which we're estimating right now based on the mix to be about 10.85%.
W. Scilacci: Yes. Now it's going to get a lot more complicated because you're going to have different rates of return on different pieces of FERC rate base. And we're going to try and simplify this and find some way and go forward on an aggregate basis instead of trying to find that this project has an X return and Y project has a Z return. So we're going to try to keep it on an aggregate basis, but we'll have to figure out that out for the -- in the year as we give guidance for 2012 and beyond.
W. Scilacci: Yes, that's exactly the case. Now again, we're not certain we have to do that. We haven't gone through all the mechanics of how we might operate under the new rules, but what you just suggested is the way that we'd go about it. And we actually do that periodically to the extent that you may need to make fine-tuning adjustments and you'll see it periodically in our capacity charts. There'll be slight additions or deletions, depending upon how we think we're going to need to operate.
W. Scilacci: Frankly, I don't know the answer to that question, so I'm going to have to follow back with you on mechanically how that works. You would think that we would record the revenues as earned. And so if there's a change, then we would reflect it that way, but we will confirm back.
W. Scilacci: Let me just go through the litany of what we might do, so we're clear. You could change your operations, you could potentially change the way you operate the plant in terms of the fuel, so you can have higher or lower quality sulfur content. We have the ability to do that, but we're going to look at that carefully and we haven't made any decisions. Now, how the penalties are determined, I'm going to pause and look to Pedro here and see if you have anything -- if there's anything else here we should add.
W. Scilacci: Michael, you've got a good question there. Clearly, you're going to want to operate during the high-margin hours. And then how you optimize the design of your operations around that is the key and that's the math we're going through right now to try to figure that out.
W. Scilacci: At this point, I'd rather just comment, we're looking at all these options and not go into more detail because we're really working our way through the issues right now.
W. Scilacci: If you go back in the deck, it shows the numbers that we had included in our guidance for EMMT. I think the number -- I'll confirm. And I think it's $70 million to $100 million, $50 million to $100 million, we adjust it. We showed at the beginning of the year a little higher number, then we shifted to Homer City-related numbers over to Homer City. So we dropped it from $250 million to $100 million, and year-to-date. And that's on a pretax basis, just so you're clear. That is not an after-tax number. And we did show here in our disclosures where the trading business is coming out. It had actually a pretty good second quarter.
W. Scilacci: Small pieces 2012, the majority of it comes in, in 2011. The footnote should be, yes I think there's just a small piece that comes in...
W. Scilacci: No, we've been -- we've already received a number of them. There's a technical hoop you have to jump through and once you do that, it actually comes in fairly consistent.
W. Scilacci: Now this is confusing because you got so many different entities that are at play here. We've said that EIX is in an NOL position for 2010 and likely for 2011 and potentially for 2012 because you continue to have bonus depreciation in 2012. And that's going to cause a challenge for EMG to monetize tax benefits during that period. And so after you reach -- you go out of the NOL period, EMG after the utility goes out of the NOL position, then EMG then could monetize tax benefits. And we said that could take several years. So let me pause there and ask you if the question still is clear in terms of -- it's not clear right now in terms of where you want to go with it.
W. Scilacci: Our intent is to ultimately put in place a credit facility at EME in Midwest Gen. We're still working through what the amount would be. We would clearly look to reduce from the $1.1 billion we have now to something below that. And we're just going to go through the process with the banks. Obviously, the extension of the revolver beyond 2013 is linked through our process for determining what we're going to do with that maturity in 2013 mid-part. And so those are things we're working through together. And so I don't have a time line and we're -- clearly, we're focused on that and it links back to the auction value too and how we extend the running board to resolve the '13 maturity, so we extend that option value out.
W. Scilacci: I think Unit 3, given that it's already scrubbed and has an SCR, it would operate in a normal arrangement.
W. Scilacci: We haven't said yet, because obviously you're going to build the scrubber, it's really a standalone unit, and you would need to cut it in through some type of outage that you would normally take and plan for. So that's something that's down the road, it would be probably in the latter half of 2013 before the unit would go operational in '14. So, but we would plan accordingly for and schedule our overhauls to correspond with that.
W. Scilacci: Well, I think it's too -- it's premature to talk about what we may do there. We're looking at it and that's all wrapped up in discussions we'll have with our banks in terms of what we might do next.
Pedro Pizarro: Jim, I'd agree and Jonathan, the one comment I would make is that we're not only looking at reducing the level of dispatch but we're looking really at all operational options and any other things that we can do to improve the chances, the ability to comply under CSAPR. So really looking at a whole universe of things and once we have that plan in place, we can work through the implications on the financial side.
Pedro Pizarro: Again, when we sell into the PJM auctions, there's a requirement to make the capacity available. The point Jim was making was that commitment can be adjusted through the residual auctions that are held. And then PJM also has, in the worst case, if capacity that is committed doesn't show up when it is called on, there are penalty provisions called for in the PJM agreement. So there are basically multiple stages to this, first residual auctions and being able to true up positions and then through capacity non-materialized, then having the exposure to PJM penalty provisions.
Pedro Pizarro: I'd like to clarify, are you thinking about penalties that we're discussing only in terms of capacity at PJM or you're thinking about EPA penalties for the...
Pedro Pizarro: Okay. I think we are still working our way through the rule on how this will apply, as we have disclosed the allocations that we were granted for Homer City for 2012 and 2013. In the rule are just short of 26,000 tons for each of those years. If you look at our historical for 2010 emissions, that was more around 113,000 tons per year, in that ballpark. They are -- it's a very complex rule and it includes not only those allocations for plants, but it also includes limits on how many allowances that are purchased in the market can be surrendered. So there's a lot of unknown still to work through here in terms of how will other players respond in the market, what number of allowances will be available for purchase in the market, how does that compare with the state level variability limits, and how many allowances can be surrendered. So still working our way to putting all those pieces together.
Pedro Pizarro: Well, simple answer is yes, if you can imagine there would be seasonality of output and that could drive value. I should just stop there because we're still working our way through the math of what would optimum operations for Homer City look like in the face of limited allowances. So I think you're getting to the nub of the math problem and conceptual issue that we're working our way through right now.
Theodore Craver: I don't think anything is inevitable. I think the key here and we're becoming more active in this, is to explain to policymakers and to the public that the effect of such a dramatic increase in policy -- public-policy mandates ends up driving up costs and if electricity demand isn't keeping pace with those costs, the natural outcome is higher customer rates. So it's a pretty simple equation but you kind of have to put all the pieces together in order to see it clearly. So this is what we've been talking to the commission about, it's what we've been taking to public policymakers, elected officials and the public.
Theodore Craver: I think it's also important to note, and we've stressed it before, Homer City is nonrecourse within the EMG complex.
Theodore Craver: Again, I'd say it's nonrecourse. So if we don't have the capital resources to do it, then we would not go forward with it on our nickel. The lessor has a choice to make as to what they would do and as we've said, we're really working on this as we're working with the lessors to find third-party financing for the retrofits.
Theodore Craver: Ali, this is Ted. I'm not the most patient person, but I think generally speaking, so long as we see and believe that there is option value, we'll continue to work aggressively for that. Clearly, we'd like to see it develop sooner than later. We'd like to see it reflected in the stock price sooner than later. And I think that's mostly about picking off the uncertainties and being able to show investors more clearly where that equity value is that we see. So that's what all of the efforts are focused on, trying to accelerate the clarity and make that visible to investors.
Theodore Craver: I appreciate your interest in trying to pin me down to a specific time, but I really can't do that. I think again, it would come back to so long as we believe that there is option value there, we see how we can obtain it, then we'll continue to work hard to bring it forward. We don't have a specific timeframe in mind.
Theodore Craver: I think it's probably wisest for us to not try to speculate a lot on those pieces. I think we've tried to steer the path that we can in this discussion this morning. The Homer City piece is nonrecourse. We are seeking third-party financing. That's critical. That could either come from the lessors or it could come from third parties. And I think we've got a good constructive effort under way with the lessors to find the third-party financing. So that's the primary focus. In terms of asset sales, which is the way I interpret your question, we have a policy of not really talking about those things unless we have something specific to announce.
Theodore Craver: Well, if you expect it, we're going to have it for next year, for 2012, at 50%. So EMG would be able to take advantage of that for projects in construction for that year. Beyond 2012, given all that's going on in Washington, I think I'd be hard-pressed to believe that they extend bonus depreciation for another year. It's been a tremendous source of cash for the utility for the last several years, but those are political judgments and we'll just have to see where things in Washington go.
