Pedro J. Pizarro: Hi, there. So, starting with the charge rating piece, I think Jim and Ted had mentioned already we now have approval for the pilot phase, that's the first 1,500 chargers' worth. And as soon as we get to the pilot phase, we'll go back to the PUC with a report and have that proceeded and seek authorization to take on the balance of the up to 30,000 chargers covered by the Charge Ready program. And I think we'll have visibility into that, and in terms of the regulatory timeline for that, I think it's envisioned that the pilot might take up to 12 months, we will go to the PUC as soon as we have enough data from the pilot. And tough to forecast how long it might take the PUC to provide approval for the balance of the Charge Ready Program, but we will be going back as soon as we have pilot data. Separate from that, in terms of additional opportunities, I think in Ted's remarks he commented how it is possible that the PUC might envision a further role for us; I think, a couple directions for that. One could be that with the Charge Ready program, we've estimated those 30,000 chargers would cover about a third of the need for charging infrastructure to meet the state's objectives for electric vehicle deployment. So one potential thrust would be whether the PUC might support us going even further than the Charge Ready program. They want to – don't have any forecast or anything like that there but that is one potential direction. The other one is SB 350, there is talk about support for a broader utility role in transportation electrification and that could go beyond light-duty vehicles, that could go to other forms of transportation. Again tough to put our arms around what that could be, it will intersect with the integrated resource plan proceeding that's also called for by SB 350 that's just undergoing, scoping at the PUC now. So while we can't point precisely to a specific program or specific number side of it, I think the theme is that there is a general recognition in the state that transportation electrification, whether light-duty vehicles or heavier transport, it's going to be a big part of achieving greenhouse gas targets and it's likely there's some possibility for further utility roles there.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Sure. I think if you look at electric vehicle charging, to date, it has – we've been able to accommodate the number of vehicles that have come on the grid without any undue impact on the system. I think this is one of these items where we'd expect to have planning visibility into what the needs are as the market continues to grow. So, I don't think it's one that lends itself to a dramatic spike. I'd also point out that from a system perspective, the Californian system overall still enjoys some pretty healthy resource margins. And then – so I'd expect that certainly over the next several years should be the ability to accommodate that. And then the final point I'd make is that, as the load from electric vehicles increases, that is happening in the context still of the net load for the system, which we continue to see moving in a generally flat to even potential decline as we have other offsetting factors, increased energy efficiency, increased demand response. So, we'll have to continue to watch this from a planning perspective, as the market develops. But today we're not seeing any undue impact that would be difficult to manage. Maybe one last little coda on that is that as we get more vehicles on the system, we're going to be working with the regulators to have the right sort of signals and incentives to encourage charging when it helps from an overall system perspective. So, you guys are all pretty familiar with the concept of the duck curve, the fact that we have a lot more solar on the system today, and the ISO expects that to grow so the extent to which we can accommodate electric vehicles with current resources will be assisted by having charging align better with time periods during the day when we have more energy flowing out of solar panels.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So yeah, we've seen with interest the agreement in New York among the utilities and some of the solar parties, and read about the Arizona piece as well. Just stay at a high level here and say that we've had constructive discussions with a number of the parties on all sides here in California as well. Obviously we proceeded through the NEM portion, NEM 2.0 proceeding here earlier this year. We did file a limited application for re-hearing on the topic, don't have a timeline at this point in terms of when the PUC might consider that. But I think at the core – certainly from the utility perspective, we have a strong interest in seeing the market for solar be supported, and we're doing our part, we want to make sure that our grid is getting continuously worked on to be a more and more of a two-way plug and play grid that can support solar resources. And we've done things like work on our own internal processes to shorten the timeframe for customers who want to interconnect on to our system. Used to take us about a month to process applications; we've got that down to a day and a half now. So, we're doing a lot of things that we believe are constructive and supportive, bringing solar online. I think the NEM debate in California and other states has been more about what's the cost responsibility and the level of subsidy. And so to the extent that parties can come together, and have creative approaches towards resolving some of those differences that's great. I don't think we're there in California today, but we'll continue to engage constructively with parties, and listen to ideas.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Julien, this is Ted, maybe just one other thing to add in there is as I mentioned, this fall, the PUC is expected order the investor-owned utilities to submit proposals for investments and programs related to the transportation electrification initiative in SB 350. So I think we'll have a little bit more visibility late this year as to at least what the initial thinking is from the PUC.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: So, the point we're really trying to make is there are many levers. There is also a balancing act. So, under the many levers part of the equation, if for some reason one or more of these potential capital spends lags or we need to pull it back, there are substitute capital spending that can be pushed into its place. So I think we feel confident about the – certainly feel confident about the $4 billion and believe that there is upside. I'd say the second part is the balancing act element where – you've heard me on this a lot of times before – that if you get this thing growing too fast, you end up putting pressure first on customer rates and secondly on the ability of the underlying business to support the equity requirement of the new investment. So it's a matter of trying to get it in the sweet spot where you're getting kind of the maximum benefit from the growth but not so fast that it puts pressure on the need to issue equity or on customer rates. And that was the second kind of main point that I was trying to get across here is – as the rate base grows, earnings, cash grow along with it. We feel comfortable about being able to support a greater than $4 billion number without having to issue equity, and secondly, as we tried to spend quite a bit of time on here in the remarks, we actually have a really good track record of keeping customer rates below the rate of inflation in our service territory. And that coupled with the fact our average residential bill is considerably lower than the national average and that's what customers really see, we feel we've kind of got the cost side under control and that it will support the ability to have this expanded investment opportunity. So those are kind of all the main points that I was really trying to make.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Likely yes. Just a word on the General Rate Case and some of these other proceedings that will be going on at the same time. I think this one is going to be a little different for us in that what we put into the General Rate Case will try to anticipate, at least our best thinking on how we see some of this grid modernization activity taking place. Even though that will be in the process of being discussed coincident with the rate case filing, so that will be in the DRP proceedings. So this is going to be a little bit of – couple of things happening at the same time. We will do our best to articulate those in the General Rate Case. And there are other things, kind of the third point, there are other things above and beyond strictly what's in the DRP or what you would find in the General Rate Case, and that's what we are alluding to with some of the transportation electrification initiatives embedded in SB 350 and things of that sort. Storage and other pieces (48:54) would probably largely be outside of that. And of course, as more things develop with the transmission spending, as we look towards moving to 50% renewables and an expanded ISO, California ISO scope, there may very well be other investment opportunities embedded in that that also are not going to be in the GRC or some of these other proceedings. So, I think the general point here is there is, we feel, a robust opportunity, but of course, we want to make sure we're doing that in a good, balanced way, so, it doesn't put pressure on equity and doesn't put pressure on customer rates.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Well, I think that's kind of embedded in our stated target, which is as you know, lower than what the industry average is. So, we have a 45% to 55% payout ratio target on SCE's earnings. If I remember it right, the average utility payout ratio is somewhere between 60% and 65%, probably closer to 65%. So, and again, you've heard on me on this before, I believe given the growth prospects, the long-term growth prospects at SCE and Edison, that we probably should have a somewhat lower stated target. We're mindful of the fact that that is lower than the industry average. I've probably used the phrase so many times, you guys are sick of hearing about it. But we still believe there is good room to come forward over the next few years here with dividend increases that are above the industry average, as we move up into this 45% to 55% payout ratio. There could potentially be opportunities above that, but we'll worry about that when we get there.
Theodore F. Craver, Jr.: Yeah. It's – I mean it's fair question, but I think without trying to be wibble wobbly about it, the way we see it is we have a significant investment opportunity, we actually think it's an expanding investment opportunity. Because the rate base is expanding, which means cash production is expanding. But this, as we see it, allows us to keep the growth rate in balance with our retained earnings and existing equity so that we would not need to issue additional equity. Obviously, if the commission or somehow we're ordered to do something really dramatic, we're going to maintain our required equity ratio but I think that's such a remote risk that I feel comfortable saying it the way we've said it, that the key here is to keep the growth rate in balance with keeping customer rate increases at or below the rate of inflation. And as we've evidenced here, we've done, I think, a really great job of that, and we intend to continue to do that. And such that we don't have to issue equity and I think we can keep that balance. We've done it even when we had 12% annual rates of growth in CapEx and earnings; yet, we were able to – so pulling a lot of rabbits out of the hat, we were able to avoid any equity issuance and that was a very strong commitment that Jim and I had all through that period of time. So I feel comfortable making a statement, we'll keep it in balance.
Jim Scilacci: Hey, Julien, this is Jim. Just to finalize the point, when we file the General Rate Case later this year, we'll include in our forecast of capital expenditures an estimate of spending for electric vehicles and we are developing that now based on what we are seeing in the pilot. We'll have to come up with an estimate that covers beyond – through all the way through 2020. And we will include that as part of our normal expenditures.
Jim Scilacci: Greg, it's Jim. I think it's just meant to be a general guideline that, if you're going to spend $4 billion in capital, the way our depreciation works and roughly the way the closings work out that you get to a rough order of magnitude of the $2 billion in growth in rate base a year. And if you look back in time, rate base, it bounces around from year to year, it could be – if you have a large transmission closing or something that can make that growth be somewhat different, but as we kind of look at the numbers and look at it over a period of time, it seems to work.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah. And again, it may change a little bit as we go forward in time, because bonus will start ramping down as we get beyond the next couple of years.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah. So, John – and we've reaffirmed the annual guidance numbers. And so we're going to stick with that, and you could see some variation quarter-to-quarter, it's really hard to predict especially when you buy some new businesses and costs that float into the first quarter, but we're going to hold on to what we've indicated the – in guidance, the full year impact's going to be.
Jim Scilacci: I think that's our best plan right now from what we're seeing. And I don't have any further commentary in terms of how it's going to change quarter-to-quarter, but we think the level we indicated at the beginning of the year was appropriate.
Jim Scilacci: So, I think it was – as over time the size of the project is going up, but that's the way the agreement reads and we've assumed that they would exercise for the 50%, but that's for planning purposes, that's an option on their side.
Jim Scilacci: No. No. So, if it's $1 billion, say if it's $1 billion and a 50% then they could take up to $0.5 billion. So if it's $1.1 billion then you've got the $550 million.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah. So, they have the option. So that's why we're trying to describe the full amount. They may only take $400 million for whatever reason. But if it's a good project, you would expect them to take more.
Jim Scilacci: That's always a – great question. There is a lot of factors that affect our rates and capital expenditures, we're watching any number of items, you're watching what's happening with fuel and purchase power. I mean, we're watching our sales, obviously that's where you're getting at, I mean obviously electric vehicle charging helps others detract from it. That would be solar roof panel for potentially energy efficiency. So, we're trying to balance all those factors, and the goal is to try to keep that, the rates in or around the inflation level. And so, I think Ted's points were real clear that over longer periods of time we've had acceleration in capital expenditures and we've had lower gas prices and all these different factors over quite a long period of time, and more importantly in the shorter term, the cost focus, the reduction in costs, because O&M obviously reduces rates dollar per dollar where capital is at a smaller percentage. So we'll continue to monitor it; obviously from year to year you probably – we may exceed it or go underneath it, like this last year was 8% reduction. But over time, I think as the general trend we'd like to see it come in around that inflation level.
Jim Scilacci: Hi, Ali, it's Jim. I'll straight it out and let Maria and Pedro chime in if I miss anything. There is more work to be done. We started this journey probably four years ago, and we saw at that point in time that, especially in our staffing, our A&G areas that we were considerably above benchmarks. And as you know, we benchmark our costs every single year and we break it down in significant detail in terms of some of the studies that we participate in, and there is more to be done. And it gets harder over time, as you take care of the things that we had -as I said the overstaffing areas that we were able to reduce and we've taken care of lot of that but there is more to be done. And for example, we revised our costs in our programs for our healthcare for the employees, and that takes it – over time, it builds up the advantage of that savings and it's really a cost avoidance for customers, that will then reap that benefit over time. And there is a number of other initiatives there going on. I can't peg, what you're asking me, well, how far, you're halfway, you're a third of the way, you've got two-thirds to go, it's really hard to say, because it's really organization-by-organization that we're looking at theses and some organizations may be in the first quartile, others may be in the fourth quartile. So, you really have to break it down and look at it that way. I'll pause here and look if Pedro and Maria to add anything.
Adam S. Umanoff: Thank you, Jim. As you know, we operate under a confidentiality order issued by the International Arbitration Tribunal. What we can tell you is that we've conducted a hearing, the hearing has ended at the end of last week, April 29, and we are expecting a ruling from the tribunal by the end of this year. It's possible it could go over into early 2017, but our current expectation is by the end of this year.
Adam S. Umanoff: There is the usual post-hearing exchange of briefs and then consideration by the tribunal. We're not expecting any further testimony or any further proceedings in the hearing itself.
Adam S. Umanoff: This is Adam Umanoff. There really is no additional news we have to share, the challenges to the SONGS OII settlement remain pending at the CPUC and we are awaiting a decision.
Adam S. Umanoff: Yeah, there is no fixed timeframe for them to rule. It could happen tomorrow, it could happen in six months. We don't have any guarantees of timing.
