Jim Scilacci: I guess it's very difficult for us to speculate on something like that and if there were settlement discussions we would not normally comment on that Julien, so I will just have to if I can duck that question. Three to four years -- we've only filed for three, it makes it challenging to do a fourth unless you had some kind of special arrangement. So as much as we would like to get these things done more quickly and get online and get them approved, it would be a challenge to do something like that.
Jim Scilacci: As I said in my prepared remarks, we just don't have a view. We're waiting for a proposed decision and that's all we can say right now.
Jim Scilacci: That's what we've been indicating. We've said in fact it was in my remarks and probably in Ted's, too, that we see that 4 to 4.5 range being sustained based on all the things we're seeing now and with the DRP but, again, some of it is subject to a lot of commission approval. Obviously that they are going to go through and review this and give us some indication as far as a time frame and so that's still a lot in their court in terms of how they work through it. But our current view is somewhere in that $4 billion to $4.5 billion range.
Jim Scilacci: Hugh, it's Jim. We're going to have to Adam Umanoff, our General Counsel, provide some answers there.
Jim Scilacci: That's a good question. There's still some speculation in terms of how it actually operates. The memorandum account, as I said, was really just to preserve the opportunity to recover the revenue requirement associated with the expenditure. So you can go back and essentially attempt to justify the reasonableness of the expenditure. Then through the general rate case in 2018, we would hope to seek recovery if in fact all the conditions were met. I wouldn't expect -- I think you are trying to go for some additional earnings in the 2015 through 2017 time frame associated with it. I think it's too early to project that we would, in fact, get anything. I think it's going to be more weighted towards 2018 anyway. And if you look at the charts that show the level of expenditure for the DRP, it's heavily weighted toward 2017 anyway, if the commission will allow us to spend that kind of dough.
Jim Scilacci: Well the goal here in the May filing is really what you need to go back to, is that the misalignment between the actual expenditures and the deductions we're taking and the forecast and the reserves are creating first and second quarter, what we're trying to do is get this stuff put together and we recognized that they were misaligned. And that's why we went back in for the supplemental filing. And if they adopt that supplemental filing, obviously that would not flow to earnings. So if that's your initial question, the answer would be yes.
Jim Scilacci: So it's not in the current GRC forecast. The only way we have contemplated spending some money is if you don't spend all that is authorized, for example, if you have fewer service connections that we have forecast, that creates some delta, some room to spend additional dollars. Now what I said in my prepared remarks, if we spend all this authorized based on our forecast and we would like to make DRP expenditures above that, that's where the memorandum account comes in, why it's important. So you don't get into any retroactive ratemaking issues.
Jim Scilacci: Travis, you can see on Page 6 of the investor deck the breakout of the spending. $0.5 billion of it alone is the grid reinforcement. That's what Pedro alluded to, is taking the lower voltage circus circuits and taking up to higher voltage levels to prepare for more distributed generation. And that's just pace. How fast do you want to make those changes? That's a choice that we will have to make and the commission will have to make together.
Jim Scilacci: Okay. Paul, this is Jim. Right now, procedurally we would file in April 2016 for cost of capital effective 1/1/2017. And that's cost of capital, that would be return on common equity, capital structure and the like. That wouldn't preclude an extension like we've done before, but the current policy or the current procedural path would be filing in April.
Jim Scilacci: It's a possibility. We've deferred it once already. This is the first time -- we've done it in the past and so generally the California utilities when I have talked with my compatriots at PG&E and Sempro, we like the procedure. We like the trigger mechanism. It's transparent. You can see it, you can see what's happening with it. So there's a strong desire on our part to continue to use it. If we can get an extension that would be great. If we had to go there in litigated process, we will just have to see where interest rates are. And it seems like it's coming right back to where we started three years ago -- well now four, if we get further on here. So the mechanism has worked well, given what we're trying to do.
Adam Umanoff: Good afternoon, Hugh. As you know, there is a potential petition for a modification from before the public utility commission. We really can't give you any certainty on the timing of the commission's consideration of that petition. Motions have been filed, responses have been made. There is no specific time period under which the commission is obligated to respond. We're certainly hopeful, as Ted mentioned, that this will be resolved quickly, but we can't give you any definitive timeline for that resolution. There is a companion motion for sanctions before the public utility commission in connection with ex parte communications or allegations of improper ex parte communications. We would hope that that would be resolved concurrently if not in advance of the consideration of the petition for modification.
Adam Umanoff: Again, first and foremost, we don't believe that the existing commission precedent would support reopening of the SONGS settlement. But we certainly can't advise you with any certainty that it can't happen. If the proceeding is reopened we would return to litigation and litigation of the San Onofre OII would likely take considerable period of time. It would not happen in a matter of weeks or months.
Adam Umanoff: Sure. I would be happy to. Hello, Michael. With respect to NEIL we continue to pursue recovery of our losses from NEIL but really can't speculate as to the timing of concluding that effort. With respect to MHI, I think it's important as a preface to remind everyone that we're subject to a confidentiality order from the arbitration panel who is hearing the MHI claims.  We're not in a position to comment on any of the substantive or procedural activity in the MHI arbitration. I can tell you that we believe we're still on track for a spring 2016 hearing and I hope for resolution to that hearing and final order later in 2016.
Adam Umanoff: Generally the arbitral order is expected to be final. There are very limited grounds for appeal. It remains to be seen if a frustrated party chose to appeal where they would take that.
Adam Umanoff: Jonathan, I appreciate the question -- would love to tell you more, but in accordance with our confidentially obligations we can't comment.
Adam Umanoff: We certainly hope that the CPUC will now conclude its consideration of the application for re-hearing motion for sanctions and the petition for modification of the settlement, all by that September 27 date. But, frankly, there's no guarantee. That deadline for extension of the OII proceeding has been extended previously and it can be extended again.
Adam Umanoff: There is a hearing coming up in the middle of August directly related to ex parte governance issues at the CPUC. There have been a number of independent reports that have been prepared for the CPUC. There is a draft of the commissioner code of conduct that's been prepared and we welcome a transparent exercise considering reform to the ex parte and other governance rules of the commission. That might be worthwhile listening in on. Again, I think it's in the middle of August, so in a couple of weeks from now.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. Steve, this is Pedro Pizarro. We filed -- we and the other utilities filed our plans on July 1. From here, the commission is going to go through a traditional process to review the filings and ultimately comment and approve on them. As Jim mentioned in his comments, in addition to the element that the PUC asked for in the filing, they asked for things like an analysis of the capacity of our system to integrate distributed resources, approach that we will follow to provide transparency to the market in terms of what the capacity is and how we will update it. There was also a number of demonstration projects that we propose to do per the PUC order.  So they will plan on all of that and ultimately approve a final approach. We also asked for the memorandum account treatment that Jim mentioned. So at this point I don't think we can speculate on final timing but we would expect under a typical timeline -- this is a new process but in a typical PUC timeline we would expect approval sometime in the next year.
Pedro Pizarro: So it is a litigated proceeding so there will be opportunities for interveners to file comments and for different views to be aired at the PUC. Really too early to comment on whether there is a prospect for settlement among parties or the like.
Pedro Pizarro: Maybe what I would add Jim, is think about one of the base spending areas is that infrastructure replacement for distribution system that will continue. In the DRP filing we outlined a number of categories of DRP-related investments. I would expect that as we go through future rate case cycles that line between what's called quote-unquote new DRP spending and what's core distribution spending will start to emerge as these technologies of the future really become part of the core mainstream of core distribution system. One other piece there is that some of the DRP spending -- the grid reinforcement piece that we have outlined for both 2015, 2017 and then beyond time frames, some of that is accelerating work that might normally see as distribution infrastructure replacement. It's hardening circuits that might be some of our lower voltage circuits that need to be brought up to more modern higher voltage circuit so they can accommodate greater number of distributed resources. So that's, again, an area where we're taking investments that may have been part of a longer-term infrastructure replacement plan but because of the need to integrate distributed resources it needs to get accelerated forward in order to harden the grill and allow faster adoption of the new technology. So again that's a place where you see that line over the years ahead blurring a little bit between infrastructure replacement and the DRP bucket.
Pedro Pizarro: So you know the ISO is running their competitive process in the under FERC Order 1000. We had did with partners in the Delaney-Colorado River process. We expect that as other opportunities come up in our service area we will continue to bid on those and put out competitive proposals. I think as we go through this and, frankly, not only ourselves with the entire market continues to learn in terms of what the competitive practices are in terms of designing lines, constructing them, etc. I think we want to be part of the learning process and make sure we're making our proposals more competitive in the future. So, we're still capturing the lessons learned out of the Delaney-Colorado River experience but certainly support the process of the ISO's going through and evaluating proposals and accepting bids based on the parameters they are evaluating.
Pedro Pizarro: This is Pedro again. And I'll keep it at a pretty high level -- one of the reasons that we have the range there is that especially as we start getting out into the 2018 to 2020 time frame a lot of our view on the DRP is colored by our internal forecasting of the pace of adoption of technologies and how that pace of adoption varies across different parts of our system. For example, the capital spending forecast that we included in the DRP filing really focused on urban areas. We're assuming that rural areas would not have as quick a pace of adoption and it might happen in later years. We've taken a stab at what circuits might have a faster level of adoption versus a slower level of adoption. But I think that range in there really is coupled back to where do customers end up choosing to deploy these technologies? How quickly do they do it? And what things do we need to do to ensure that our grid is ready to plug-and-play their choices? I think that's really the range as opposed to more a determinative decision on our part to invest here or there. Some of this we're really changing the mindset here to make sure that we're supporting having a grid that's robust and that can keep pace and be ready for customer choices. But we're taking a bit of a stab at this point as to what those customer choices will be.
Pedro Pizarro: One other variable that we cited in filing is -- again, we're making forecasts based on our current view and the market's current view of technologies available. For example, communications systems. We know we will need to broaden -- expand the capabilities of our field area network. We're building these capital numbers based on the view of what those technologies will cost today, but we all know that computing communications technologies are on a very fast development curve and so the actual prices, the actual cost for those technologies can vary significantly as we head out a few years out.
Pedro Pizarro: I don't believe that the Cal ISO has published the cost estimate, their revenue requirement for that project. The goal we have at this point is a statement from the ISO that in their view the proposed cost for that Abengoa team were significantly less than those of the next competitor and I don't think the ISO has publicized to the next competitor was. So it's tough to speculate on what some of the key drivers would have been. But when you think about around cost of transmission project, key elements would include everything from the upstream design of the project, what kind of powers, what kind of conductors to rights-of-way, as you suggested, to environmental impact and mitigating those impacts depending on what route you choose to the cost of the actual construction labor you are using to build. Very difficult for us to speculate on what it would have been, but, again, we note that the ISO said that the choice was based on the lower revenue requirement and also binding caps on capital costs and as well as the return on equity.
