Maria C. Rigatti: So 49.7% is the equity capitalization ratio with the charge included, so including the effects of the $448 million after-tax write-off. If the CPUC approves the settlement as it's written, then we would be able to, for purposes of the equity capitalization ratio, ignore that charge in that event which the equity capitalization ratio would be 50%.
Maria C. Rigatti: So there are a few things that we included in our WEMA request, Julien, around not just the insurance claims, but – I'm sorry, the insurance premiums, rather, but also payments to satisfy claims. We also included legal expenses associated with all of that, also financing costs because as we are incurring additional costs, we might have additional financing expenses as well. So we had that as a sort of broad range of items that we included in the WEMA. As Pedro pointed out, obviously the reason we asked for the WEMA to be effective as of the date of application is because we do see insurance costs continuing to be robust and in excess of what we have requested in our pending GRC. So, we did think it was important for us to make that request of the timing as well.
Maria C. Rigatti: So, we're out in the market right now and that wouldn't be, I think, the best thing for us to be talking about. We still have some numbers we need to get back from carriers.
Maria C. Rigatti: So you'll see as you go through the slides that we provided that we have said again that $0.25 to $0.30 is parent company drag. We're still working EE towards a breakeven run rate by the end of 2019. That's pretty much included in that quarter as well, Jonathan.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. So the $121 million premium that we incurred last year, towards the end of last year, that's really covered in our Z Factor filing. So that's the recovery mechanism for that. The WEMA would be the recovery mechanism for insurance premiums going forward that are incremental to what's in the GRC, as well as some of those other categories that we've requested that I mentioned in response to the earlier question.
Maria C. Rigatti: So historically, insurance premiums have routinely gone through our General Rate Case process. We have a program. I think you may have heard previously, typically June to June, it's part of the process. It's one of the costs that we include when we file our General Rate Case and we recover it that way. It has not been the case that – we have seen increasing wildfire insurance costs over the years, but they have been times in such a way that they fit into our General Rate Case process. The Z-Factor filing is a process that is designed to accommodate costs that were effectively unforeseeable at the time that we filed our General Rate Case, so in this instance, a cost that was unforeseeable at the time that we filed our 2015 General Rate Case. We think it's very obvious that this cost is unforeseeable and that the impact of wildfires and climate change and increasing frequency and intensity of fires that's impacted the market and so we filed that. The process there is $10 million deductible, it's part of the FERC jurisdictional, and then the balance is requested from the CPUC. That balance was about $107 million. The WEMA application is really about – it's effectively the Wildfire Expense Memorandum Account. That account – that process is – we've asked to establish the WEMA. We've asked it to be effective as of the date that we made the application. Doing it that way and getting approval of that timeframe would then allow us to incur additional or incremental wildfire premium costs above what's in our GRC and still be able to recover them without question around retroactive rate-making. That process – the different process in the Z-Factor, the Z-Factor is an advice letter, the WEMA application is an application. We have been recording the premiums that we incurred last year because while we have some experience with the Z-Factor, we don't have anything that's exactly on point with this particular application. So no precedent in terms of using it, no precedent about wildfire insurance, and so you know that we have been recording the expense. It's been running through the P&L. We do think that we have very strong arguments in both the Z-Factor application and the WEMA application – the advise letter, rather, and the WEMA application that support approval of this. We'll have to go through the process to see whether or not the CPUC – when they act on it and what the answer is, of course.
Maria C. Rigatti: Michael, it's Maria. So I think back when we first filed the General Rate Case, the 2018 General Rate Case and we had the request out there, we did say that we were able to absorb that with the existing balance sheet. I think that as we move forward in time, we have identified a number of other opportunities and the size of which is yet to be determined, frankly, because we are still going through the process on the medium and heavy duty TE application. We only have a PD there at this point. We haven't filed our Phase II Charge Ready application yet. But as Pedro mentioned, we're looking at that and what the size of that should be in light of the Governor's order around the 5 million electric vehicles and our view of the need for 7 million electric vehicles on the light duty side going forward. So there are a number of other opportunities out there that – and you mentioned a few as well, the hardening of the infrastructure and the response to increasing wildfire risk. We have things that we talked about in the past as well, storage opportunities and the like. All of which are in support of the climate policies in California. I think at this point in time, first we'd have to size that basket of opportunity and get PDs or final decisions on those before we could really comment on the sort of balance sheet impact that that would have, because you line them all up, there's a lot of opportunity out there. We have to see, one, where the quantum is, and then over what time period the investment would be made because that's also a pretty important factor.
Maria C. Rigatti: When we had our fourth quarter call, I think you may remember that we talked a lot about – or a little bit anyway, about sort of the balance sheet and the flexibility that we have. There is an impact, obviously, we see some reduced cash flow as a result of the SONGS settlement should be proved, and that impact as well as obviously the elimination of bonus depreciation, it has a casual impact. So there are a lot of moving pieces, Michael. I think that we would have to see what all of those pieces were and at what point in time each of them occurs back to the timing impacts. The timing differences or the timing of some of these outcomes or decisions actually does make a difference.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. Greg, I think that's actually well said and I wouldn't disagree. It is very early in the game. And at this stage in the legislative process, as we look across the whole landscape of bills, the language that's being proposed, I think I even acknowledged in my remarks none of them deals squarely yet with the whole issue of reforming utility liability and the concept of inverse condemnation and strict liability. It is early in the process. We were encouraged, as I mentioned in the remarks, by the fact that you've now had a few weeks back Governor Brown and the key legislative leaders, all come out and say that this is part of a broader issue that needs to be worked on for the state. And one of the five areas they mentioned was reforming the issue of how utilities are liable in these cases. So there isn't a vehicle today that actually has languages specific to this. There's, I think, a clear recognition in that governor and legislative leader statement that this is one of the elements that needs to be addressed. It's now May 1 and the reality is that there's a lot of time and process that takes place in Sacramento in any bill between now and the finish line. I think that certainly the discussions that are being held in Sacramento lead me to believe and encourage me that there's good understanding and appreciation on the part of legislators of how important this piece is to the state and to utilities as enablers of a lot of what the state wants to do. But that has not yet translated into specific words on a page in a proposed bill that address the issue. I think this is something that is certainly working hard with the other utilities and other stakeholders to advocate strongly that this is something that will be really good to work on this year in this session. But I think as I said all along, it'll take time throughout the session and there might be some pieces that even spill over into the following session. At this point, though, it's just too early to comment on any one bill or what the vehicle would be that could end up getting amendments that could address the issue, and it's just something we're working and live radio every day in Sacramento.
Pedro J. Pizarro: No, Julien, it's a good question and I think you got it right, right at the ear. The first part of the question, there's probably not a whole lot we can offer in terms of comment. Really, what I can say and, Adam Umanoff, our General Counsel, can do clean up here, if there's anything else that he would add. But all of these are very case specific, in particular, what we believe that the concerns about the application of inverse condemnation with strict liability, that's something that's cost-cutting. And you'll see the same theme show up, I believe, in multiple cases across the various utilities, right? You're seeing it in PG&E cases. You'll see it in our cases. The circumstances that might lead to discussions among the various parties in any given case, those are pretty case-specific. So suffice it to say that in the case of Round Fire, there's a number of parties involved. There has been interest in having discussions that could lead potentially to a mutually beneficial outcome, may or may not, is about all I can say about that one, but it made sense to ask the courts to delay the date as you saw in our comments here to see whether in this specific case, it makes sense to consider a resolution or not. Regardless of that, again, you will see us press hard on the topic, not only legislation in Sacramento per Greg's question, but for your question, you'll see us push it hard in Court cases in any and all of these fire-related cases wherever courts are applying inverse with strict liability. That's common. But certainly, we believe that the facts in general are strong. The facts are very strong in the Round Fire case, and so it was an issue about – that's an issue about the key specifics in this particular one where it might make sense to continue some discussions with parties confidentially. And Adam's giving me the eye sign that nothing to add. Okay.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. Jonathan, I would say that all three of those bodies – the Governor's Office, the Senate, and the Assembly – are very engaged at this point. And obviously, there's roles that each play. Ultimately, any bill before becoming law needs to have Senate and Assembly versions, and it needs a signature from the Governor. And so I'll just say that I think all the relevant parties are involved. There's a sequency thing, and any one week you might see committee meetings on the Senate side and another week where you see committee meetings on the Assembly side, and discussions that take place in between but folks are engaged.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yes, absolutely there is continuing dialogue. And not just with us, I mean, I think the Senate, the Assembly and the Governor's Office are talking, not just with utilities but they're talking with a lot of different parties. So remember, they're not just trying to solve the utility liability issue, they're seeking to solve the entire statewide issue, and we support that. I mean, you could – we're not just running a utility here, we're also residents of California. We want to see the state get this right. As a resident of the state, I need to see them also deal with prevention and deal with hardening of infrastructure and deal with all the things that the Governor and the legislative leaders outlined along with the utility liability piece. In the context of that, you're engaged with labor and you're engaged with environmental groups, you're engaged with their government agencies or expert in fires and forest management, and that's really critical and we see a lot of activity taking place. As with anything that involves the complexities of the legislature, and it is hard what these folks do, I can't guarantee any specific outcome but very encouraged that they are so engaged at this stage of the process.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Jonathan, I think the best way I can answer that and probably this will be a little bit of a non-answer, but I continue to be – I think we continue to be encouraged by the level of engagement. And I think there's a lot of focus on addressing this in an urgent way. I think since our last call and seeing that statement from the Governor, they've talked about doing things urgently. At the same time, we've all been around the block and recognize this complex stuff and there's a lot of pieces to this. And from a – making sure that we're just giving our investors perspective that are right down the middle of the fairway. I'm not going to guarantee that the A, B, C and D are all going to get done in 2018 or that C might slip into 2019. It's just too early at this stage of the process to be making comments about this one feels more likely than that one. What I can tell you, and I think it's consistent with before, just this time supported by more data points three months since the last call, we continue to see data points every week of the right conversations happening and the right folks engaged.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And my layperson's understanding of that step by the judges is it's typically when you see cases being appealed, you get the party that did not prevail advancing that appeal. Here you have the judge in a sense making comments about the appropriateness or value of an appellate court considering the matter. So it's a little level of emphasis on it.
Pedro J. Pizarro: There's probably not a lot we can comment on there, although on that last point, it's pretty safe to say that we would want to wait and see not only what CAL FIRE's view, but potentially the views of some of the other parties investigating the matter. But I think as a general statement, particularly in cases like this that has some complexity to them, they're all different, there isn't a cookie cutter as to the process necessarily or what the phase we're in, et cetera. Some level, still early days. We know, because we haven't seen a CAL FIRE report, that that investigation is continuing. We understand that the CPUC Safety and Enforcement Division is doing their investigation. We understand Ventura County Fire is doing theirs. We continue to look at information in terms of our investigation. So, a long-winded way of saying probably not a whole lot we can help with in terms of providing information or expectations on timing at this point, Shar, which I apologize for that, but it just is what it is.
Pedro J. Pizarro: No. I know. I know. Although, it's funny, Shar, it sounds like Jonathan was reading my comments as more optimistic and you're reading them as more conservative. So I'll get you two in a room. But no, look, the intent of the prepared remarks and, hopefully, all you hearing us answer in this live Q&A, is really down the middle of the road. It's May 1 in a session that extends to August, on a matter that's very complex and it involves not just the utility liability piece, but all the other pieces that I was mentioning earlier. I'm not trying to signal any specific read left or right here, trying to be pretty transparent about – very encouraged that folks are engaged, right? Just to be blunt and honest about it, three months ago we probably didn't know what level of engagement we'd be seeing at this stage. So, we're seeing good engagement. We're seeing supportive comments from the governor and legislative leaders. We're seeing a lot of folks discussing this in Sacramento. That's very encouraging. It's certainly very feasible that we could have legislation in this session, that certainly could be the case. At the same time, it's complex. It's only May. August is a long ways away. And so I also don't want to paint an overly rosy picture here because we just don't know. A lot that still needs to be worked out. There's legislators' work, not only with utilities, but all the other stakeholders that are engaged on this. So I'm sorry, I don't think I gave you any new information there other than trying to strip all the color out of it and give you a sense of just really trying to paint a picture that's down in the middle of the road.
Pedro J. Pizarro: I think when we talked about this – the common dividend issuance in the last call, we said that our board looked at a broad range of potential negative outcomes, that we certainly had homework going on at that time. And that homework includes every scrap of information that we had at hand at that point, including that statements that folks made and our own view of investigation, our own view of, again, not just investigation in the sense of what's the expected case or what's the more likely outcome. We deliberately used the words broad range of potential negative outcomes to communicate that I think our board was not necessarily hinging on this is where the midpoint is or this is an expected outcome. They looked at a broad range that was colored by everything we knew at that point. So, that's probably about as well as I can answer that.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. That last point, I'd just like to put an accent on that because it's, I think, easy to focus on big headline numbers in terms of potential opportunity. But a lot of these, particularly the programs that are incremental that are not included in our General Rate Case, have a rose to them, right? And it's all about helping us to get to that 20%, 30% mark on greenhouse gas reduction. So there's a longer timeline to those that can also be part of managing the equation.
Pedro J. Pizarro: It's – and I think, Maria, you said this towards the tail end of your comments of how we are seeing the benefits of having been able to approach these storms with a strong balance sheet, and so that just give us a level of flexibility as we think about those impacts that will be different if we had been – had not been a stronger balance sheet as we went into it.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. That's something that the ISO, I think, will continue to study. Their last version of the transmission plan for the state, I think, acknowledged that it wasn't fully baking in the need for 50% renewables by 2030, for example. So that's homework yet to be done. So I think the short answer to that is stay tuned. At the same time, though, I think that the mix of resources we'll see across the state to serve that 2030 mark will be a very different mix from the mix we would've all guessed if we were doing this 10 years ago. It won't all just be all power, it won't all be just generation. You saw in the clean paper that SCE released end of last year that we see the state in order to meet the greenhouse gas reduction targets while at the lowest possible cost. We see it needing to rely on a pathway that's using 80% carbon-free resources, and in order to balance that which would mean a lot of renewables – not all of that 80% will be renewables but a lot of it will be. We see that needing a fair amount of storage to balance that out. So I'll just say to point out that, whereas, if we were solving this 10 years ago, the answer would have probably been pretty quickly, it's just mix of renewables and gas-fired plants and those are all the options, and they all happen in the bulk power and you need transmission for all of them. I think in this new world we're headed into over the next decade, some of it may be that, but probably more of it will be distributed and a lot more of it will be storage than before, and that's going to alter how I think ultimately the ISO views the transmission need. So that's the long-winded version of saying, stay tuned.
