W. James Scilacci: Okay, just briefly, there's a lot of detail in the Ks that I think you can sort through once you have a little bit of time to look at it. So we impaired investment of Homer City at EME, and there are some additional assets that reside that have not been impaired yet. And so when you actually get to the completion, when we actually transfer the asset, there's approximately, I think the disclosure say, about $170 million of net remaining investments that we would need to write off. The timing from that is uncertain. We're still working through that. I can't give you an expected time frame right yet. It depends upon how it goes with the owner-lessors. There may be some additional items that come up during the course of the discussions and we're trying to define exactly what the liabilities are on either side. But the principle liabilities have been disclosed in our 10-K.
W. James Scilacci: Jonathan, it's Jim. I think you just should assume Homer City would fit in to auction. We anticipate the units being available in the future. We'll have to work that out between ourselves and the owner-lessors.
W. James Scilacci: I think every quarter, you have to go through the impairment analysis. It's a standard accounting approach. And what happened between last quarter and this quarter is really the drop in power prices changed the economics. I think the reality of that and given the problems that we've been facing, especially with the in-city, the Fisk and Crawford stations, I think the economics came through that it was clear that it was time to impair those stations. Now we also impaired the Waukegan station. But we haven't made a final determination yet in terms of what we're going to do there. But the reality was that the economics were clear that we needed to take an action. Now we'll continue to look at the other, what you're implying, the other smaller stations, but we haven't made any conclusions. And the current plan is then to retrofit the larger stations, and we're proceeding down that path.
W. James Scilacci: Most likely. Yes. As We move it into discontinued operations, that would be the case, you'd have to pluck it out.
W. James Scilacci: Okay. Michael, this is Jim. We'll incorporate that into our operating assumptions. The problem here, we haven't given you guidance in terms of what we expect EBITDA or earnings would be for the facilities. And we'll do that as we get the SCE's General Rate Case. But there will be operating savings, capital reductions, that go along with the shutdowns.
W. James Scilacci: Okay, that's a complicated question. I think just go back to the most simplest form. EIX, the way it works under the tax-sharing agreement, it uses a consolidated approach. So therefore, if the consolidated return has available capacity to monetize tax benefits, then the dollars flow either to SCE or EMG based on the actual situation. Now if an entity were deconsolidated from the parent, it could then no longer monetize tax losses that reside within that entity. And so I think that's the simplest way that you can think about it.
W. James Scilacci: The NOL would reside with that entity if it were deconsolidated. And then whatever happens going forward, it would depend upon the earnings and losses of that entity. It would not affect the consolidated entity of EIX.
W. James Scilacci: I think you got right. So once we've finalized this transition, and we don't know when it's going to be over, we would likely, at that point, move it to discontinued operations.
W. James Scilacci: It's going to go down a transition path. I guess, I don't want to go through every possible avenue here, but we expect it at some point in time to go to discontinued operations.
W. James Scilacci: No, the way it is, just for clarification, we believe the fair value of Homer City is 0. The way have to go through it, the accounting is complicated and it's very clear, if I model it here in the disclosures in terms of how it's treated. So we take in the first step, it essentially wrote off the majority of the investment. There's a portion of the investment that's at fair value, and that's the remaining piece that will, once we transition it to discontinued operations, will have to be written off.
W. James Scilacci: Jay, I'll just add to that, too, I know you're listening, that I think we've had our view and we've heard -- you've heard it from us any number of times, as we've entered into the agreement with Illinois EPA, that we believe strongly that coal plants would be shutting down and we're seeing that now, and that would lead to an improvement in capacity values. I think the question that Ted was addressing, you were raising, had to do with energy values. But we still hold the view, capacity values re-rising in the PJM market.
W. James Scilacci: Steve, this is Ted. It's going to be difficult to foresee all of the different possibilities here. But let me try to give you a general steer of the way we're thinking about it. If all we're doing is kind of limping from one quarter to the next, we don't really see how we reach a stabilization of EME. And that's not a very appealing prospect from our perspective. So we are, to some degree, seeking to force the question, will we be able to stabilize EMG? And as I said, I think that fundamentally means we have to be able to meet the capital requirements for the retrofits of the plants that we do believe are economic and should continue to run. Number two, we have to take out some debt. And we have to be able to see somewhere over this next 3 to 4 years that we'll be able to generate sufficient liquidity to meet those CapEx requirements and reduce debt such that by the time we get to the '17s, we can see that this is going to actually generate sufficient credit metrics for refinancing. If we can't see how that looks possible, then I don't think we have a stabilized entity and we'll just be lurching from quarter-to-quarter. So our goal here, and again, come back to the 6- to 12-month kind of concept is, by the summer, that we have a sharp idea of whether or not we'll be able to stabilize EMG.
W. James Scilacci: I think just -- we're not going to give you amounts or how much we're buying and what the price and whatnot. I think just bear in mind that we're going to do a combination of things. It's going to be low sulfur coal and we'll be installing removal technology. And we have very steep reductions that are required because low sulfur coal will only get you so far. And as you look at the CPS numbers out beyond '14, there are steep drop-offs. So that's where you really require capital expenditures for the dry sorbent injection systems to get you to those lower levels.
W. James Scilacci: I wouldn't stop there. You would continue using it and in combination of the equipment that's how much dry sorbent you need to inject. So there's a combination of things you do here to get to the numbers that are -- that's part of the agreement.
W. James Scilacci: I can't get into the specifics of the contract, but there's a mechanism we have in place that we can adjust accordingly based on the plant that's taken out of service.
W. James Scilacci: I think based on the disclosures we had to go through and expected amounts reflects that. To the extent that we shutdown plants in the future, because we're looking at the plant shutdowns don't occur until '13 and beyond. So I wouldn't expect to affect the '12.
W. James Scilacci: Paul, I think you got the -- there's different things that are going on here, so let me step back for a second. If you look at Page 5 of our investor deck, the write-off, all the write-offs that occurred, the impairment charges that were taken in the fourth quarter, resulted in a non-core charge at the holding company of $0.06. There is also, in core earnings, a deferred tax adjustment that was a positive. So one's in non-core, one's in core. I just wanted to make sure I clarify what was going on there. And it is hard to keep track of both these things. But I can tell you, if we're to write-off the whole thing what the deferred tax adjustment would be for the holding company, the reason for the non-core $0.06 adjustment that occurred at the holding company in the fourth quarter has to do with how state income taxes, the apportioned state income taxes, that is a very complicated and detailed discussion, and I just don't have any information that I can get into you on any kind of relevant degree. But periodically, and I think you'll remember last year, every once in a while, based on the way income is a apportioned through our various companies, we will either take a benefit or take a loss depending upon how we foresee the apportionment changing.
W. James Scilacci: Unfortunately, we have not put that information in the public domain. You can see the book value of the remaining Midwest Gen assets, that is now clearly spelled out in the disclosures. We've previously showed that to you in a prior quarter. And you can see what's happening with Homer City. So a lot of the information, as far as the book value perspective, is in the public domain. We just don't have the tax basis in there.
W. James Scilacci: I think we're going to continue to provide information using what we'll call the simplified methodology, the one you started with. There are things that occur year-to-year, and I think we had some tax benefits that flowed through in the fourth quarter, that's why you're seeing some of the outperformance. At times, embedded cost of debt provides a benefit, but you can have other parts of the business where you're overspending. So that covers -- so we have outperformance in one area can cover underperformance in others. So we're going to keep coming back to that simplified approach.
W. James Scilacci: Yes. Let me just clarify on that and we'll turn it over to Ron to give you some additional details. So that's the Malibu fire situation, and there's additional disclosures that's updated in the 10-K when you have an opportunity to take a look at that. But I'll turn it over to Ron now.
Theodore F. Craver: Jonathan, it's Ted. I think kind of the principle ones are EPA rules need to be finalized. I think we've got a pretty good sense of what those look like. But as you know, there are a couple of important elements still yet to be fully finalized. That in turn would give us a better read on timing and amount of expenditures for retrofits. Second, kind of key one is some of the additional liquidity activities. We still have some parts of our wind portfolio that have the ability for additional financing. So continuing to look at those things. We also talked a little bit about the new equity capital program that we have for the wind development. But in order to realize all of the cash from that, we've got work to get completed. And then I think another important milestone from our perspective is what happens in the capacity market auction in May. That certainly will speak to this kind of byplay between very depressed power prices, making many of the existing generation facilities uneconomic in the PJM marketplace. We're seeing a lot of announced retirements, not just stars, but others. So what impact will that have on the capacity market? I think those are some of the key milestones. There's other stuff that the folks at EMG keep working on to improve liquidity and pull some additional rabbits out of the hat. But the big ones are the ones I mentioned.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes, I don't think you should expect any change in our viewpoint on it. In fact, that's why the next sentence is in this script, too. In the face of deteriorating financial conditions, which have clearly deteriorated, you can expect we will not be putting any funds in EMG.
Theodore F. Craver: Yes, I'll reaffirm it and clarify it to some degree. It was last summer that I started talking about 6 to 12 months, which is basically trying to suggest between the EPA rules that we knew were going to end up having to be promulgated by the end of the year, which would be the 6 months to all the way around to the auction, which would take place in May, which is getting pretty close to 12 months, we figured that by summer of 2012, we would have most of the factors that we needed to come to conclusions about which units would be retrofitted, therefore, what the capital cost would be. If we were to not retrofit certain units and close them down, what would be the savings that would come from that? And how would we kind of refocus EMG as a result of those decisions, which would fill in one of the big blanks, that is what's the capital requirement for retrofits of the coal fleet. The second part is we were going to start facing some retirements in the revolver, the maturity of the revolver. And then fairly soon after that, we'd be into the $500 million of the 2013s and so on. And our keen desire is to kind of take all those factors, as well as our outlook for where power prices would be, and conclude whether we could really stabilize EMG or not. And the stabilization is meeting the capital requirements, as well as trying to pay down a healthy chunk of debt, particularly the debt maturing in 2013, 2016, such that we would have sufficient credit metrics for EMG to be self-sustaining or that said differently, refinance its 2017 and beyond on the basis of its own credit metrics. That, to us, was the definition of stabilization. We felt we would have most of the information we would need, coupled with some outlooks on power prices to conclude whether we, in fact, could stabilize EMG. And we still are on that path, as I said in my prepared remarks. But still, our intention is some time in the summer of this year being able to have those discussions with investors. Obviously, main part of the plan that has not worked is power prices recovery. They have not recovered, they've only gotten worse. So that constrains cash, it constrains our liquidity, that makes the ability to stabilize EMG much more difficult.
Theodore F. Craver: As we said in the script, we would need to -- if these conditions persist, we would need to consider divesting assets to raise liquidity and consider restructuring or reorganizing the capital structure. So we won't make any predictions as to where all of that goes at this point, but if we have a prolonged period of low power prices, it constrains the liquidity sufficiently that we'd have to consider those other actions.
Theodore F. Craver: I think at that point, you're looking at restructuring, reorganizing the capital structure. I don't think there's any other outcome.
