Maria C. Rigatti: Sure, Julien. This is Maria. Clearly, we're open to settlement discussions with our stakeholders. That's probably all I'm going to say about that. And relative to any components of what that might look like, again, don't want to negotiate with anybody on the phone, but we'd certainly be to consider things in terms of a total package.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. Certainly, the 500 – you're talking about the 500 megawatts of additional energy storage. It's still early days. We have to see were that lands for us in terms of how that would be split amongst the three IOUs, et cetera. So, early days to know exactly what it will mean for us. We are proceeding with our other energy storage activities. We have about 40 megawatts or so in the GRC that we recently filed. We're moving forward with the Aliso Canyon Energy Storage. We think it's all part and parcel, but that 500 megawatt's still under review.
Maria C. Rigatti: Hey, Michael. So, certainly, in terms of the discussion about bounding, we do intend to do that. We've already kind of said during our prepared remarks that we were going to bound that at no more than the 2016 guidance levels for EIX parent and other. As we move through the rest of the year and we're kind of compiling all of our budget information, we'll be able to provide more detail as to exactly how that shakes out at Edison Energy Group.
Maria C. Rigatti: Hey, Greg. It's kind of early days right now to actually know what's going to happen in the GRC itself. Obviously, our dividends are all keyed off of SCE earnings. As that continues to grow with the rate base growth, you'll see a continuing ability to bring our dividend up in steps over time, as Pedro said earlier. So, I think that's really how we're thinking about it.
Maria C. Rigatti: Actually, you're echoing a little bit. I think you said that we'll give you more information around the parent then, yes, absolutely.
Maria C. Rigatti: Look, 50.4% was where we're at September 30. And that number is north of the 48% that's our authorized equity ratio. We will, over time, I'm sure see that bleed down, although, that really does give us the flexibility to manage our capital program, our dividend program, and all of that. So, we actually think that's a good spot to be in.
Maria C. Rigatti: So those projects – both of those projects are being reviewed by the CPUC. I will say the review is not about whether or not those projects are needed. The review is about exactly how those projects should be built out. And we are still assessing what the impact would be on the schedule and the cost. Certainly, reengineering a project could potentially cause it to be delayed, but there are some suggestions as to different types of projects that could actually increase the cost of those projects. So, we're currently in the process of looking at what the different proposals are and whether or not we need to start engineering around some of those different proposals. Mesa is a very good example that, in that case, other alternatives have been proposed, but in fact the California ISO has said that each one of the alternatives that have been proposed either don't meet the needs or don't meet the time requirement.
Maria C. Rigatti: No, they actually spread over a pretty long period. I think the in-service dates of the NEE dates, there's a chart in our presentation, but the NEE (35:55) dates are like 2020, 2021 for most of these projects. So you see cost spread over the entire period.
Maria C. Rigatti: Just to note though, Jonathan, we have not changed any of our forecast at this point, while we wait for those decisions.
Maria C. Rigatti: Two things. Certainly, we do look for ways to redeploy our capital when something is delayed, but secondly also that we will be in the process as we get more information to update our numbers.
Maria C. Rigatti: You know at the end of the last year, we did deploy some capital, some cash to purchase the three companies at Edison Energy. On a go-forward basis, we have a service model. We're focused on providing energy as a service, so the capital needs of those companies from an investment perspective is not gigantic. There are some operating expenses. So, of course, that's why you're seeing the drag at the holding company – in the holding company cost. The numbers themselves are pretty immaterial relative to the overall Edison International structure. So, I think that kind of bounds it for you, I don't know, Pedro... (38:05)
Maria C. Rigatti: So, you can see that disclosed the parent section of the cash flows. But, really, the bulk of what we spent is that $100 million last year to buy the three companies that are basically Edison Energy.
Maria C. Rigatti: ...is that we would really retain out of the utility an offset to the extent that we were using short-term debt to really fund the capital program that we see, which is, as you know from the GRC, pretty substantial.
Maria C. Rigatti: I don't think our short-term debt is getting too thick. You can see from our financial statements, we're in a pretty comfortable spot. But, over time, I think it's just a nice place to be to have that capacity. If we were to get an award, we don't know that we're going to get an award, but if we were to get an award and of any substantial size, I think we'll provide another layer of certainty or cushion as we build out our capital program.
Maria C. Rigatti: So, thanks for the question. And we are comfortable at the place we are right now, 48% authorized. Yes, we're a little higher than that at the current moment. But that will work down over time as we continue to expand our capital program. I think that flexibility is really important. We're trying to balance a lot of things in the context of, we want to be able to deploy the capital that we need to get the grid modernized, to focus on safety and reliability, all the things that our customers need, and then also balance that against customer rates as well. So, we're doing a lot of things. The 48% level authorized equity rate actually does fit in with the overall objectives that we're trying to achieve. And we think that it provides us with the right amount of flexibility over time.
Maria C. Rigatti: Certainly, EIX has some balance sheet flexibility. I think we'd have to think about that over time in terms of where would be the most appropriate place to provide that sort of backing.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. The state will need a process for actually implementing the legislation and allocating out the 500 megawatt sale. The immediate first step here is just going through the regulatory implementation steps.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. So, don't have any insights on the schedule. I think we saw one press report that said the ALJ was leaving or retiring. So, what we've seen is the appointment of – assignment of a new ALJ. And so, we have an ex parte ban, so we don't get into this sort of detail with the Commission. So, we believe that the settlement terms continue to be fair and – but as I mentioned in my comments, we don't have a way to handicap at this point when the Commission will act.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Just one global comment on this just to summarize it. This is not a question of if it's just a question of when.
Pedro J. Pizarro: No, I think that's captures it. And given the questions that I think we've all gotten from a number of you as we chatted through September, we wanted to make sure we provided some near-term clarity as to what the overall earnings impact was at the total consolidated EIX level. That's why we focused on that today and then we'll have more detail we can provide first in February when we issue 2017 guidance. But I think before – you're also getting to what's the nature of the business itself and what's more of a business model question. And that goes to providing a detailed business plan to our investors, which I mentioned in my comments, we expect to do no later than 12 months from now. So, I think that will clarify our best thinking at that point. And influenced by feedback, we've been getting from customers over the last few months, just thinking in terms of what is that model and what do we see as some of the key milestones and outlays over the years ahead.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So, you're talking about the genie in the bottle. We've talked about it'd be tough to unscramble the egg or put the toothpaste back in the tube. So, I think that would be one of the challenges were the Commission to decide to reopen the settlement. And of course, if they did that, we believe strongly in the litigation positions that we had and we would reassert those. But, no, you're pointing out one of the implementation challenges, if the Commission were to reopen it, would be very tough to do. And as I mentioned in my comment, we've refunded or are on the way to refunding a total $1.6 billion, so a big amount at stake here benefiting customers.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So I want stay pretty high level on this one. I'd say we're probably in the middle of the pack. Some areas a little better, some areas a little worse. We've pointed investors to our rate case filing and the pieces that we had some level of confidence on, when we were filing our rate case, of course, we put in the rate case as an obligation for customers. We said that we'll continue to work at this. We have not quantified for investors what that additional opportunity is or the timing for it, probably because we're continuously doing that work, Ali, and that's a work in progress. The other comment I make there is, beyond just looking at what it means for SCE today to benchmark itself against the folks who are in the quartile already or even best-in-class that versus where I think the whole industry and, frankly, the whole economy is set at, certainly, over the decade ahead for us here, technology is going to be opening up some pretty powerful opportunities to reshape how a lot of American work is done. And I think even the folks who are best-in-class in our industry or in other industries are going to see continued opportunities for improvement, whether it's back office technologies or artificial intelligence or the impact of other hardware and software in various parts of our business, I just see that as a continuing opportunity for all of us in the industry and across the economy. And so, I don't think we're at the point yet where we stop. So, expect there could be a continuing theme for us, but we haven't quantified what that could mean yet.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So, I think you just defined one potential scenario, but I think there are many. And the reality is that the state is just starting to get its arms around how this all really will shake out. And I'll tell you, some of the interesting questions here are, how much of this will be done by the state going through the kind of analysis that you just went through there. And in allocating that out on a sector by sector basis, how much of it will be done by relying on more market forces and seeing how the markets bring out the best opportunities. So, I'll probably stop short of commenting on your specific scenario there. But, really, come back to the basic message, which is no matter which way we cut it – and we're doing our own homework on this right now with our various state agencies. But no matter which way we cut it, we see electrification of a lot of the economy being absolutely needed. Now, whether it's you're quick math there in terms of the impact on transportation, some of the factors or whether it's different math, different proportions coming from different sectors. Even within transportation, how much comes from passenger light duty vehicles, how much comes from heavier duty. I think there's lots of questions that the state needs to grapple with. But, again, any which you cut it, it will require a fair amount of electrification. And therefore, really cement the absolute necessity of having a strong and modern grid at the center of it all to move that power around. So that's the focus and I think we will all be learning a lot over the course of the next few years here as we march our way to the state being able to meet the expectation of the law 14 years from now.
