A – Maria Rigatti: No, I think that we have -- we covered the waterfront in that range, Jeremy, we think about resiliency from the perspective of additional wildfire mitigation. We think about resiliency from the perspective of storage, building electrification because we know we have to pursue those sorts of investments. We're going to get to those GHG emissions reductions. So I think that full range is covered in the capital forecast that we've laid out for you.
A – Maria Rigatti: Sure. And we cut out just a tiny bit at the end, at least for me, but I think I got your question, Shar. So as you move out in time, obviously, in the front end, we have authorized -- we have the 2021 GRC decision. Now harking back to the utility on storage. You can have things happen even in the near term that increase your capital expenditure opportunities. But as you move out to '24 and '25, I think there are a few things going on. One, 2024 is a year in this rate case cycle that we haven't yet gotten authorization for us. So while it might look a lot like the attrition mechanism that's embedded in 2021 and '22 and '23, we do know there are some budget based approaches that we can use for wildfire mitigation. So we'll be focused on that and that can expand the range. If you look out beyond that, 2025 is actually a new rate case cycle. And so things like ongoing wildfire mitigation, but as we start to get back potentially to more infrastructure replacement and the like, that could drive the wider range that you see in the back end.  In addition, there are opportunities potentially to file applications outside of the general rate case proceedings. And so all the things that I think Pedro mentioned earlier around are there things around greenhouse gas emissions reductions on the path to 2045 -- areas around transportational education or building electrification or more energy storage or transmission, those are all things that move the range up and down.
A – Maria Rigatti: Ryan, it’s Maria. Yes, so that actual transaction has been part of that project for many, many years. And the trigger for it was when the project was completed and became commercial. So that was the genesis of that $400 million, and you’re right, it did happen over the summer. We booked -- I think we’ve talked a little bit about this before in terms of just the overall portfolio. The things that SCE owns, basically, they’re really customer assets and so the opportunity to sell a bunch of assets isn’t really available to us in the sense that you’re talking about. I think the – from time to time, people have asked about real estate and the like, but there’s really not an opportunity in this portfolio.
A – Maria Rigatti: I think we’ve been pretty constant around the cost per mile. I mean it’s -- we haven’t seen big increases, but we haven’t seen decreases either. I think we actually got it pretty spot on when we may be an initial estimates.
A – Maria Rigatti: And Michael, just one more thing since you’re asking about it from sort of a macro perspective. While legislation to help the utilities might be something that’s already been addressed in we do keep an eye on and definitely would support additional legislation that really addresses things like land management and forest management and home hardening and development in the Woolsey because those are things that are going to have to be addressed if we really want to have a long-term mitigation to this issue.
A – Maria Rigatti: Because we hadn’t taken – because we haven’t taken a regulatory asset against the $375 million, that has already been part of our overall cost of the events of 2017 and 2018.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So Shar, we talked a bunch before about our 2021 financing plan and the need to issue up to $1 billion of equity content securities. And that was really to support the 15% to 17% FFO to debt framework that we have at the company. And so as we assess the change in the reserve level, we think that, that $1 billion equity content in 2021 still supports our overall financing framework objective.  And we've been pretty measured in how we approach issuing that additional equity or equity content securities. At the same time, SCE does issue debt to make claims payments. So if you think about the EIX financing plan that's in support of the metrics and then SCE's cash flow is tied to sort of when they issue debt to pay the claim. At that level, the SCE level, they are basically pacing their financing plan along the same lines as when they make claims payments. I think when you think about the equity requirement that we have for this year, we've already done $1.25 billion of that preferred financing to get a certain amount of the equity content, and we'll continue to evaluate market conditions as we undertake the balance of the program.
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So there are 3 components to the $550 million, Jonathan, there is $110 million that’s payment to the general fund, there’s $65 million of mitigation activity that we’ll undertake, and there’s that $375 million of foregone recovery.
Maria Rigatti: Well, in terms -- it's all in that number, the $7.5 billion. In terms of cash flows, obviously, we have different time frames around which we have to make payments in the general fund, and we have to make the mitigation investments. So those cash flows haven't gone yet. I think your question is the cash flow.
Maria Rigatti: No. The $2.2 billion remaining will go down as we make actual cash payments for settlement or payment to the general fund or mitigation payments.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. Absolutely. And I think, Julien, you know that we've been really measured and in the approach that we've taken to issuing additional equity and equity content securities and we've been watching the cash flows and the like. And in our 2021 financing plan, we did envision that up to $1 billion of equity content. And so as we thought about and assess the change in the reserve level, we were looking at what we had already announced as our 2021 plan, and we think that it's still consistent even with the reserve level changing with the objective of improving credit metrics over time with that focus on the 15% to 17%. Now the equity that we've discussed for next year and that we'll discuss in more detail when we get to the Q4 call, that really relates to sort of how we were thinking about the equity needs over the next 4 years through 2025 related to the growth of the utility. And so let's think back a little bit on how that ties together. So previously, when we laid out that '21 through 2025 EPS CAGR, we talked about the EPS CAGR of 5% to 7%. We still firmly believe that, that is the range that we're in. And in terms of total equity needs over the period, we talked about up to $250 million a year, to some extent, varying based on the capital that was needed in that year.  As we look over that period, while we've got $900 million more CapEx in 2022, which obviously that's in response to customer needs and the state needs with some reliability and that's on top of an already robust capital plan, we want to basically take some of the equity that otherwise would have turned up in later years and rebalance back to 2022. And that's again in support of our metrics. So that's kind of the balance that we're always trying to strike. And so those are how I think about the pieces of the equity need and how we thought through them as we develop the plan for the balance of this year and then for next year.
