Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Missy, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team.  Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation.  During this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up.  I will now turn the call over to Pedro. 
Sam Ramraj: Missy, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. So everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions. 
Sam Ramraj: Thank you for joining us. This concludes the conference call. Have a good rest of the day. You may now disconnect.
Pedro Pizarro: Nick, I appreciate the question. Look, I'll just start by pointing you to our disclosures, right? We've said all along that every quarter, we go back in, we test whether there's a need to change research and adjust them so that we are providing our best estimate of the best estimate, right? We really want to make sure we're doing this down the middle of the road by the buck per cap. And so we did pass a pretty important milestone, as you said, with that Woolsey event. And so we now have the benefit of analyzing what came in, and we saw the factors that we commented on both less drop-off in overall claims and higher expectation of awards.  As we continue here, I think like I said in my comments, honestly, Nick, true certainty here will come with moving through this process as quickly as we can, doing it right, and getting to the finish line. And I'm really pleased that we're certainly a lot closer to the finish line on TKM, as you saw from our having made the filing last year. We are approaching that important milestone with Woolsey, where we'll be ready to do our filing, and we continue to be on track to do that in Q3.  Every quarter, we'll continue to test things. And we kind of by definition, if we're giving you the best estimate we can, it means that it has probably an equal chance of reality being higher or being lower, right? So we'll continue to retest that every quarter. But again, our focus is on completing the process and getting this fully behind us. 
Pedro Pizarro: Yes. Maybe I'll start on that one, and Steve Powell might have thoughts as well. So you've seen that the Cal ISO is really over the last few years, fully engaged in the long-term planning process. I think they recognize along with other parties in the state that in order to help the state achieve its net zero goals by 2045, it's a lot of work to be done. And our own countdown to 2045 white paper last fall had a pretty significant investment need statewide for the wires to make all of this work. So we estimate that the rate of transmission [evasions] will need to be 4x what they've been historically.  So you've seen that there's been now a couple of plans that the Cal ISO has cycled through in the last couple of years. I think Maria mentioned already or certainly it's in our materials, but you see there's something like $2 billion of capital for something like 17 projects where SCE is entitled to the right of first refusal as an incumbent to do the work. So we expect that SCE will do that work. In addition, Cal ISO has a competitive solicitation process for projects that are new that are not extensions of existing projects. SCE now has one application pending waiting to hear on in this current process. But Steve, I know that since you engaged with Cal ISO on your team, maybe comment more on what's next in terms of their continued planning process. 
Pedro Pizarro: I'll answer your question quickly, and then I'll follow up with the real message I want you to walk away with. The quick answer is, I think the latest stuff I have seen published suggest that it seems to be an average or maybe even a little bit below average risk season. That's not the real message I want you to walk away with, we know that in the years ahead, with climate change, we're going to see increased, not decreased climate-driven wildfire risk conditions, but are adapting for tomorrow, white paper a couple of years ago pointed to something like a 20% increase in climate-driven wildfire risk through 2050.  And so the real headline here is the stuff I talked about in my prepared remarks, all right? the amount of hardening we've done, the 85% to 88% risk that we've taken off the table. And that doesn't even include the risk taken off the table by the state having doubled down on its firefighting capabilities. So obviously, it's interesting, and I know investors ask us from time to time, how does this year look or how does any given year look. But frankly, I think that is less and less the question. And more and more, the question you should be asking is, how are we continuing to do in our hardening and our other measures. And I think we're doing well there. 
Pedro Pizarro: And using new technologies at it, right? So it was nice since you said, Maria, to have S&P recognized that. Think about PSPS. That has been an important tool, but now it only accounts for something like 10% of our overall risk reduction. And we continue to look for ways to refine that and minimize the potential impact to customers.  The other thing I'd share is that -- and Steve Powell is playing a leading role in this, we're making sure we're sharing our learnings with the rest of the industry because this is -- it's no longer a California problem it's not no longer a western issue. It's a national level issue. And so we're proud that through EEI, which is I'm sharing EEI, through June of this year, but Steve is co-chairing a CEO taskforce at EEI, that's helping to share best practices across the industry as well as have a discussion on whether other states or the federal level we could find a way to have liability protections like the things that we were able to achieve in California through AB 1054. So we take leaderships here seriously, it's not just about protecting our customers, but making sure that we're sharing that with the rest of the industry. 
Pedro Pizarro: Maybe, Steve, one final thought I would add is it's not just about what we and the industry are doing along with technology partners, but it's also about the government's role in this. And we -- you might know I co-chaired the electricity subsector recording and Council, which is the CEO-led group that really the partnership between the industry and the federal government on matters of physical and cyber security and resiliency. And so DOE is our sponsoring agency for our sector, and they've been a really good partner in engaging around how do we think about technologies, how do we get access to federal resources.  A lot of work to be done in areas like vegetation where there's more work and more progress to be made in working with we say, the forest service or the Bureau of land management, but particularly DOE has been a great partner in looking at how we bring these sort of benefits and scale to all states that need it. And so we'll continue that partnership and it makes everybody safer. 
Maria Rigatti: And maybe, Nick, just one other thing to underscore Pedro's comment about completion, driving final certainty. I'll point out two numbers that we've already said today on the call, individual plaintiffs are the largest component of what's going on here. 97% of the TKM individual plaintiffs have been settled and 86% of the Woolsey individual plaintiffs have been settled. So that's really what's driving us to also comment that we're on track for a Q3 filing for Woolsey Cost recovering. 
Maria Rigatti: Sure. I think the latest report that I've seen from S&P actually has is just over 14% FFO to debt. So inside or above their downward rational range, 15% to 17% FFO to debt is still our objective. The financing plan that we provided last quarter and that we have, again, in the materials for this quarter is consistent with moving into that range over the next several years. We're making good progress on that as we continue to get claims put behind us but also as we continue to recover those minimal accounts, $4 billion over the last three years, $2 billion more through 2025. That, plus the growing rate base and the ability to earn on that and depreciation, et cetera, that's really moving us through that. And we tested a lot of different scenarios, and that's how we came up with $100 million of equity every year through 2028. 
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So the process that we went through with the deadline in February, I think as we noted, a couple of times in the past is when people put their information in, sometimes they put in 100% what we've asked for, sometimes they put in less than what we've asked for, and sometimes they ask for extensions. In this case, a number of plaintiffs  did receive extensions. We know some things about their claims, we've been able to group them, but we will get more information as they get to their claims deadlines, which are over the next couple of months.  The work that we've done to evaluate them is similar to the work that we've done in prior quarters where we've taken the experience that we've had across a broad range of claims. And obviously, we keep settling more claims, so we have more information. And we've applied that understanding to these other demands. Again, we will get more information about those as we progress through the next quarter. 
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So we are expecting that the next-gen ERP application late 2024 and that the AMI, the smart meter application would be in 2025. Across the two of them, a couple of billion dollars in capital. As we think about financing for those additional or incremental capital requirements, we're really going to -- obviously, SCE will always finance in accordance with its authorized capital structure. And we'll see where we are in terms of our credit metrics. As I said, we're growing strongly into our credit metric range. And as long as we can stay in that range, we'll be minimizing the amount of equity that would otherwise be required for those incremental capital opportunities. 
Maria Rigatti: And [PJ], even with all of the risk reduction, we're constantly vigilant. So just to underscore that point, we're continuing not just to do more and more grid hardening but also refining our models, looking at new technologies. I think that's some of what you can see when you look at the S&P report as well is just that ongoing attention that we are paying to every aspect of mitigating the risk. 
Maria Rigatti: Yes. So a lot of that sometimes has to do with exactly when in each quarter, you're booking the cost. So some of it is just timing differences year-over-year. That can be driven by weather in years where there is worse weather than not, you're going to do less work and then in another year, you can do more work. So I think our cost structure is not changing per se. In fact, our focus is on how to actually streamline all of those processes and reduce the cost over time. So nothing to read in to that. 
Steven Powell: Yes. So the CAISO runs its annual transmission planning process each year. And so you can look to each year having that plan come out. And the most recent plan that was released for the '23-'24 cycle, most of the projects are up in Northern California, although there was about $90 million of incumbent projects for SCE to build in our territory. So each of those plans will identify additional opportunities for us, we'll evaluate if we participate in future competitive solicitations on those. In the longer term, the CAISO also does a 20-year outlook.  And the last 20-year outlook, which came out a couple of years ago, pointing towards about $30 billion of investment needed in transmission over the next 20 years. The CAISO is in the process of updating that outlook. They've put out some draft information recently but really the hub will final report in June that will give you the more of the 20-year outlook, but it continues to show a need for more and more resources to fulfill the clean energy targets that was backed by a whole lot of transmission. 
Steven Powell: I'd just say right now, we've been really focused on education about how the risk is evolving and the mitigations that the industry is taking to manage the physical risk itself. In terms of the financial risk, I think there's -- I know that different states are approaching it in different ways. We'll look for ways that you can combine what's being done at the state level with potentially complementary efforts at the federal level. Some of the things that I know there's interesting on the Hill is in things like being able to remove timber. And there's lots of tactical things around permitting and allowing utilities to effectively do streamline the process to get their work done in high-fire areas. In terms of more of the financial solution, again, I think that's there's a lot of work to be done even just to shape what the ask is and it will take some time, but it's most likely to be some combination of state solutions with potential at the federal level. 
Steven Powell: Yes, Ryan. And maybe as I think about the experience we've been through and the focus we have on both balancing affordability as we make sure we're mitigating the wildfire risk, it starts for any utility going down the path of making the right decisions around the risk mitigations you deploy. So for example, for us, on our grid hardening side, covered conductor is a very cost-effective way for us to address the risk that we face. It may look different for different utilities. As you get into things like inspection, to the things we've done around combining our aerial and our ground inspection, so we're having to go out fewer times to do the inspections.  The tools we use to do that are ones that certainly, if they're able to help us bring the cost down as more and more people are developing those, those may improve, and we may have more opportunities. There's areas as you begin to go broader around, for example, veg management and how you do those inspections. So the detection, whether it's using LiDAR or satellite, with the whole industry focused on those, those will advance faster and allow us to lower the cost. So we will definitely learn from others and now learn from us as we try to deploy the most effective wildfire mitigation, but bring the cost of all of them down. 
