Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also here are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria, and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Michelle, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so everyone in line has an opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: Well, thank you for joining us today. And please call us if you have any follow-up questions. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Angie, it's Pedro. Good to hear from you. Let me start with the back end of that around the adder and then Maria talk about the sequence on the ATM. Just remember reinforcing some of the comments that both Maria and I made, we asked for the adder in both the CPUC cost of capital and FERC RE proceedings, because we view that as appropriate compensation for the risks that our investors are being asked to take under the current framework. Very hopeful that the State will address that. I think I’ve said in prior calls that we remain confident that ultimately this will be resolved, because of [indiscernible] financially help the utilities, but sitting here we can't handicap a probability around whether it happens in this round or next round or what have you, right? So timing is, I think one of the question marks for us. We thought it was prudent and appropriate to go ahead and make these filings. Now that you get to the question of what’s the best way to start filling the ultimate need is different timing on the pieces, FERC ROE has a separate schedule from the CPUC cost of capital. But I think, I will let -- turn it over to Maria now, the bottom line here is flexibility, making sure that we take a nice glide path here that gives us flexibility and optimizes for investors and also for customers.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yes, Praful, that’s a good question. And the short answer is it's the latter. This is a longer-term structure. Let me clarify there something in your question because the way that we read the strike force [indiscernible] a little different from the way you just described it. They actually propose two different funds. One, that’s what they call the liquidity only fund and then the second was the wildfire fund which we understood and viewed as a longer-term structure. The first one, the liquidity only fund in a sense that looks a lot different words and maybe the -- slightly the constructer. but it's a lot like what we’ve also been talking about in terms of the ability to securitize needs upfront, because we believe that can then mitigate cost impacts for customers, right? So we view that liquidity only fund essentially as a revolving fund of source to deal with the short-term needs to get cash out to fire victims with the wildfire fund and being that we’ve been thinking as a more traditional longer-term structure. Obviously, a lot of these are still to be worked out, not only the continuing strike force discussions, but importantly now and the different venue of the wildfire commission as I mentioned in my remarks already and then ultimately the legislature. But I wanted to clarify that that view to two different funds that have been suggested.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Okay. And I think -- yes, thank you, Adam. On the timing question, lots of different venues and pieces here always to just kind to recap. We now have the strike force report. We understand that the various members of the strike force team still thinking and engaged etcetera. But I think on the other -- the major report out, -- I have the wildfire commission, my shorthand for the name of the commission continue its work. They have a statutory deadline on July 1st. The governor then challenged them to finish the process earlier. I believe that they’re at a minimum on track to meet their July 1 deadline or potentially coming a little sooner. You have then the challenge that the governor laid out for the legislature to have a package done by July 12, which is clearly an ambitious timeline. I think that it's certainly possible and it's not unreasonable to imagine a scenario where you have concrete recommendations coming out from the wildfire commission that then feed the legislative process and probably some parallel work and starting to develop language. You saw probably the announcement that came out, I believe, last week on the task force in the Senate appointed by the Senate President Pro Tempore, Toni Atkins and chaired by Bill Dodd. So presumably that’s another vehicle for developing language. So there's, I think the scenario that the governor laid out of having all it done by July 12. At the same time, as you pointed out the session goes on for couple more months after that. And so there is certainly the possibility that these complex issues could take longer for drafting and for the negotiations that go on in developing the bills. I will also say it is a more negative scenario, but I want to be transparent about it that in spite of the governor's leadership and timelines that he set, that this wasn’t get done. I think that will be an unfortunate outcome. It's one that if the state needs a speedy resolution of this issues, it's costing customers significantly sort of financial uncertainty on utilities, but I can't sit here and guarantee to you that the state will actually do all this in the timeline of the current legislative session. So we said all along that there's always a possibility that this goes longer, we hope not. But there's a possibility. So that’s the sequence as we see it, Ali. Maybe more detail than you wanted.
Pedro J. Pizarro: I think the short answer is that that was going to be in the details and we need to see actual steps taken before we can answer your question, Nick. Maybe there's slightly longer version of that is, there's a lot of pieces here. We pointed consistently though to the important need to address the issues around defining prudency which we believe is best done by linking at the compliance for CPUC approved wildfire mitigation plans, I mentioned in my remarks the analogy to the energy crisis, that’s how the state reformed its way out of the energy crisis by setting up a very similar structure that has survived very well for today. So that is really job one, right. And then linking cost recovery to that kind of framework. Wildfire fund is an important addition to that, but in our view you really need to solve the core problem. Now what you saw the problem through what we’ve been advocating here, that the framework I just discussed, where you saw that further upstream through maybe changes on the inverse condemnation strict viability standard. You saw that through court action in response to the judicial proceedings that Ali was asking about earlier. Lots of different ways to get there, but we believe you need to solve that core problem of ultimately cost recovery. Now once we see any and all of those steps, we can make judgment calls as to how much of the risk has that mitigated for investors and therefore, how --- what action can we take regarding the 6% adder. It could be one that maybe this is a great package, resolves it and we could actually pull request entirely or might be either it happens more gradually and we take steps along the way.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And Jonathan, just on that, I think it served our investors well that we had that kind of philosophy for many years. And dry powder is a good thing and I think continuing to have that sort of prudent approach at the HoldCo will be part and partial of how we think about this.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yes, we have to give you precise numbers. If somebody has them in the room, but typically you will see its -- typically you will see changes between initial proposed decision and the final. I can tell you this every time, but it's not uncommon to have some level of changes already to the final. And, Michael, we are certainly going to be advocating for that, particularly given some of the core policy things that, I was mentioning earlier in my comments, we will certainly have strong comments about some of the changes we believe are needed.
Maria C. Rigatti: Thanks, Pedro. Yes, Angie I think that’s exactly right. We want to be flexible, we want to be disciplined, while the cost of capital proceeding has not yet been completed. Obviously, we’re in the early stages still. We want to be efficient and we will be measured in our approach to our financing plan. So we think that the ATM program initiated in 2019 really gives us that flexibility. We can meet those objectives. We can also move incrementally and address the need, while we’re still monitoring the process, the regulatory framework, how that proceeding itself is moving along. So I think that’s -- we’re trying to get at all of those objectives in terms of our financing plans.
Maria C. Rigatti: Well, certainly the equity layer is aimed at and sized towards the additional equity layer that we’ve requested from the CPUC, that’s for sure. Obviously, they haven't approved it yet, that’s why we’re taking a very measured approach in terms of the issuance and as you pointed out, potential for dilution.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. Great question, Praful. So we definitely want to share with folks about our financing plan is for 2019. I don’t think we’re going to get pin down to exactly when we’re going to do, particular things and we did share with you that we just close the term loan at EIX on Friday. But I think once we share with the plan, the precise timing of the plan, I think is subject to a lot of different factor.
Maria C. Rigatti: So -- hi, Ali. It's Maria. The financing plan we talked about today is really aimed at the increased equity layer that we’ve requested from the CPUC and growth capital at SCE. So that's really what this plan is about. I think we will evaluate additional considerations as we move forward in time and find out frankly the answers to the type of questions that you just posed in terms of what’s happening on the wildfire front. In terms of internal programs, I would say you probably think about $50 million or $60 million a year. I mean it vary. We have had some years that are higher, some of the years that are lower, frankly.
Maria C. Rigatti: So when we filed our 2018 GRC -- that was back in 2016. We actually -- our program was a little bit different, but the allocation of insurance premium to wildfire policies was for the 2018 year about $75 million. That would then be subject to nutrition mechanism for the subsequent year. So $75 million plus, some sort of escalation for 2019. So it's in that ballpark. And then depending on what’s finally authorized, then the amounts above that subject to our belief that they’re probable of recovery would be deferred into a memo [ph] account that we already have available to us. And we will then go in subsequent to that and then move straight to the commission if they’re reasonable for recovery.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yes, so I think you have to put the bar at some place -- the pieces of the bar at some place. I will say, when we start the -- initiating the thought process, we’re thinking about what equity does that you need for the increase in the equity layer and then how much equity you need to provide for that. But you’re right, cash is somewhat fungible. And we’re trying to be flexible not only -- and balance not only in the types of products that we use, but then also the timing. We actually created a plan that gives us that flexibility in terms of timing, that’s why we did the term loan. So things coming in and out, you will see us pay down the term loan at the parent company, contribute the additional equity into SCE, that’s generally we’re trying to balance, flexible and give ourselves the right run way.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yes. I think, Jonathan, that we’re really focused on right now solving or addressing the issue around the increased equity layer and the current capital investment needs at SCE. I think as we go forward, a lot of other things have to be taken into consideration before I can answer your question more definitively. Right now we have a lot of cash flow tied up in, for example, insurance. Once we start getting a recovery on that, that will have an impact. We will have to look and see what our 2021 GRC looks like and how much investment we have in there and the levels and the timing of that. The proceedings that our outside the GRC are also very impactful. So I think, as we go forward, we will be able to provide you some more information, but I think right now its early days.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yes, I wouldn’t say a maximum. I would say more around the philosophy. So we’re trying to, as we always have, maintain a strong resilient balance sheet. So that will continue to be one of our objectives. Obviously, there is the -- the current situation in California and people, the credit rating agencies' perception of California plays into that. As we move forward in time as we get more revolution around the wildfire issues, that could change as well. So I think it's a philosophy as much as anything else.
Maria C. Rigatti: No. I think Jonathan what we’ve talked about last quarter is objectively verifiable evidence or precedents, if you will. There could be things that come out, we’re just going to evaluate it every quarter. I wouldn’t say there's any one particular thing that’s sort of the go, no go decision on that.
Maria C. Rigatti: There were a number of things that the commission decided, in the proposed decision in any case, that they did not want to authorize. A lot of it relates to a few infrastructure programs, overhead conductor program, our 4 KV substation elimination program and corporate real estate. So a lot of that is in here. Separate from that, your question about what prior spending as an example was disallowed. If the PD is authorized as it stands today, we’d have approximately $185 million after tax disallowed from prior periods or prior spend. So I think it ranges across those various things, but those are the major point that are affecting rate case.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yes, it's a program that we are not authorized as we carry them forward due to the attrition mechanism.
