W. Scilacci: This is Jim. I'll start and I'll pass it over to the utility to further elaborate. Really what you're seeing is what we expected to occur because the way the rate case rate works last year, where we got the revenues that have curtailed the expenses. There was a pick up in the first quarter of last year, so the earnings were relatively high but the expenses have been curtailed. Meaning if you roll forward in the 2010, there was an escalation that was expected for our own and expenditures. And so when you look quarter-to-quarter, you get this funding results. And so again, we reaffirmed our guidance. It shows the numbers that we're expecting to track, so I don't view it as a surprise.
W. Scilacci: There was another factor, Lasan, last year because of the slack demand, prices went pretty low in the first quarter of last year prior to some transmission-related congestion points that were affected. The prices and ultimately the generation come at -- and we just haven't seen that magnitude of the congestion that was experienced last year. There was a transmission fix that was put in. I think it's helped overall but it's really hard to tell exactly how you break out all those individual pieces.
W. Scilacci: I think the markets are very competitive and you'll probably see a little bit more activity from the investor on utilities doing things directly versus contracting with others. And the other thing that the factor that helps in your PPA pricing is the price of turbines are well off the levels that were at the peak in 2008, probably 10% to 20%, maybe 15% less than the peaks we saw about 18 months ago.
W. Scilacci: It's a factor. How much you place in each one, we're seeing different places in each market. If you'll ask out for what's happening in California about when it's very actively had the RPS requirements they have to meet and they're continuing to have RFOs [Request for Offers] for renewable generation constantly, so it's state by state.
W. Scilacci: It's a 10-year contract, Terran, so just work backwards. And there is an escalation that's embodied in the contract and that information is not public. It's confidential between the parties. But I can generally tell you, there are multiple components, there's a capital component, labor component, fuel component and it's weighted. So that's how it works.
Theodore Craver: There are a couple of things going on here. So it's within our range and as you look at our hedging program, we tend to hedge more on peak and we're well protected there. And what we also, at last year put on a large off peak position too and those hedges are performing well now with these lower prices that we're experiencing in April. And the last thing this all suggest is the level of trading activity has been solid in the first quarter.
Theodore Craver: I think the range is still consistent with our expectations, so that there's no further changes there.
Theodore Craver: We don't talk a lot about what we're paying for coal. it's all bundled in, and you can see the average realized prices. And some of the factors that are playing here that you can see where prices have gone are emissions. Emissions have dropped dramatically and that affects the overall margins that are realized associated with the coal position.
Theodore Craver: There's a couple of questions embedded in there. In terms of how we think about it, we do think about all of these decisions on a unit-by-unit basis. Number two, the technology, the particular FGD technology that we've been looking at, we believe from a technical standpoint works well with the low sulfur coal that we use. The issues that remain before we can really be conclusive on our decisions around the proper technology selection for SO2 removal, really have to do with financing and have to do with whether we're comfortable with the trade-off between operating expense and capital expense. And then most importantly, we want to make sure that we have a solution that's durable from a regulatory and legal standpoint. So those are the kinds of issues that remain. And at this point, we really think we have a specific point in time that we expect all of that will be resolved but we continue to work it.
Theodore Craver: That's way too complicated for this call. But I think what I would leave you with is the same statement we've made before. We're not going to make investments, unless we can satisfy ourselves that we can get that capital returned. And the investment decision often ends up circulating around, should we put the capital in, get that recovered in a reasonable timeframe given the life of the plants. Can we get a reasonable return on our investment and how does that compare with the alternative, which is fundamentally to shut it down.
Theodore Craver: Certainly, not betting the farm here on a single price point or expectation of prices. We're really looking at a number of sensitivities, a range of outcomes. And while you focus a lot on the power prices, and that is certainly one of the most important elements. There are also important element around the cost side including potential carbon prices. So there are many factors that go into this, the power prices perhaps are dominant but by no means the only variable.
Theodore Craver: This is Ted, I'm afraid I'm not going to give you a very satisfying answer. We just don't speculate on potential M&A activities.
