Maria C. Rigatti: Ali, this is Maria. Hi. So we provided the guidance – we wanted to update guidance to incorporate the discrete items around the share-based compensation tax benefits as well as the SoCore impairment. We've included a new guidance from the get-go earlier in the year, the $0.31 of operational benefits and financing benefits. As we continued through the year, we're going to keep an eye on all of those things. And as we get through the summer period, we will revisit that and see if we need to make any adjustments. But for now, I think that's where we are on guidance.
Maria C. Rigatti: We are, you know, doing the work that we've been doing every year. I think that we are looking at continuing to find ways to keep the O&M costs, et cetera, in line. And I think as we get through this period, we're going to take another look at guidance and we'll be back to you with that.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yeah. I think where we are right now, Ali, is in the middle of – or we're probably closer to the end of evidentiary hearings. We did file our rebuttal testimony which had some updates in it. At this point, we would be anticipating that we would make updates when we would get a proposed decision or final decision.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. And Praful, so you know the scale of businesses currently is not material relative to the rest of the company in terms of use of proceeds. We would see what happens at the time we completed a transaction if we do. But I would say, you can think about it more like general corporate purposes as opposed to anything else.
Maria C. Rigatti: So there's two pieces to the answer, Michael. This is Maria. The first piece is just what you said, the FERC spend doesn't actually close until after the forecast period, so you wouldn't see it in rate base until after that. So that's one piece of it. The other piece of it around the CPUC spend is that this is – 2017 is authorized, 2018 through 2020 is part of our rate case. As we get a final decision in the rate case, we will be rolling through any changes to capital and to – et cetera.
Maria C. Rigatti: So correct, the whole $400 million is not FERC, by the way, but yes, we'll get AFUDC but that's the noncash aspect of it. Yes.
Maria C. Rigatti: I think from a planning perspective, it's a little early days to identify that sort of need. SCE has a fair amount of flexibility built in at the operating company level, so it has that extra layer of equity. But it also importantly has a very robust – or ability to have a very robust short-term debt program, so (33:44) program, which it can utilize to fill in the blanks as well. So we'll have to really see what the cash needs are at the utility, and since they have so much flexibility I think it'd be premature to estimate that.
Maria C. Rigatti: So some of the things that are going on in Q2 this year actually relate to the SoCore impairment. So you'll see that we took a $10 million after-tax charge, about $17 million pre tax. And so that's embedded in the Q2 results for EEG, which is probably throwing you off in terms of making the quarter-over-quarter comparison. So far, year-to-date, I think you will see EEG as performing – absent the $0.03 impairment, EEG is performing consistently with the guidance that we provided.
Maria C. Rigatti: So I think that when it comes down to that comment about whether or not the asset is held for sale, you know that it's a relatively straightforward assessment of whether or not you think it's probable within the next year that you'll sell the asset. If it is, you give it that categorization. In this instance, since we're just starting the process with SoCore, we've just retained someone to help us on that process, we don't have enough market information to know if that's going to be the decision. But clearly, we are evaluating that option in a very serious way. So I think it's really sort of how the accounting works, and our actions are really, going forward, I think, indicative of the fact that we're taking seriously the process.
Maria C. Rigatti: So it was. The change was related to the benefits that we received from the share based compensation. I would say we're still in the same place we've been historically, that $0.01, $0.015 per month for the holding company is the right zone to be in.
Maria C. Rigatti: I think we've just started the process of exploring a sale so I think it's probably premature to assign probability to non-zero probabilities to outcomes.
Maria C. Rigatti: Anthony, it's Maria. I think you're kind of talking about like underneath Edison Energy, the various service lines that we have, if one or the other is driving some of this. I think we think of some of those service lines really as a whole. They are sort of the first step in providing the types of advice and advisory services to the commercial and industrial customers that we have. And then layered over that is another service line, portfolio advisory services. So I think we think of them that way. We've already gone through an assessment of other aspects of the Edison Energy group businesses. So we talked earlier this year about water, about transmission, we talked a lot today about SoCore. So yes, those pieces have been evaluated, Edison Energy and its service lines we will view as more holistically.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Ali, let me take the first part of that and then turn to Maria and Ron Nichols for a second. On the possibility of settlement, we're not really handicapping the possibility. We acknowledge that there's been discussions. We don't have a comprehensive settlement at this point and we're focused on the hearings. We'll always remain open-minded but not really providing any sort of handicapping or probability of assessment.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah, I'd say it's more the latter. I think that we are, and as I – I think I mentioned in my comments, we think this is an interesting business and one that we want to prove out. I'm honestly a little worried that by the time we get to the September meeting, some of this might be anticlimactic because maybe (27:38) rocket science. But we're hoping to give you some just interesting way points in terms of more of the proof points that we see for the business and the time scale for getting it to earnings neutral, which is sooner rather than later, but we want to give you some more context around it and also some more views, some – what the long range potential scale can be for the business. And so we want to make sure we set expectations right here. We're excited about it. We've got a lot of work to do. And we have a business to prove out and so the discussion will focus in filling in some of the blanks that we haven't been able to fill in to-date, and provide some of the metrics and milestones we'll be using, so – because we had an interesting discussion, but I also don't want folks to think there's a big cliff hanger or something like that. So it's not quite (28:31) here yet.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And maybe one thing to add, I know you've heard us emphasize before, as Maria said, there's a number of tools that we could use to address that as we get out there, and as we see what actually gets approved in the rate case. But even in the bookend case, well, we got everything that we asked for, we still don't foresee any need to issue equity at EIX level to support the SCE capital program. So that – I think you've heard us say that before, but it's an important part of the message. And by the way, Michael, nobody's laughing at you inside the room. This stuff is complicated.
Pedro J. Pizarro: I'll kick it off by saying that it's probably hard to speculate where any one intervener is coming from, and I think we're focused on what happens in this case. The other thing I'd throw in here is that as we move forward into future rate cases, I'm not even sure we would have a separate grid modernization request. Grid modernization – but the grid will be becoming more modern, and so the kind of design principles we've embedded in this particular request, I think at some point, whether it's a next rate case or maybe the one after that, will get more and more baked into our overall request. Because that'll – we will be doing all the grid modern as opposed to having a separate grid mod request. In terms of what drove the change in our update, and I'll turn it over to Kevin Payne here in a minute to give you a little bit more color, but it really was about the fact that with the benefit of an extra year and a half, couple years, and the fact that this stuff is all, frankly, fairly new in terms of design and we have some pilots, et cetera, we knew a lot more than we wanted to bake into the updates. So it was something we did on its own standalone basis as opposed to connected any sort of discussions. So, Kevin, more detail (36:35).
Pedro J. Pizarro: Continuing to operate the business. I think with our strategic review, we're looking at a sale option, but we're also looking at the areas of emphasis that we have today, and do we want to turn the knob up on some of those or turn the knob down on some of those. Today, as you might recall, the business has really largely started by developing projects for commercial and industrial customers. The business has also added on community solar projects, looking at potential for other places that it could play in solar. So it's a strategic review just looking at where it can play and whether that should change and then having that view of how we would optimize the business and how we would maximize the values with EIX as the owner versus if somebody else who might be able to optimize that and signal through their response in an exploration of a sale.
Pedro J. Pizarro: As I mentioned in my remarks, the whole process for the mediation is confidential so I just can't comment, unfortunately, on the prospects for the meetings or the like. Let me just reiterate what I said before that we've approached this proceeding fully and taking it very seriously. And at the end of the day, if we and the other parties involved end up agreeing on a revision to the settlement that we think is in the interest of our customers and our shareholders, then we are certainly intellectually open to that and we'd be looking at that in the context of the various other alternatives outside of a mediation process including the potential scenario of returning to litigation. So we take it pretty seriously, and unfortunately that's about all we can say at this point.
Kevin M. Payne: I would just add that there has been a bit of an education process, and we'll see how that plays out in the process, but it's making sure that the parties are aware that grid modernization also has very significant reliability and safety benefits in addition to what it does for distributed resources.
Kevin M. Payne: Yes, sure. That's right. I mean, we -- I think there are two elements to this that we talked about before. There is a lot of education going on to get the interveners and the Commission itself to understand what it is that needs to be done, and then secondarily, in what timeframe? And as we've looked at our proposal more deeply and done more analysis over the last year and a half, as Pedro said, we've identified a few areas where we thought we could actually push some of the modifications out. One that comes to mind is our sub-transmission relay replacements. So we know that that will need to be done eventually, and we know what it is that will drive it, and largely, the penetration of distributed energy resources and other things. But we have identified a different timeframe that we could do it in. So I think it's really about educating people about exactly what it is that needs to be done because some of the design features that we're proposing are new. But as Pedro said, in the next case, they will be our new design and we'll be continuing to implement that across the system.
Kevin M. Payne: I agree. And maybe I could just add a little to that. The technologies that we're using in grid modernization are not unfamiliar ones. We have a certain level of activity there today: substation automation, distribution automation, things like that. Some of the larger grid management computer type systems are new but will ultimately have to be built out anyway. So part of grid modernization is implementing familiar technologies and emerging technologies and doing it at a pace that we think will support the state of California's goals. If the Commission doesn't see the full extent of our proposal, it doesn't favor the full extent of our proposal in grid modernization, we will still consider and use aspects of those technologies to accomplish our safety and reliability goals such as focusing automation on our worst-performing circuits to improve reliability and those kinds of things. So we'll work within the authorization that we have, and we'll continue to advance the technologies that we implement on the grid.
