Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Ted. And welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also here are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-Q, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Ted, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions. 
Sam Ramraj: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and please call us if you have any follow-up questions. This concludes the conference call. You may now disconnect.
Gregory Gordon: Thanks. Good afternoon and best of luck to you and the communities you serve in getting through the fire season without any further hardship.
Gregory Gordon: Yeah. I think investors, if you could, would just like to know – like, remind us what the timing is if we go down the litigation path to getting a resolution in lieu of a settlement.
Gregory Gordon: Got you. Thank you. A lot more questions, but other people I'm sure behind me. So, thank you. I'll hop off. Bye.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. Greg. If you recall, it's actually [indiscernible] CAL FIRE have issued a report on that fire. At one point, there's two ignition points they've identified as have we. The Koenigstein Road point is the ignition point that we had said in the third quarter. Our equipment was involved in that, and the report that came out from the fire authorities is consistent with that position.  In the second report, which was a second ignition point, they've also identified or have alleged that our equipment was involved in that second ignition point. We do not agree with that. There is publicly available radar evidence that shows smoke at least 10 minutes or 12 minutes before there were any anomalies on our system, and so that's an ongoing point of – or discrepancy between our position and theirs.
Maria Rigatti: Julien, I'd just say, you know the dividends here in California, in addition to the retained earnings test, it's an ability – or likely to meet obligations as they come due after paying the dividend. And I think Pedro is exactly right. Our work…
Maria Rigatti: Our ability to maintain a strong balance sheet has helped us in the past to maintain our dividend. We don't get ahead of the board on this, but certainly that strength is something that allows us to continue to say that our dividend payout policy and 45% to 55% payout ratio is one that we know is important to investors and we're keeping that front and center.
Maria Rigatti: Maybe I'll focus on the first part of your question, first. We do see, in the near term, a need to make sure that our balance sheet is as resilient as possible. In the near term, as we work through some of these wildfire issues because, as you know, I think the rating agencies have responded well to AB 1054, but I'm sure they are still looking at implementation questions and speed and et cetera. So, it's not always going to be just purely a metrics issue for us. And so, that's why we have the philosophy that we put forward for everyone that we're going to take a balanced approach, which means the combination of debt and equity. I think we're always going to be trying to manage that, Ali, as we understand sort of the impacts of doing that. On the one hand, keeping the balance sheet strong; on the other hand, kind of maybe creating a little bit more of a disconnect for folks. But we're going to keep all that in mind as we make our decisions and we'll have more on the financing plan as we go into next year.
Pedro Pizarro: And, Greg, and I might just add, and I think we pointed this out in the Q, no metal fragments were found in the investigation report. So, some of the evidence you would typically look for just seems to be absent. There is no appeals process or anything like that for CAL FIRE reports, and so really ultimate liability will be sorted out through the litigation process.
Pedro Pizarro: So, Adam, can give you some – Adam Umanoff, our General Counsel, can give you some dates in terms of dates set by the court for the litigation process. I don't think that we can give you anything concrete in terms of the possibility of what timing will be for settlement, but, Adam, let me turn it to you.
Pedro Pizarro: We can't comment on what's in the report beyond what we said already because of the court seal on it. So, sorry, we just can't give any more insight. However, we continue to state, as I did in my script remarks, that we see no basis for felony liability.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. That's correct, Steve. Let me put it maybe more affirmatively. If we had seen something that we thought was a significant, compelling information that we didn't have before and that we thought changed the low end of the estimable range, we would have done that.
Pedro Pizarro: Sure. Let me start by saying that we managed this for both transmission and distribution lines. I think the history we've seen of ignitions in the past is that the vast majority of ignitions, connected to utility equipment, have been on the distribution system. In terms of the process we follow, the overall process, I think, is similar. We have a mapping of our high fire risk areas. We have risk models around the potential for impacts in those areas. We have a mapping of our distribution and transmission circuits and then we have criteria around things like wind speed and humidity and fuel content, right? How much vegetation is around the ground that could turn into fuel, for example. So, those all form baseline criteria. As we then apply those to distribution versus transmission equipment, the difference is that typically transmission towers and that equipment is just a lot more robust, typically has broader clearances around it, and so you will typically see, for example, higher wind speed thresholds applied to transmission lines than you will see to distribution line just because there is a lot more mass to move up there and it's just a lot more robust in that sense. Beyond that, obviously, if you take out a transmission section through PSPS, there is a likelihood that that will have a greater impact in terms of number of customers that are de-energized. Fortunately, I think with our system and with our topology, the area that we serve, we have seen much more PSPS activity on the distribution system than transmission, although we've seen some on transmission. And then, with the distribution system, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, one of the benefits there is that because we had been investing for a few years now in dividing up circuits, adding switches and reclosers to sectionalize them – I think I mentioned an average of four isolation points per circuit in our HFRA, or high fire risk areas – that allows us to more finely tune what portions could be energized as we get closer to the event. So, rather than just do a broad-brush of the distribution circuit level, we can actually – if we determine that it's safe to leave part A of a circuit up, but we need to take parts B through D off, then we'll do that. The final thing I'll mention that – maybe a little more detail than I said in my remarks, when we set our forecast, so I mentioned the 72-hour notification to agencies, followed by the 48-hour notification to customers, et cetera, that's all based on forecast. We do not de-energize based on that 48-hour forecast, right, because if we did that, I think there will be a much broader set of customers likely who will be de-energized. We continue to monitor conditions through our telemetry, our instruments as well as observations on the ground, all the way down to the moment when we de-energize and that allows us to be a little more tailored in our ability to manage the risks here. If we see a need to de-energize, you can be fully confident that we will de-energize. But if we see that there isn't a need, then it's good when we can relieve those customers of that impact.
Pedro Pizarro: I think the words I used were 2017 and 2018 fires, which is Woolsey and Thomas as well as the mud slides.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. That's a great question. I think my snap answer with a little more detail to come, as usual for me, is that the AB 1054 framework is a solid framework, right? I mentioned in a prior call, it probably doesn't have everything we would have desired, but it was a compromise and, on balance, we think it was a good workable compromise. So, our focus now is primarily on the implementation of AB 1054, a lot of pieces that have to fall into place. As I mentioned in my remarks, we've seen a number of those already take place that have activated the wildfire fund. But there's more work ahead, including fully staffing out the wildfire safety division and wildfire advisory board and some of the other bodies that were specified in AB 1054. In terms of the size of the fund, I think investors and analysts and we have all identified all along that one of the features of the fund or the legislation was it did not set up a replenishment mechanism. And I know that's been a big focus for everyone. Assuming the PG&E is able to successfully emerge from bankruptcy by June 30th of next year, the size of the fund will be $21 billion, which the analysis from some of the state entities involved with the legislation suggested that that had something like a 94% confidence of surviving for a 10-year period. And in kind of rough numbers, it would cover something like $45 billion worth of gross damages. So, that means that there is durability for some period which – but if you go by that analysis, then probabilistically speaking, the high confidence that would last for at least 10 years, and then that would provide time for all of us to continue to harden our systems.  Clearly, if there were catastrophic fires that depleted the fund, then I think the state would need to do more work legislatively to figure out how to replenish the fund. Beyond that, I think we've acknowledged there might be additional modifications needed to AB 1054. We don't have any to point out at this point. Just going to leave that open as a possibility as we get deeper into implementation steps and how well the mechanics work.
Pedro Pizarro: I think the broad-brush answer is that if PG&E were not to participate, then, clearly, the fund would not have that portion of the contributions, but it also would not have the risk of a 70,000 square mile utility with a lot of high fire risk territory. So, I'm not sure I have enough of a crystal ball to tell you whether the math ends up being a little positive or a little negative on that, but I think it's important to acknowledge that with the lack of participation also comes decrease amount of risk being covered by the fund.
Pedro Pizarro: Yeah. Let me parse it very precisely because this stuff is important. As I recall, these fire investigation reports, the ones you've seen in public typically will have a list of potential section of code that could involve violations, that kind of thing, right? But I think it's fairly standard that they said less in the reports.  We've also acknowledged that – our understanding that the Attorney General's Office [indiscernible] for the investigations in both of those fires, Thomas and Woolsey. But as we look at the facts, we continue to see no basis for criminal felony liability. And so, that's not a statement we take lightly and we just don't see a basis for that. The fine parsing I make is that there is a difference between – certainly, there is the space of criminal violations, the space of determining legal liability and the space of PUC's determination of prudency. They're related, but they're not the same. We continue to do our investigations on both of the fires. I don't think we've commented on prudency yet. We have commented on the fact that, prior to AB 1054, there is some question about the – or uncertainty about CPUC determination of prudency as we saw in the San Diego Gas & Electric case. And so, that's why when we took the $1.8 billion net charge, we did assume recovery from FERC for the FERC jurisdictional portion, but we did not assume recoveries from the CPUC. That's not to say that we have a basis to say we were imprudent or we were not, we haven't commented on that, we're still doing the homework on that, but it was more about the fact pattern that we saw in the San Diego case up until the point where AB 1054, importantly, reformed the cost recovery standard. And frankly, I know there's been a lot of focus on the wildfire fund and the liability cap, but, in our view, that redefinition of what prudency is and how the PUC needs to look at that in the context of cost recovery is a very important part of AB 1054.
Pedro Pizarro: Again, let me answer it this way, be very thoughtful here. We have not put up on our own any estimates of what the damages might be for the 19 events. I think, as you look through at the overall scale of that and you compare it to our $1 billion net of commercial insurance, $1.2 billion minus around a couple of hundred million of deductibles and co-insurance, certainly, it seems that the scale of the insurance programs we have appears to be larger than the scale of the events we have seen in our area. And so, that's what we see at this point.
