Scott Cunningham: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon everyone. Our principal speakers will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ted Craver and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jim Scilacci. Also here are the members of the management team. The presentation that accompanies Jim's comments, the earnings press release, and our Form 10-K are available on our website at www.edisoninvestor.com. After the call, we will be posting Ted's and Jim's prepared remarks. Tomorrow afternoon, we will distribute our regular business update presentation for use in upcoming investor meetings. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the future outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During Q&A, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I'll now turn the call over to Ted Craver.
Scott Cunningham: Just the other thing, just to remind everyone, we had already taken SONGS out of the rate base at the time of our announcement. So it has been out for some period of time, so the rate base comparisons are apples and apples.
Scott Cunningham: Thanks very much, everyone, for participating, and if you have any follow up questions, you know where to find us. Thanks very much, and have a good evening.
Jim Scilacci: I’ll start out, then I’ll turn it over to Pedro for some additional comments. So the filing is coming up in the second quarter, or the first part of the third quarter, and we have a series of questions that PUC has asked us to address. A lot of them are really what’s happening in the system and how we plan to address it to encourage and incorporate more distributed energy resources in a distribution system. At least the initial filing is not an investment filing. It’s really a description of what needs to be done, and from our view. Others will have, I’m sure, different views. We will subsequently follow that up with probably some type of application or alternatively, we’ll include in our 2018 general rate case request the actual expenditures associated with this new plan. And from an overall perspective, stepping back and thinking about our capital expenditures, we’ve said that capital expenditures on average have been running about $4 billion a year. And we don’t want to suggest that these new programs either will take it up or drop it down. We think that generally going forward capital expenditures will stay in that same zone, even with these new initiatives. So I’ll pause there and turn it over to Pedro for additional elaboration, if you’d like to add anything.
Jim Scilacci: We can’t. We have the general rate case. We really have to answer that first question, how the PUC establishes the authorized level of revenue requirements, then we’ll have an opportunity after that to come back out and give you our views on what it could be. But I just want to emphasize, we will continue, as I said in my script, to look for opportunities to reduce our costs.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah, I think that’s what we’re strongly suggesting you go towards, because you have visibility on rate base and rate base growth, and then return on common equity, obviously, is not changing. We’re not changing the share count. The energy efficiency is going to be somewhere in that 3% to 5% range, and we won’t know until later on in the year if there’s an opportunity for anything beyond that, or the hurdle that we’re going to have to climb over. So I think that’s the best and safest way to do it for now.
Jim Scilacci: I think we’ve indicated that the parent spending is a little over a penny a month, and we see that’s probably the appropriate level. And what’s been happening either tax benefits or sale of property through Edison Capital has come through. And we don’t forecast the Edison Capital side. It’s more serendipity if anything else. So I think it’s better to look at the actual run rate of costs, absent these other things.
Jim Scilacci: So, SONGS doesn’t come out of the regulatory capital structure until after we did the financing. So it’s included in the 48.4 that I mentioned, and now it comes out when we do the financing. And the financing wasn’t completed until January, so when we release first quarter earnings, you’ll be able to see the actual equity ratio based, say, on SONGS.
Jim Scilacci: I think what we’re attempting to say, and I struggled with it in an earlier question, my response was I think the $4 billion is probably in the right zone, and we’ll just have to see how things unfold. If you go through the piece parts, distribution has been stepping up in the total level of expenditures over the last several GRCs, and we’re still working to get our replacement rates to levels that we think we need to be at to maintain the reliability of the electric system. So you could see distribution step up somewhat more from where we are today. Transmission is related to some of these large projects that we have flowing through, and we had very modest transmission spending in years past, and that stepped up as a result of all the renewable interconnections that we were doing. Generation has typically been a very small part of our overall equation. It was really just replacement capital expenditures, mainly at our nuclear plants, and it’s dropped down to maybe about $100 million a year. Going forward, we’ll have to see, as we lay out the distribution resources plan, how significant and how fast the commission would want to move to make some of these improvements. We’ve put out numbers on the electric vehicle charging. It’s approximately $350 million over a multiyear period of time. There’s some storage expenditures. So I think it’s best and safest to assume that that $4 billion is probably the appropriate level until we can get more information in the public domain.
Jim Scilacci: It’s a good question, on breaking out the separate segment. It’s too small now to justify doing that. We tried to provide, when you look at the K, some additional information in terms of the investment levels. But a little bit more than $0.01 a month was just in totality on a normal run rate basis, and it excluded activities at Edison Capital, which are very hard to forecast or predict. So without Edison Capital, and any other tax benefits, we think in the normal course, we’d be hitting about a little over a penny a month. So you can do the math there, and it’s consistent with what we’ve said in the past.
Jim Scilacci: Good question. There’s many parts associated with that, and I think when you have a chance to take a look at our K, there’s a full description in our disclosures that breaks down the piece parts. But we’re hoping, if the commission renders a final decision in the 2015 ERA proceeding, which is before them now, that we should be fully collected in our under-collection by year-end. And the piece parts coming to help that are the rate increase and the SONGS settlement allows us to transfer some of the over-collections to that under-collection. And another critical piece is our decommissioning decision, because we had dollars that were spent for decommissioning, but once we get approval to get access to the decommissioning trust, we’ll transfer those dollars over to the ERA under-collection. And hopefully by year-end, we’ll be in good shape. And obviously, the thing that’s going to change that up or down is what happens with gas prices. And based on the forecasts we used for 2015, I know for a fact that we’re probably under-running the actual expenditures, because we used a higher forecast than gas prices are right now.
Jim Scilacci: Well, some of it’s just moving from one side of the pocket to the other, because we had the dollars sitting, and then we just transferred over as part of the SONGS settlement. And some of it we have commercial paper borrowings to support the under-collections. And those will go to [unintelligible] those short term borrowings. Net-net-net, we probably won’t have much in the way of excess cash. We’ll have excess equity, as we talked about, from the SONGS regulatory asset financing. But most of the cash is going to be used to pay off other things that are maybe outstanding or help to fund capital expenditures going on in the utility.
Jim Scilacci: Yeah, that’s a good question. We have outstanding a $400 million note that comes due I think in 2017, if I’m not mistaken. And we’re considering what to do with that now. We added additional commercial paper borrowings and obviously note payables to the EME creditors. The total obligation was $600 million. We paid $200 million. We’ve got two more payments of $200 million in September this year and September of next year for $400 million. And the whole source of repayment for the majority of the borrowings we have outstanding today really will be from the monetization of the EME tax benefits. I said in my script, we’ve got $1.1 billion of NOLs and tax credit carryforwards, and if we don’t get an extension of bonus depreciation in 2015, likely SCE will be fully taxable as it runs off its NOLs, and it will be then paying taxes to the federal government. Bonus doesn’t apply to state government, State of California, so we’re obviously paying taxes for the state. And then we’ll start rapidly amortizing EME benefits. One of the wildcards here we’ll have to consider, and Ted mentioned in his comments, if we do get resolution of the SONGS litigation with MHI, we would look to take an abandonment loss in the year that’s resolved. We have to file a private letter ruling and we’ll take a writeoff. And so that could affect the full timing of the monetization of the tax benefits, but I think it’s going to take it out to 2017, possibly in early 2018, and fully amortize off the $1.1 billion of EME tax benefits.
Jim Scilacci: So, the full case is before the commission. The hearings occurred in January, and so it’s off to the ALJs to draft a proposed decision. Included in the case were some O&M savings that we identified as we were preparing the case, and we’re proposing that we would share 50% of those potential savings. And beyond that, I can’t comment. I don’t know what the commission’s going to do, or what the ALJs may propose, and we’ll just have to see how it ultimately unfolds. But one point I just want to emphasize, we will continue to look for cost savings to try to improve our efficiencies.
Ted Craver: I’ll take a crack at this. Very broadly speaking, as I kind of indicated in my opening comments, we see the potential in the competitive businesses to serve customers outside of the 50,000 square mile territory of Southern California Edison. Most of the work that we’ve done up to this point has been focused more on commercial and industrial customers outside of the territory. Second to that, I would say, are various potential electrification initiatives. So these would be projects that would further electrification. We think that actually fits into a lot of the effort across the country, but particularly here in California, to move towards a low carbon economy, moving towards higher levels of electrification in, say, the transportation sector, goods movement, water, some of the other areas. All of that helps move the economy towards a lower carbon footprint. So those are kind of the second bucket of areas that we’re continuing to look at. Final point I’ll make is we’ve tried to be fairly high level about the things that we’re looking at on that side. I think you know us well enough by now, we don’t like to come out with a lot of fanfare up front. We’d rather see what we can deliver and then talk about that. So at this point, most of the effort is on the distributed generation activities around SoCore and how that fits into our kind of broader strategy on the commercial and industrial customer side.
Ted Craver: Let me just throw in one other piece. I think a big consideration here is how fast you want to move towards modernizing the grid, converting it from largely an electromechanical system to a more digitized system capable of two-way flows of electricity, so on and so forth, all the stuff you’ve heard us talk about before. If you envision doing that over a three to five year period, then I think you’ll probably be looking at higher numbers. If you envision doing that over a five to seven year period, it tamps it down a little bit. If you envision doing it over a ten year period, more modest yet. So I think a big component of trying to sort this through is the pace with which these investments get made, not just the absolute number.
Ted Craver: You’ve put your finger on a really good point. I think we’ve tended to think of it more in terms of what I would call the sustainable or durable earnings. It’s always hard to predict, certainly 2014 was a good case of it, just how much you’re going to have in the way of some of these other earnings points. And of course I guess it’s possible you could have years where you end up having some of the more unusual items that work against you, but fundamentally, we kind of look at it as the core earnings power of the utility and the dividend is tied to SCE’s earnings. It really is the rate base model. So that’s the way we tend to look at it. All of that said, you’ll see continued significant growth in rate base and therefore we see good growth in earnings. And in order to move the payout ratio up, we expect the growth rate in dividend increases to be higher than the growth rate in earnings. Otherwise, we won’t make any progress on moving the payout ratio up.
Ted Craver: Well, of course I won’t take the bait to pinpoint where it will be inside the 45% to 55% payout ratio, but that’s the target that we’ve had, and I think we look at all of the factors, including what do we see the forward run rate in rate base growth, because that’s really what will drive earnings. And as I’ve said, we see good solid growth in rate base, therefore earnings, therefore dividends.
Ted Craver: In terms of affecting the business, I would say it doesn’t really have a significant effect on the business. This is a fairly arcane area, but I would just say generally speaking, the ex parte rules, particularly on matters like the San Onofre matter, the OII, that’s really designed to provide equal access to all parties to the proceeding with equal time. So I think one of the misconceptions in something like SONGS OII is that you’re precluded from having conversations. You’re not. It’s just the rules are designed to make sure that if we have conversations with decision makers, that those are noticed, that we include in there how much time we spent with which decision maker, so that all the other parties have the equal access, equal amount of time. That’s the whole concept behind it. So I don’t see any of this as hurting the ability to do business. It’s complicated and cumbersome, and sometimes kind of difficult on the interpretation of some of the specific provisions, but fundamentally, when we have proceedings before the commission, we follow the rules, we go about doing the business the way it’s really set up to do it. There’s plenty of opportunity in all of those proceedings for all parties to be heard. That’s kind of the point of having these things before the commission. So I don’t see any big element there. And I got so warmed up on that part of the question, I forgot the second part of your question.
Ted Craver: I don’t see it. I mean, I’ll choose my words a little carefully here. We are pretty soon going to be in the third month of 2015, the GRC was supposed to be completed at the end of last year. Just like three years ago, we’re already now well into the next year. That makes it a little more complicated to run the business, but I don’t see that as being the result of ex parte stuff or any of that. That’s just the process of getting through a very complicated proceeding, like a GRC. So I would say generally, I don’t see it having any big impact.
