Ted Craver: Greg, its Ted. In terms of as that caused any kind of interruption and the business we have before the CPUC, I think probably the best thing I can point to is, the ongoing general rate case activities I think I mentioned in my comments that we are actually just finished up evidentiary hearings as scheduled. So at least from what we can see, there seems to be really something that's primarily focused on the San Bruno item as opposed to the activities that we have before the PUC. So we are certainly trying to make sure that all of our personnel know what's expected of them in terms of proper conduct with the PUC. We have compliance program. We have training. We have kind of redoubled efforts along those things just to make sure that that's very present in everyone's mind. But, beyond that really we are pretty much in business as usual.
Ted Craver: It's creative. On the dividend, I mean I think everyone knows we have typically looked at that during our December Board meeting, but there is no such schedule to it. And that's something that we really leave for the Board to make a decision on and kind of the normal course when they have all of the facts in front of them. So there is a general practice, but no such schedule.
Ted Craver: Yes. There is always, I guess I will say unpredictable pluses and minuses. So what we really tend to do is just make it straightforward. It's based on the rate base that's really the durable growth and the durable earnings power of the company. And that to us seems to be the appropriate way to kind of think about the 45% to 55% payout ratio. Obviously, like in the case of this year, if you have additional earnings from taxes or whatever it maybe, now that just builds your equity and makes it stronger balance sheet from which to finance the type of significant electric infrastructure investments that we see in the future as suppose puts you in better financial strength and our balance sheet strength provides I think more certainty that you can manage the growth in electrics infrastructure investment without having to tap the equity markets, which as you know is something we've really try to keep in balance.
Ted Craver: Well, certainly not in a place where we think we would have something to disclose about it. But, we have indicated previously that competitive transmission, if you will, FERC order 1000 base transmission projects is something that we are seriously considering and looking at. We have a subsidiary that we've formed Edison Transmission, which is really to explore those possibilities and should something come together then we, of course, would have more to say about it. But, at this point, I think like most companies out there, we are looking at it, trying to assess where the opportunities are. We have ourselves kind of organized to go after these things in a logical way, if we see good projects that make good sense. Then presumably we would go forward and those.
Ted Craver: This is Ted. It's going to be difficult to really speculate much on this. We were currently of course focused on trying to get to the 33%. And we have procurement efforts and the like to get us there. Whether this becomes something that either the Governor's Office or legislator just want to look at that's really hard to predict, I'm not aware of any specific bills that are being put together or floated at this point. So it's really just hard to speculate on it.
Jim Scilacci: Greg, this is Jim. What we will find on doing is, putting out a schedule that shows the energy efficiency potential earnings. This is on the public domain, we are just going to put it on a schedule where you can see which year was earned from and when we expect to receive it. That will be one helpful bit of information. But beyond that we won't predict shorter general rate case decision, if there is any potential O&M or tax benefit that could result in future periods. We would assume as a working assumption a lot of that is past back as part of the rate making process. And we will need a decision before we can really O&M in that number.
Jim Scilacci: That will probably be as part of our February where we could come out with our year end earnings. We will provide that information. Most of it's already in the public domain. We are just trying to get it so people can see it in one place.
Jim Scilacci: So the return on the debt in 50% of the preferred that's what I was referring to for the $0.03 positive with the assumption we will get a decision.
Jim Scilacci: We will reset. As we said before a couple of years ago when this got started that the rate base is going to be readjusted and the debt and preferred and the common will now be based on the actual rate base. And we wouldn't expect that we have is separate SONGS item ongoing.
Jim Scilacci: This one has been periodically, its hard to predict. We had some earnings going out from Edison Capital. Remember, we have been liquidating a low income housing portfolio there and it's hard to predict and we don't forecast earnings coming from that and periodically we get some earnings. So that's the primary reason why the parent other was down this quarter. But, that's what we said and I will keep by that statement that it's roughly it's a little – it's a little over $0.01 per month in cost from the holding company only.
Jim Scilacci: Hugh, its Jim. Across the board a lot of different things going on, higher revenues, labor expense, its lower tax expense for related benefits. It's a lot of little things and remember we had higher severance expense last year lower this year. So the year-over-year changes had a factor on it too. So it's a number of different things. We have been predicting all long that there would be savings coming out this year that we will pass back as part of the rate making process that we are just seeing higher level of savings than what we had originally anticipated.
Jim Scilacci: Well, what I did say in my script that we will continue to look for cost and service improvements. The key thing that's not available here is, in terms of what the commission decides is going to be the O&M levels and our spending levels for 2015, 2016 and 2017. What the attrition mechanism might be for 2016 and 2017, those unknowns. So I think that's why we have been taking you back in my comments for 2015 guidance was, the one thing that we have a higher degree of confidence around is the rate-based forecast. And that's the true driver of earnings and we may have some transitory earnings or potential losses depending upon things how they evolve in both O&M and tax benefit. But the rate base is the true one guide towards a future earnings.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. Julien, its Jim. It's a good question. We concluded, Ted said today, hearings. That was an important milestone. And the next real key thing we got coming up, we have update hearings unless they change them in January, don't we Maria, Pedro? That is the last bit of information where the update for known changes that have occurred and there are some hearings around that. And then you got to get into filing your briefs and your closing briefs, reply briefs. And then it's on to the judges for drafting of the proposed decision. Normally just if you go back in prior years, the update hearings were typically in November of the year. So it looks like we're at least two, maybe three months behind just from looking at that schedule. But, I can't predict once we turn it over to the LJ's how long it's going to take them prepare the proposed decision. That is the key unknown. Your second question, thank you for keeping to two. The capital expenditures, part of what we do is, we look out over the three year period and we tend to send our capital expenditures, so we can have a steady state of work. If you go back and look over the last couple of years, we have been challenged to ramp-up our capital expenditures to reflect the level that was authorized and it had a lot to do with getting the crews in place in order to get the constant steady state of work. And we are trying to maintain that constant steady state of work without dropping back to a lower level of capital expenditures because we don't have certainty. So our view is, if they do come in, in lower capital expenditures, you can adjust your rate of spending in the prior year, so beyond 2015, so 2016 and 2017. So we have some flexibility around and how you schedule things over that three year period. But, we were trying to maintain a level of overall expenditures at this higher level because it really reflects a lot of work to get the crews ramped up to where we are today.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. I think that's how we are going to operate the business. We are going to launch our O&M spending obviously because O&M is different and capital – three years to deal with capital. We only have one year for O&M. So we are very much carefully watch our O&M. But our capital, we want to maintain at the levels we have identified in our documents.
Jim Scilacci: So really it's just part of the rate case process, no update for – they are looking at forecast and they look at some actuals because they will be able to go beyond them. The record doesn't close until next year. And so you would expect them to pick-up a lot of the factors that we have this year. And then, whatever they decide from there it's hard to predict at this point in time. Well, where they will set the actual level of O&M until you actually get a proposed decision on a filed decision.
Jim Scilacci: So we said, we had some specific things that we have identified as part of the rate case process. And we offered those up as part of our showing within the rate case and said we will share 50% of the savings. And I also said that we will continue to look for additional cost savings. And so that's – so those are the facts as they are today.
Jim Scilacci: I don't know if I can answer the question Michael. You have to go back compare. We have been driving the O&M down. And as I said in my prepared comments you are taking SONGS out and we are taking Four Corners out and so you would expect based on that the trajectory is lower. But trying to line it up exactly, I don't think I can do it right here.
Jim Scilacci: So I understand the crux of your question in terms of where we are spending relative to what's in the GRC. It ultimately then goes to what they authorize.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. I didn't give a lot of details. You didn't miss it. We see additional repair deductions. So when you have work like pull loading or infrastructure replacement, you have repair deductions. You get faster deductions for tax purposes. And we are continuing to see those come through and we have been running behind in terms of what are our original expectation was in that area. We see additional property tax reductions. There are a number of different taxes here. Cost of removal deductions, so there is a number of different pieces here, so it doesn't add up to one item being large but all of them together selectively made a significant change from what we had previously forecasted.
Jim Scilacci: There is more the nature of what the capital expenditures are. It has to do with more of our expenditures and as we are – we are ramping up now for infrastructure replacement and pull loading expenditures qualify for repair deductions and cost of removals. And we are seeing details relative to what we had in our forecast in the current year receipts. So that's why you are seeing these earnings pop out for this year.
Jim Scilacci: Of the $1.10 and I don't know if I could break it out completely. I can give you some numbers that we have seen previously. We said back in the second quarter there were $0.23 of earnings that were outside of our guidance. You can back into that from that number. And beyond that its more difficult to break it out by quarters, what was in the third, what we anticipate being in the fourth. But, the closest I can give you right now, Ali.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. There are some changes going on as I said in my prepared comments, we are shifting dollars out of 2015. And so they are going into 2016 and 2017 and there is a net increase in overall capital expenditures because we have a new program for converting mobile home parks from master meters to individually metered mobile homes. So its affecting both capital then ultimate rate base.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. It's hard to – it really has go into how that actual closings are being forecasted, so as we have capital expenditures and then ultimately closings and how it relates to rate base. So I don't have any further detail I can give you on that that could change periodically.
Jim Scilacci: Yes. We haven't put out a forecast or rate base real figures. What we have been trying to indicate that $4 billion year capital expenditure is kind of like the sweet spot. Ted has mentioned that previously. And so we see infrastructure replacement going up in spending transmission has come down a little bit. And we have some of these other initiatives that are on the periphery, the horizon that we were thinking about now that could affect our overall capital expenditures beyond the 2017 timeframe. So I'm not trying to go to higher net of level capital expenditures. And I'm not providing you actual CAGRs and you would expect as the base gets bigger your CAGR will probably come down slightly just from the math on.
Jim Scilacci: I think it's a good question. I think the timeframe maybe out slightly as you get into when those might take effect. And obviously, you have to file an application, the application is going to take time to process. And I couldn't anticipate that it would be well in the 2016, potentially 2017 before you actually see spending from either of those two initiatives. And so it's hard at this point in time to forecast that it might push it higher than where we are forecasting today.
Jim Scilacci: Angie, its Jim. I don't think we can speculate on that. Of course, if it were appropriate, we would enter in discussions, but we can't comment beyond what we know now.
Jim Scilacci: Travis, this is Jim. We have been forecasting and signaling clear that we would expect the tax benefits we realized during this year see to go back to customers. And that's a part of the rate case process. And so we are not indicating that would expect earnings from tax benefits going forward.
Jim Scilacci: Sure. They will just for the benefits, yes, they will take it away, lower the revenue requirement, already incorporated in our GRC request.
