Maria C. Rigatti: We usually think about effective tax rate at SCE at 20%, and then a percentage or two lower at EIX, so that really should be how you're thinking for the next several years.
Maria C. Rigatti: Sure, so Julien, we actually will file – for our 2021 GRC, we will file a similar filing next year. It's part of the process as it is unfolding. I think, from a safety culture perspective, we actually already look at all of our capital through a safety lens and are determining all the time, with or without the ramp, whether or not we are appropriately addressing all of the safety concerns and the safety needs of the company. So I would say, you'll continue to see us have that focus on infrastructure replacement, which has both the safety aspect to it as well as the reliability aspect to it.
Maria C. Rigatti: No. Actually, all of the benefits from the exercise of stock options are now in the results for the first quarter. So that reference to the $0.10 variance and the $0.13 for the entire company on a consolidated basis, that takes into account all of those exercises through March.
Maria C. Rigatti: Well, actually when we included it in guidance – in the original guidance, it was on the basis of option exercises that had already occurred, so they were in Q1, we knew about them.
Maria C. Rigatti: Right. It's always – you can't really predict when people will exercise, so that's what we have through the end of March.
Maria C. Rigatti: The rate case filing is just a little bit more complicated just because there's a lots of puts and takes when you get into the RO (36:16) model, but from a forecasting perspective that's an appropriate number.
Maria C. Rigatti: Well, the biggest reason is really the property-related deductions, so the tax repay reductions, bonus et cetera.
Maria C. Rigatti: Over the last few rate case, I think you know, the percentage of the CapEx that was authorized was, I'll say between the – approaching 92% in the last rate case, high 80s in the one prior to that. I think, you often do see some give and take over the course of the litigation of the proceeding, so that – where people first start in terms of their testimony when they're intervening may not be where we end up. But it's hard to say, this is a new proceeding from the perspective of – we've added the grid modernization expenditures. And so, we'll have to see how that turns out, and it's one of the reasons why we didn't provide more boundaries around the outcomes as we have in the past, simply because it's a new type of investment or a different approach that we think people will review the testimony on.
Maria C. Rigatti: We definitely would be using the same assumed rate of return in testimony, based on our authorized rate of return, they may have some differences just from modeling issues or they may have adjusted some things due to, for example, things like customer deposits. So when you do the math through, it looks like a different calculated number. But I think the going in assumption on ROEs and cost of debt, et cetera, would be the same.
Maria C. Rigatti: It was really all generally related to grid mod, it's related to both the portions related to the 2018 spend, but the results of 2017 spend that we had sort of the pre-test year spend on grid mod that also affects that number.
Maria C. Rigatti: So I think, Praful, you know that, we're always working on reducing O&M costs, affordability, operational and service excellence there, it's really key components of our strategy, because we need to manage customer rates over the long-term. So we're always going to be looking for those improvements, when we get to the beginning of a next rate case cycle, things that we've accumulated over time, we're going to return to the customer, but because we have to always be working in order to get them, you'll kind of see that happening periodically up until the point, and get to the rate case and then again after that we'll continue that work. When I mentioned the $0.06 quarter-over-quarter change in O&M, this quarter that's obviously – reflects a lot of our operational and service excellence, initiatives. I was just noting that, not to extrapolate that to a trend line for the year necessarily, because you can have timing of initiatives that vary year-over-year, sometimes work happens in the latter half of the year as opposed to beginning of the year, but we have embedded in the guidance that we've given that $0.31 of combined efficiencies and financing benefit. And so, that's kind of where, I think, I would land at this point.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yeah. So we had about $79 million of legal expenses that we – in total, a portion of which we had already recovered, and so the remaining amount would be about $0.09 we'd mentioned in the fourth quarter call. To the extent we realize that, that would be a core item.
Maria C. Rigatti: I think we'll still be looking at the status of whether or not the CPUC has determined reasonableness before what we do that.
Maria C. Rigatti: That's our 2017 ROE, we're going to file it later this year for 2018. So the 2017 number has already been fully litigated and negotiated; we'd have to go back at the end of this year to get a new arrangement.
Maria C. Rigatti: No, the variances I was referring to were quarter-over-quarter, so year-over-year not relative to guidance. But the guidance that we gave had actually $0.31 of total benefit, we're continuing to work towards that, and extracting that value over the course of the year. So, it's two different, I'll say, comparison points.
Maria C. Rigatti: It's $6 million, so it's roughly $0.02 or so. It's – as you know, there's no – as I noted earlier, there is no quarter-over-quarter variance, and that's consistent with the guidance that we had for the year as well.
Maria C. Rigatti: Yeah. So we don't forecast sort of where we'll end up in terms of debt either at SCE or at Edison International. Right now, we're about 12% of the consolidated debt as a company, and we think that we're managing to a reasonable level. We're fairly conservative about the SCE and the EIX.
Maria C. Rigatti: We just termed out. So that's about right. I should go back and double-check that, it's about right. All right.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Hey Ali, it's Pedro. I don't think we're in a position to speculate on timing, what we've done is, we've provided visibility to the three sessions that are coming up in June. But just don't want to speculate or presume that we get resolution to these three sessions or one or two of them, the parties decide to go into more sessions, so the parties decided to have mediation, it's not going to work out, so just want to stick to the timeline as we've given it, and not speculate further. Hope you appreciate that.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Again, I'm not going to be able to give you any sort of quantification of probabilities left or right on that. I think, what we said before, and would reaffirm now is, certainly open to that. The PUC staff set a schedule for the first set of settlement discussions. So we'll take them seriously, and see how it goes. So now, certainly intellectually open to that, but not in a place where we can give you a probability in either direction.
Pedro J. Pizarro: All right, Julien. Let me start with the SONGS piece, and turn it over to Maria or Ron Nichols for the ramp question. On the SONGS piece, kind of similar to the answer I gave Ali, don't really want to speculate on where this may go. I think, answering your question head-on, I think anything is possible. Parties could decide that they want to continue discussions. I'm not aware of (31:09) a predetermined drop-dead date or what have you. So I think we'll leave it fairly open at this point, and see where it goes. Let me turn it over to Maria on the ramp question.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So, still same comments that we made last time around, we've given folks visibility into the costs for 2017, $0.25 guidance at the total holding company level, $0.08 of that is Edison Energy, and then we will be coming back sometime in the fall with comments on the broader business plan. And that we do expect to be able to provide some insights on, at what point we would get the business to or expect to get the business to breakeven. So nothing new to report there yet. Look forward to chatting about it in the fall, Julien.
Pedro J. Pizarro: ...in my comments, and we view the settlement as a very fair one. TURN, ORA, the utilities all agreed to it, and importantly, there were simply no comments from anybody else in the proceeding. So there was no stated opposition to it.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Of course as I also said in my comments, I don't think, the PUC has made any public statements about the reason for the withdrawal of the PD or what the timing will be for next steps. We are staying tuned in that regard.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And just to put an accent on that, when you think about it, Kevin Payne, and the team at SCE, at any point in time, I have a dozen or more different individual projects going on in areas of opportunity. So that adds to the rationale behind Maria's point about, this is not a simple linear process, there's real work underlying it with implementation steps that have to be taken.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. Thanks, Praful. I'll take this one, and I think, you'll hear a repeat of similar comments I've made in prior earnings calls, general comment with Mr. Cunningham sitting here next to me, where he usually reminds me that, that we don't comment on M&A. And then, I might go further and just say that, as we look at the environment, it is an environment where we are fortunate that we have these strong organic growth opportunity that we do at SCE, some not all, but some of the transactions that we've seen out there have been expensive acquisitions done by folks who don't enjoy the same sort of organic growth opportunity, so we don't feel any pressure to go pay the heavy premiums that you're seeing in the current market, in order to go chase further growth. That said, you never say never, always we remain open to understanding the landscape, but it'd have to be at a value point that is different from what we've seen in the market recently. And finally, if you'll ever see us do a transaction, it will be very well considered in terms of not only the valuation aspects, but the actual real work behind the transaction, which is the integration aspects. That's where you see a lot of deals goes out, and when you actually get real people and real teams together, and have to merge companies, and having done some of that in my days as a consultant, we know it's very hard work.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Just on that point that, you might have seen, I think we talked publicly about couple of projects we did at two of our utility owned peakers, where we integrated 10 megawatts of battery storage into each of those 50 megawatt peaker projects. And to Ron's point, that's the kind of flexibility that's needed because more and more gas isn't about meeting peak demand, it's about meeting the ramps in the much more volatile California system.
Pedro J. Pizarro: The GRC decision is where we expect to get firm guidance on re-modernization by way of what approval that we get for the grid mod request that we made there.
