Adam Umanoff: Hi, Julian, thanks for the question. I really can’t give you much additional detail. As MHI did last year, they felt an obligation under the Tokyo Stock Exchange rules to make a comment with respect to their view of their exposure under the arbitration. We can’t comment or confirm anything they’ve said in that filing. We are operating under a confidentiality order in the International Chamber of Commerce litigation that really precludes us from making any substantive comment. Sorry I can’t give you any more information.
Adam Umanoff: Jim, you’re exactly right. Steve, briefs were filed in July. The ball is in the court of the assigned commissioner in the ALJ to decide what to do next.
Adam Umanoff: No. Thanks, Jim. You are exactly right. It really is difficult for us to speculate on what the CPUC might do.
Adam Umanoff: Brian, it’s Adam Umanoff. Again, we are operating under a confidentiality agreement. What we can tell you is that the hearing ended at the end of April of this year, and we are expecting a decision as soon as the end of the year although it could be later. Other than that I can’t give you any specifics about the process or the substance.
Ted Craver: Julian, this is Ted. I will wade into that nice easy question. I think we’ve been fairly open with investors over the years about our prospects, and in a weird way, the most difficult element is we have tremendous growth prospects here at Southern California, Edison. Our organic growth and the expected CAGRs from rate base and ultimately earnings really make looking at other utilities outside of our territory as more often than not, looking dilutive either to the underlying strategic approach that we have which is, as you know, a wires based focus or a delivery of electricity focus rather than a heavy involvement in some of the other parts of the business, or dilutive from and earnings growth perspective. As a result of that, we have continued to focus primarily on where we see the best opportunities and those are really our organic growth opportunities. I ought to keep it at the 100,000 foot level. I certainly don’t want to engage in speculation on any specific thing.
Ted Craver: Yes, I will maybe use some slightly different words but capture the same themes. What I was really trying to do in the prepared remarks is keeping this thing simple. You should expect in our 2018 General Rate Case to see expenses kind of in two very broad buckets. One bucket is what I will call pretty much the traditional meat and potato type investment request that we make every General Rate Case. That covers kind of standard stuff, infrastructure replacement, expected demand increases on certain of our circuits, new connections, so on and so forth. When you take that chunk, together with the things that aren’t in the GRC, such as the Charge Ready program and FERC jurisdictional transmission spend, you should expect to see a number, generally in the neighborhood, maybe a little bit higher than what we have traditionally kind of talked about. I will just call that broadly the $4 billion plus type of base number. Then, there is a second, smaller bucket that you will see in the 2018 General Rate Case request which will really be the first attempt to try to put some specificity around what is required to really modernize the distribution system such that it can facilitate the states carbon reduction goals and customer choice on technology, so distributed energy resources. That is a lot harder for us at this early juncture to be able to handicap what of that would ultimately be approved. There is kind of the standard stuff which, when you lump it together with transmission spending and the like, it is going to look pretty similar to what you have seen in the past from us, maybe a little bit higher. Then there is a new layer of stuff that really this rate case will kind of start that conversation about, what that might look like and that would be additive to that kind of base level. So this is what I signaled last earnings call and what we have elaborated on a little bit more in this earnings call.
Ted Craver: I did not go into that again, here, on this call, but last earnings call, I made a fairly involved discussion about what has been the pace of electric rate increases relative to the pace of underlying consumer price index increases. A lot of this depends on what year you are starting with and what year you’re ending with. But as I said in the last call, whether you looked at the 1 year, the 5 year, the 10, the 20, the rate of increase in customer rates, the system average rate has actually been at or below the rate of inflation, the Southern California area CPI. I remember the 20 year number because that is probably the most relevant one. Over the long-term, that CPI increase from 1995 to 2015 was 2.4% Compound Annual Growth Rate. The rate of Increase in electric rates over that same 1995 to 2015 period was 2.0% Compound Annual Growth Rate. As it demonstrates, over the long haul, we have been able to manage the price of electricity at or below the rate of inflation and that continues to be kind of our overall goal. You will have periods where you get more of a surge. You get other periods where you end up consolidating some of those increases, but the key, I think, over the long haul is to have the price of electricity stay at or below the rate of inflation. That is our overall goal. That remains our goal.
Ted Craver: This is Ted. I will do something really quick here. I think most of the focus most recently has been on SoCore, so that is our solar distributive solar generation company, and Edison Energy which is the new venture that is focused on providing energy services to commercial and industrial customers. I think at this juncture, we may have made some comment about this in the last earnings call, but I think we feel encouraged based on customer reaction to the launch of Edison Energy, the CNI energy services business. This is not one of those things where it is going to get built overnight. This is going to take some time. There really isn’t, as we see it, at least, there isn’t a category out there that addresses the market that we are trying to create, so it is going to take a little bit of time, but we are encouraged based on customer reaction, and we are encouraged based on some deals that have been coming in the door the last few months. I will just leave it there. I don’t think you should expect we will be providing something every quarter on this. It’s probably more likely to be maybe a couple times a year as this thing progresses.
Ted Craver: I’m really sorry, but for some reason your microphone is kind of really breaking up. I did not catch much of the question.
Jim Scilacci: So everything has been filed that was required to be. Adam, I will throw back out if there is anything more that’s yet to be done.
Jim Scilacci: So what I think I’m indicating is that we had more expenses in the first half of the year and you pulled out, we said it was $0.18 in total for the first half minus the $0.04 for the essentially the one-time item that gets you to $0.14. I am suggesting, I think I was trying to get to it in Steve’s comment and question that we’re going to have more revenues in the second half of the year. It’s going – I have indicated it’s going to be slightly above the $0.18 for the full-year, but it’s not going to be that much above.
Jim Scilacci: It’s an ongoing process. I think when we started this four years ago there was a lot to be done. If you just looked at our headcount there has been a lot of reductions over the last four years compliments to Ron Litzinger and the effort he started and continue with Pedro. And there’s more to be done. What we keep finding when we do these benchmarking studies, those in the first quartile keep getting more competitive. They continue to reduce their costs. So, the job for us is there even greater to keep up with them and then the close in the ranks, because our goal here is to get to first quartile. So there’s more to be done, and we have indicated it in our guidance for this year and we’ve indicated there will be some earnings from cost reductions next year, too. Of course, we pass that back as part of the 2018 GRC, and then we start it fresh looking for cost reductions.
Jim Scilacci: So what will happen on September 1, we will file our application with the Public Utilities Commission. In concurrent with that, Brian, we will put out an 8K providing additional information. We will probably pick up the capital expenditure forecast and the SCE rate base forecast, and it will cover the periods 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020. So you have the full view in terms of, and 2015, obviously, was authorized. It’s just a base to start from. So you will have the full five-year forecast, and we will probably provide some additional detail in terms of some of the major components and the potential impact on bonus depreciation. So we are still developing that, but the current plan is to provide it concurrently with the GRC.
Jim Scilacci: Yes, it has nothing to do with renewables. It has everything to do with the process of getting approvals through the regulatory processes we have to jump through. And this is all in the public domain. It is hard to track every single one of these projects that are working their way through. But we are working through it, and as Ted said and I said, we firmly believe that these projects are going to get built. It is just hard pinning down the exact time frame given the regulatory hoops we jump through.
Jim Scilacci: So the best thing we can guide you to is, if you go to the business update, there is a document in there that’s the DRP capital expenditures estimates. There is an 2018 through 2020 period expenditures. What Ted’s comments were, we will roughly, there will be some changes, obviously, but the magnitude will generally be in the dollars that you are seeing in this chart on Page 18 of the investor update.
Jim Scilacci: Not at this time. Obviously, if there were recoveries, it would be excess equity based on the sharing arrangements associated with the settlement, and then we will have to decide if we’re fortunate enough to get in that position what to do with the cash.
Jim Scilacci: Praful, the connection is very bad. I have a call with you after the conclusion of this, and we will just follow-up with that question so we can get it clearer for you.
Jim Scilacci: Mike, we are going to have Ron Nichols from the utility answer that question. He is responsible for all our regulatory activities at the utility.
Jim Scilacci: Mike, related to this, and Ted mentioned this in his comments, is the memorandum account that we just recently filed. We want to spend some capital and O&M dollars, especially next year. It is really hard to step up in a material way to ramp up a program, and you need to do it in steps. That is what that memorandum account is really designed to do, to get us going and then give us a running start into the 2018 GRC period. That is an important milestone. What the commission does with that will be an important thing for our GRC.
Jim Scilacci: We are going to give Ron Litzinger, the present of Edison Energy to give you a sense of what the background was, and I will pick up the core versus non-core.
Jim Scilacci: Thanks, Ron. On the broader question of core versus non-core, given the size of this, there is a number of items that we have during any year where there are questions whether if it is recurring or non-recurring. We would just rather keep it in core and identify it. If it is large, discrete, or if you sell a business or when we shut down SONGS, those things are clearly in our view, non-core. These ones are, we just prefer to keep them in core and identify them as such.
