Sam Ramraj: Thank you, Ted, and welcome, everyone. Our speakers today are President and Chief Executive Officer, Pedro Pizarro; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Maria Rigatti. Also on the call are other members of the management team. I would like to mention that we are doing this call with our executives in different locations. So, please bear with us if we experience any technical difficulties. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. These include our Form 10-K, prepared remarks from Pedro and Maria, and the teleconference presentation. Tomorrow, we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call, we’ll make forward-looking statements about the outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. During the question-and-answer session, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I will now turn the call over to Pedro.
Sam Ramraj: Ted, please open the call for questions. As a reminder, we request you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so everyone in line has the opportunity to ask questions.
Sam Ramraj: So, that concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us today. And please call us if you have any follow-up questions. You may now disconnect.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So, Jonathan, you can imagine, as we move through this process, we're accumulating legal and expert costs. Because those are legal and expert costs that are associated with the non-core charge, we're booking those as non-core as well. Prior to this quarter, the number was really not significant.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. Thanks, Julien. And last quarter, while we didn't provide a bridge, we did reaffirm guidance. Obviously, now we’re raising low end of the range a little bit as well. But, last quarter, what we were really saying was, the piece parts could move around and that's why we didn't provide the bridge. I think, as our team continued to move through the process, we have more clarity on what those pieces parts are. Obviously, we have the memo accounts that we set up related to COVID expenses, we have decoupling, we have all of those things in California that provide us with confidence. So, I wouldn't point to anything necessarily being different other than that with the passage of time that granularity is more apparent to us.
Maria Rigatti: So, you’re right. We do have a lot of cash tied up particularly in those wildfire mitigation memo accounts. I think, the regulatory asset that we have on the books this quarter is just more than $1.1 billion. So, it's a fair amount. We have been moving through the process on various of those proceedings. GSNIP [ph] has been approved and the settlements has been approved. The WEMO [ph] we’re expecting that decision in September. That's the one about the insurance proceeds from last year. So, we're moving through that process. We do think that that's moving through timely on those requested amounts. It’s important to maintaining our cash flow. And those are some of the -- that's one of the assumptions that our 2020 financing plan was predicated on. I think that from a rating agency perspective, the COVID-related items, they understand very well the strong supports that we have in California, both the trackers that we have as well as decoupling. So, as sales vary that we will cover that as well. So, I think that is something that they're very familiar with and think highly of, frankly. On the memo accounts of wildfire mitigation, I think demonstrating that we can get to other decisions behind this will be important. And I think that really was one of the important assumptions that we made in our financing plan for this year. We'll continue to look at that for next year. And as we get that cash in the door, obviously our metrics will improve.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So, you know that in California, there are some rules around dividend payments, which some of them are I’ll say very standard, earnings tested, et cetera. And then, also around, largely following the payment of dividend that has an ability to meet obligations as they come due. And we've been evaluating this forever before the wildfires as well, because that's been part of the course for a long time. But I think it got a little bit more attention after the 2017-2018 events. We look at a wide range of really potentially negative outcomes to ascertain the answer to that second question. And we've been in position each quarter to think about that, both at the EIX levels of common shareholders but then also in between SCE and EIX. SCE also is looking at cash flows and the like and exact timing of their financing. So, there's a little bit of just I'll say, the day-to-day cash management that comes with accounts as well, but they routinely make dividend upto the parent company. As far as CPUC goes, obviously CPUC is looking to ascertain that they are living within their own capital structure and the like. And we've always been able to do that as well and I think we’ll be able to do that.
Maria Rigatti: Sure. So, I mean, obviously we did $400 million of holdco couple of months ago now, more than couple of months ago now. And that completed what we had announced for 2020. Not surprising to anyone on the call, EIX has been trading light of other entities. And I think that's a reflection of what -- a lot of what happened last year or even prior to [indiscernible] passed. So, we do we do have to deal with that. I'm hoping that as time passes, that will also change. Obviously the underlying treasuries are pretty low right now. So, that's a benefit when you think about the total coupon. I think as we move forward in time, Michael, like any company we’ll be trying to balance timing to market, short and long-term interest rates and the like. I would see us on a go forward basis, just making that decision to move from a short-term position to a long-term position based on what’s going in the market and working into the company. In terms of the overall debt at the holding company versus the complex, obviously, we're going to be thinking about that in terms of also keep an eye on the rating agencies. Obviously they're looking at holdco debt relative to total debt. And so, we'll be staying within those guidelines as well. So that's kind of the thought process.
