Scott Cunningham: Thanks, Brandon, and welcome, everyone. Our principal speakers will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ted Craver; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Scilacci. Also here are other members of the management team. Materials supporting today's call are available at www.edisoninvestor.com. The key items are Form 10-Q, Ted and Jim's prepared remarks and the presentation that accompanies Ted's comments, Jim's comments. Tomorrow afternoon we will distribute our regular business update presentation. During this call we will make forward-looking statements about the future outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries. Actual results could differ materially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. Please read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measures. During Q&A please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. I'll now turn the call over to Ted.
Scott Cunningham: We'll continue to follow the proposed decision, until we get a final decision. And then we'll look at what the terms are and adjust to the final decision.
Scott Cunningham: And probably just remember, as Jim said in his remarks, so the FERC spending is being pushed out, so you would model it later. After the current forecast period, you see it picking up in 2018 and beyond.
Scott Cunningham: Thanks, very much, everyone, for participating and don't hesitate to call us if you have any follow-up questions. Thanks and good afternoon.
James Scilacci: That's a good question. And it really depends on ultimately how things turn out. I can tell you, for repair deduction, that's been a challenging one for us to forecast accurately. And I wouldn't expect that going forward that you will see potential shareholder benefits from repairs. But there're other tax benefits we realized, so it really comes to how accurate we are forecasting our cost versus what actually occur, so there could be differences both, for or against us. And the other related piece is O&M benefit, that's the other companion we've been talking about this whole time, where I think in the proposed decision it was clear that, it left open the door that there could be incremental O&M savings that we could realize and we've said repeatedly that we will continue to look for benefits to reduce our cost for our customers.
James Scilacci: I think my answer around that was, around repair deductions, where I was talking about specifically, the proposed decision, I think effectively we'll probably capture those benefits. And there is also a balancing account that has been set up for our pole loading program, which a lot of the repair deductions are rising from. That's why these repair benefits have increased so dramatically over the last three years. So with that balancing account, there's not an opportunity for earnings or losses associated with differences from forecast. A lot of complexity there, sorry for all the -- there is still more to be written here until we get a final decision.
James Scilacci: To one's capital to one's closings, and they don't always line up exactly. And so really, when you think about rate base, it's what's close to plant. So forecast don't line up exactly.
James Scilacci: That was reverse. So they've taken out of the -- in the PD, they've take out $100 million of capital expenditures, which translates into $73 million of rate base. So it's lower, not higher.
James Scilacci: When you look at our forecast, they take the $180 million of customer deposits and reduce our rate base by that amount. And the bone of contentions is if there is not similarity of treatment among the three utilities, we seem to be treated differently, as a result of whatever reason. And then we've had this -- we keep raising this issue in the last several GRCs, and there is inconsistent treatment. We think that's unfair.
James Scilacci: Yes, it would be hard to characterize it completely; there was a number of arguments. But I think the simple argument that was made is that they set rates prospectively, so therefore how could it be retroactive ratemaking. We just fundamentally disagree on that point. And so that's something we'll have to figure out hopefully in the final decision that will address this issue. But we'll have to see.
James Scilacci: Well, we'll certainly have to look at it. It was obviously a sensitive issue in oral argument in our comments. And we'll have to see what the final decision is. And we'll have to see how it unfolds. Hopefully, they turn it around.
James Scilacci: In the course of action here, and I know Pedro talked about in the oral arguments and in our comments in the proposed decision that retroactive ratemaking, then you have a legal recourse. And there is a potential, as Ted said in his script, of a IRS issue, it's a normalization violation. So there is two different paths here that you might pursue. Hopefully, the Commission addresses that as part of the final decision, but we will have to see. So if it were adopted, and I think it was clearly in my prepared remarks, you'd have to take the $344 million off the rate base numbers for '15 through '17 to get back to an adjusted rate base approach.
James Scilacci: I guess, off the top of my head, and I'll hesitate and look at my collogues here. If we have a GRC decision, I think that's the critical piece we need to move ahead in providing guidance for '16. But I'll look at everybody else, I don't see the SONGS being a factor that would slow us down. And unless if they reject the whole decision, and maybe I have to go back and rethink it, but I think if we had a 2015 GRC final decision, we'd find a way to give guidance for '16.
James Scilacci: We're a little premature on getting to that point. We'll give you hopefully guidance, when we report full year earnings at the end of February. But clearly what I was trying to indicate in my prepared remarks, that you lose that revenue source and so there might be a little upward pressure at the holding company.
James Scilacci: So the guidance, obviously, Jonathan is adjusted to reflect what we think, based on the proposed decision the fourth quarter will be.
James Scilacci: I think our view was, we felt it was important to get something out there as a stakeholder, because there is going to be -- if you wait until you get a final decision, it's really not clear that what it's going to be and we wouldn't get yearend earnings out until February. We felt that it was better for investors, as Ted said in his prepared remarks, to give some clarity. And I think we gave through our guidance, you'll have enough pieces of information to make adjustments accordingly. And so we felt that was the clearest and fairest way for everybody to do this.
James Scilacci: Yes. It's a good question. I guess I would try to respond to it this way. If you kind of pull up from looking at one year versus the next year, any individual year, with just kind of the larger theme, the larger trends, as you know I tried to strike this theme consistently, we expect somewhere in this $4 billion-plus kind of annual CapEx. We expect pretty significant rate base growth. And we expect that as the base gets larger, as the rate base gets larger, we're going to have more cash flow. So we feel that we're going keep a good balance between solid annual CapEx and related earnings from a growing rate base, but cash to move us back in that 45% to 55%. Any given year, any couple of years, you might run a little harder on CapEx, you might run a little slower on CapEx that may give you on the margin a little more room to move on dividends or slow it down a little bit. But fundamentally, I think rather than try to pick it apart year-by-year that's the teeter totter. It's keeping CapEx in that kind of $4-plus billion range and getting back solidly. I think I use the term well within the range of 45% to 55%. So I wouldn't get too wrapped up on any one year movement. Both of those things are going to be really what we're focused on. And we believe as a result, we'll be able to provide investors with a higher than industry average growth rate in earnings and a higher than industry average growth rate in dividends.
James Scilacci: So what I said was the $180 million, the customer deposits, is already baked into these numbers. This is net of that. And what also, I said, and I think we have it here on the first pull it on the right, the $344 million rate base reduction for the repair deduction is not included in these numbers, is not. And so to the extent, if the commission were to decide to adopt it, then you need to reduce these numbers by the $344 million.
James Scilacci: Yes. So the only things that we haven't adopted from the PD are the tax issue, the $344 million rate base reduction. And the second thing is the SunPower termination payment for the solar panels. Those are the only two items we have not incorporated.
James Scilacci: Well, we're happy to have a further discussion, but there is a lot of moving parts associated with AFUDC. Historically, the way we've done this over the last several years, we assume that AFUDC earnings offset all the cost that aren't not recovered through the rate making process. There is executive compensation Board related cost, our corporate dues and philanthropy activities. There is a whole bucket of that costs that aren't recovered and we have assumed historically that AFUDC earnings offset those. And what can cause it to go up or down is the balance of what's in the account or the rate. So the rate can go up and down depending upon what's happening at any point in time. So I think for planning purposes, it's probably appropriate to assume that AFUDC will not come out again in the future in terms of providing the benefit and go back to that rate base approach as the core utility source of earnings and a little bit of energy efficiency that we've talked about repeatedly adjusted for the holding company cost to get you to a decent starting point.
James Scilacci: I don't want to be flip and say it is Wall Street long-term. But, I think it is appropriate to think through the 18 generate case cycle.
Adam Umanoff: No. Really we can't provide any additional guidance. We're operating under strict confidentiality rules of the International Chamber of Commerce proceedings. So you'll have to wait for a final decision that's announced publicly.
Adam Umanoff: Sure. And you're right. There are separate petitions for modifications and a request for rehearing, all of which are pending, and for which there has been no decision by the commission. I really can't tell you when to expect a decision. As Ted pointed out, we're hopeful that we'll see a decision later this year or early next year. Once that decision comes out, there will be an opportunity for parties to comment before it is final.
Adam Umanoff: Yes, on the petitions for modification, that's right, there will be a PD, a comment period and then a final decision.
