Maria C. Rigatti: Sure. So, I think in the past, we've said $0.015 per month. I think this looks more like $0.02 per month plus whatever Edison Energy is doing. Obviously, over time, the Edison Energy number is one that we are working towards a breakeven run rate by the end of 2019. So, that will be part of the approach to minimize that drag. And at the holding company, tax reform has had an impact on us, while we believe that from a deductibility perspective, we'll be able to allocate that expense, the fact that we just have less of a tax shield as a result of the lower tax rate is having an impact. We always look at operating cost efficiencies from the conversation we just had with them the remarks we just made that we actually benefit a little bit in the fourth quarter at the holding company from lower costs, but that will be our approach, the same one we've used at the balance of the company.
Maria C. Rigatti: I would just say, Stephen, I think it's something that the regulators really need to pay attention to. When we filed our GRC, people were very appreciative of the $85 million in O&M costs that we had taken out of the system and this sort of insurance premium completely swamps that. And it does get recovered in our general rate cases, we apply for that. So, customers will ultimately bear very high costs unless and until we can make people aware of the issue.
Maria C. Rigatti: Hi, Jonathan. I think, what I was really trying to say was that we have had a number of things that has impacted other companies as well in terms of tax reform and the like, and then we've also had some cash flow impacts from – assuming the SONGS settlement is approved, we have some cash flow impacts there as well. And we are waiting for our rate case to come and we have a number of other proceedings where we're also requesting capital. So, there is a lot out there and we're going to stay flexible in terms of how we finance that, either at EIX or at SCE, either with short-term debt or long-term debt. I think that's really all I was trying to say right now.
Maria C. Rigatti: Well, certainly, the settlement – all of the parties have agreed to support all of the elements of the settlement. The CPUC is going through their process. At this point, I think, it's too early to really speculate on that.
Maria C. Rigatti: So, it's a 13-month average that we have to maintain at 48%. I am going to say, round numbers, it's about – was it...
Maria C. Rigatti: It's more than $500 million. I think it's around $600 million. So I was just looking at some of the math here as we answer your question, Ali. It's around there. It's a little bit – you can't tie it down to any particular number like consistently, just because it's a 13-month average rolling calculation that we do. But it's in that ballpark.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So, again, I want to stay purposefully vague here. But we did say that we looked at – we did look at the potential impacts from all these things that happened. We're not commenting on causation or the like, but the Board did take a look at that potentially of impacts from these various events. So, I think we've taken a very diligent approach as directors, in looking at a lot of ways in which under California regulations and law and that could impact the company, and felt very comfortable about the rigor behind that broad look we took.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Adam, it's probably fair to say, it's a very much case by case based on the facts that investigators are pursuing.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Adam, maybe I would add and I totally agree with how you framed it, and these things are really a case by case, depending on the facts of any given case. If you move up, though, to the 10,000-foot level, I think you're seeing indications that, from a policy perspective, not from an individual legal strategy for an individual case, but from policy perspective, there is a lot of good discussion and coordination with our other peer utilities in the state, and you've seen – I mentioned in my comments, we joined with PG&E in filing the application for rehearing in the San Diego WEMA case. We filed an amicus in the PG&E Butte case. So, there's a recognition that the broader themes around policy and moving beyond just inverse condemnation there, the support for a number of actions across the economy, across fire prevention and hardening infrastructure, and cost and risk allocation, those are ones where that 10,000-foot level's so important that we be aligned, and we are.
Pedro J. Pizarro: So, again, this is one, where I think we can give you a sense that it will take time, but it's very hard to pin down here's the calendar or here's pacing (44:33) items at this very early stage. But let's take it in pieces. There are legal strategies. And so, those play themselves out in individual cases. And I mentioned the Butte case for PG&E or the Round Fire case, where we made our filing, right? So, there's a track around each of those cases. They say, did you see a regulatory track, right, and I don't think that we have a clarity yet in terms of a timing for the PUC to consider the various applications for rehearing in the San Diego WEMA case or in the PG&E WEMA case activity there. So, typical – looking around they're considerate , but typical CPUC timelines certainly can be in the many months to couple of years sort of timeframe. And then, finally, to the extent that legislative policy changes attract something that we're also looking at, that happens in cycles of legislative sessions. And so, we have a session that runs through later this year. It's a possibility of next year's session. So, I will tell you, we are certainly advocating about the sense of urgency on this and we would love to see a traction in this legislative session on some of these key pieces. But it's still early days and that's not guaranteed. As I mentioned in my comments that the deadline for bills has passed, but you can still get changes in those vehicles. So, there's certainly a possibility that as we continue to engage with legislators, we could see changes in vehicles that are available already and bills that have been filed. So, that could be a this year thing or it might take longer to help build the momentum and build the case. And that could extend into the next legislative session. So I'm sorry, I think I took a lot of airtime there to say it's too early to tell, but hopefully it gives you some color around some of the pathways.
Pedro J. Pizarro: And Ron, I think it's fair to say, I think, in general, the bills are addressing very specific issues and we've seen, for example, a number of bills around – dealing with residential insurance benefits and extending provisions for them and whatnot. What we are advocating for, as you can tell from our comments here, is a set of more comprehensive solutions to deal with this statewide problem across all the different elements. Now, that degree of difficulty then becomes harder because we're looking for more comprehensive pieces of action. So, that's why I'm saying it's so early days.
Pedro J. Pizarro: Yeah. Without getting into specific, who said whats, yes, I think that there is a recognition, and a lot of it is just driven by the goals and the math behind the goals, right? Let's just focus on the 40% greenhouse gas reduction by 2030, that goal alone – the state itself has looked at tools like electrification of transportation and building efficiency and renewables requiring a strong grid being a part of the solution – a major part of the solution. I'm glad that we had completed our analysis that lead to our clean energy white paper in the fall, because that, quite frankly, sharpened our thinking in terms of what it will take for the states to get there. And so, that says that if the state really wants to you get us 40% reduction and do it at the lowest possible cost to customers, there's just a whole lot of use of smart, modern, reliable grid that's needed to get 80% carbon-free resources, and get 7 million electric vehicles, and get a bunch of water heaters and space heaters that are electric and so on. And so, I think folks recognize that, but it is helpful that we have voices like the Air Resources Board which has put out their plans. You had the Governor upping the state's objective to 5 million electric vehicles. We still stand by our math, which suggests that it's – a cheaper path for the state is actually more like 7 million electric vehicles. And I think, Ali, we'll see that continue to surface in various venues. One that I'll point to coming up here is the integrated resource planning process at the CPUC, which will use different scenarios and take a look at a long-term horizon for the resource mix in California. And that, I think, will once again provide more proof points for the importance of the healthy utilities.
Adam S. Umanoff: Hi, Christopher. You're correct, CAL FIRE is the lead fire investigation agency, as they typically are in fires where they're actively involved in suppression. Separate from CAL FIRE, we understand that the Ventura County Fire Department is conducting some level of investigation. In addition, the Safety and Enforcement Division of the California Public Utilities Commission will be conducting an investigation. Those are the investigations that we know are ongoing.
Adam S. Umanoff: I wish we could give you some comfort on timing. We wish we had more comfort on timing. We don't. These investigations, historically, have taken anywhere between 12 and 18 months to complete. And I think we'd have to stick with that as a suggested timeframe. But there's really no certainty with regard to the time element of the investigations.
Adam S. Umanoff: Well, you're correct. It's very, very early. The investigation around cause has just commenced. So, I think it really is premature to speculate as to what the ultimate strategy will be. You will see, as we've seen in other large fires like this, an effort to coordinate before a single judge the numerous lawsuits that are brought. And in fact, there is a motion to coordinate the various lawsuits that have currently been brought in the Thomas fire. That's a procedural step to hopefully make the litigation more efficient. But that's really at the early stages as well. So, not much more we can tell at this point.
Adam S. Umanoff: Jonathan, hi. It's Adam. The court has set a hearing date to hear our motion for April 2 and that date can slip. It's always subject to change.
Adam S. Umanoff: I think that's right. A lot depends on what the trial court does. If the trial court denies the motion, there is always the opportunity for us to appeal. These issues may very well require appellate court review not be settled at the trial court level, and that would take some significant additional time.
Adam S. Umanoff: Yeah. That's a good way – Jonathan, that's a good way to describe it. In most of these cases, the plaintiffs allege that the standard of care that we have to comply with is strict liability arising from the application of inverse condemnation. They simply plead it, and we have to defend that or, in this case, we challenge it.
Adam S. Umanoff: I can't speak to the procedural status of the Butte case. I don't believe that there has been a final determination. I know that they are challenging the application of inverse condemnation.
