Scott S. Cunningham: Thanks, Angela, and good afternoon, everyone. Our principal speakers today will be Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ted Craver; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Jim Scilacci. Also with us are other members of the management team. The presentation that accompanies Jim's comments, the earnings press release and our Form 10-Q are available on our website at www.edisoninvestor.com. We will be using the presentation in a more complete business update that will be posted tomorrow on our website. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements about the financial outlook for Edison International and its subsidiaries and about other future events. Actual results could differ substantially from current expectations. Important factors that could cause different results are set forth in our SEC filings. We encourage you to read these carefully. The presentation includes certain outlook assumptions, as well as reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the nearest GAAP measure. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn the call over to Ted Craver.
Scott S. Cunningham: Dan, this is Scott. Just one other comment, everything that Jim and Ron have spoken about were factors that were included in our presentation for CapEx. Previously, the changes that Jim alluded to this quarter were largely related to updated transmission project cost estimates for 2 specific projects.
Scott S. Cunningham: Thank you, everyone, for participating today, and don't hesitate to contact us if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Ronald L. Litzinger: I mean, our O&M cost reductions, largely 3 areas. SmartConnect flowed through this year, reduction in meter readers and field service reps. The bulk of it has been reductions in our overhead or staff functions and then, there's been the San Onofre reductions as well. We continue to benchmark ourselves against the industry on an O&M dollar per customer benchmark. We continue to identify potential savings but known savings, as Jim said, are reflected in our 2015 rate case filing.
Ronald L. Litzinger: The bulk of the increase from our past infrastructure replacement levels is the pole loading program that Jim noted. In addition to the normal pole deterioration we see with the large influx of additional telecom attachments, we need to replace poles to address the loading on the poles. And so we have ramped that up to a level that's consistent with our long-range replacement target for poles, the level that we feel we need to be at to stay in equilibrium. So it's the first asset that we've ramped up and achieved that on in this rate case. And we're just going to continue ramping up our infrastructure replacements to be more consistent with the age of our assets.
Ronald L. Litzinger: Yes. We had put in preliminary estimates for West of Devers and Coolwater-Lugo from several years ago. And now that we're going formally into the licensing phase, we've updated those costs.
Ronald L. Litzinger: No, that's right, Jim. We're taking a look at the decision. We're primarily interested on the distribution side, that would go through the rate case process. And on the transmission side for energy storage, we haven't made a decision. We're still evaluating and estimating what, if any, capital we would look out on the transmission side.
Ronald L. Litzinger: In the state agencies, the Energy Commission, PUC, they put a strong emphasis on what they call preferred resources in Orange County, which are distributed generation energy efficiency and the like that Jim had mentioned. So we have a strong focus on how do we facilitate that through distribution investment would be the primary area there. What it comes down to with the once-through cooling and the SONGS retirement is where does the replacement generation get located. If the bulk of it were to be in the Los Angeles basin, the amount of transmission upgrades would be fairly minimal. If a significant portion is located out of the basin, the transmission needs would go up. As part of the review process, there's been several potential projects thrown about but none of those have been formally incorporated into the Cal ISO planning process as of yet.
Ronald L. Litzinger: It would be in the next ISO formal planning process which I think is about to begin shortly. I don't remember the precise date but it's coming up and we'll have to outline our potential projects as well.
William James Scilacci: Yes, I'll take that first and I'll let Ron and Linda provide a little bit more detail. So distribution is ramping up and it's primarily in 2 areas. It's infrastructure replacement and pole loading. So we're doing more based on the age of the infrastructure. And in our General Rate Case proceeding, the rationale or the reasoning for this is all laid out in the testimony. And the challenge is to ramp-up, and part of what we said for ‘13 is because of the increased spending in distribution and a number of items we have to do is having the manpower in order to achieve these capital expenditures increases. So I'll pause there and let Ron and Linda add anything to that.
William James Scilacci: Yes, I think I've been indicating consistently that we hope to get it through by the end of 2014, so essentially leave the bulk of the proceedings, which is the Phase 3, for the balance of 2014. So that's just a hope or an expectation.
William James Scilacci: I can't go there, but we're just going to go through the process and keep on track in terms of what the Commission has established for the proceeding.
William James Scilacci: It can, it does have that effect. We're at 49.5 as of September 30. And so that's the 13 month basis, obviously. And we do use short-term debt at times to moderate the impact. And so, again, just kind of hidden in your question is we have no plans to issue equity, if that's what you're alluding to. So we're going to manage this based on what we know and we'll watch our capital expenditures and we'll use short-term debt and we'll take that all into consideration and how we're trying to moderate the need for potential capital financing.
William James Scilacci: We do have some. And again, this is all we're looking out well into the next couple of years as we look at that number. So we'll bounce around based on how we do long-term financings, how we use short-term debt and what the earnings will be going forward.
William James Scilacci: Just let me start here because we haven't put out anything in our -- in the General Rate Case proceeding. It does not include anything at this time related to the storage potential. So we're going to evaluate it and consider what's there but it's premature, I would say. And I'll let Ron fill in here to suggest what the earnings potential might be from that.
William James Scilacci: From what we're hearing, it's going to be sooner rather than later. So they're trying to move it along as rapidly as possible so we could hopefully incorporate it in rates. It could go into effect in ‘14.
William James Scilacci: Okay, let me take the first question. There is a potential for capital expenditures based on the retirement of SONGS and once-through cooling plants. We are looking at that but I think it's premature, Michael, to try to put some numbers out there. So I would feel uncomfortable should you not -- just throwing some numbers out. We've got some large transmission projects that we're working on at Coolwater-Lugo and the West of Devers projects that are primarily for renewable support. But we are looking, as part of the SONGS shutdown and how we're going to replace SONGS, what the steps might be to replace that. And it's going to be a host of different things. It's going to be energy efficiency, it's going to be DG, there could be additional transmission upgrades. So we're looking at the gamut along with a large group of folks from the ISO and the CPUC and other stakeholders, determining what's appropriate. And clearly, we're looking at it as a package, you don't look at it as -- in isolation. You have to take a look at all these things so you can plan accordingly. I'll pause there and look back to Ron before I answer the second question.
William James Scilacci: Going back to the second question, Michael. We have obviously heard the commission's comments and we've read about similar comments and various analyst reports that have been out over the last couple of months. And I'll stay, we won't go beyond just acknowledging that we've read that.
William James Scilacci: Good question, Paul. The short-term debt will ebb and flow on a variety of different reasons. Partly, the balances we were carrying before had to do with the under collections in our fuel and purchase power. However, we're also over collected in other accounts. Also, we did a large financing recently with $1.6 billion and the proceeds, some of it was to refinance some upcoming maturities and some of it was new money. So the short-term debt will ebb and flow based on the timing of financings and what we're seeing for our under collections and over collections. So you can't -- it's not all tied directly to the fuel and purchase power situation that we've got right now.
William James Scilacci: Well, it depends on the timing of the rate proceedings because there's 2 separate ones. There's a 2013 ERRA proceedings that would increase rates and then there's the 2014 proceeding, which would increase rates. And the timing of those would impact the ramp-up of potential short-term borrowings. But we'd expect the Commission to render decisions in this because they know the importance of getting these done in a timely basis. The hang up has been the crossover with the SONGS proceeding. So the short-term debt and the under collected balance that doesn't relate directly to short-term debt is going up about $100 million a month based on current rates. And then, you have to look at all the other factors to see what the short-term borrowing implications might be.
William James Scilacci: Just -- Hugh, to follow-on the net energy metering, there's a subsequent work that needs to be done on that. The legislation really didn't directly affect that and the Commission's doing some work now to try to determine the impact of net energy metering. And there could be some subsequent work by the Commission that follows up on that.
William James Scilacci: That's how they did Phase 2, but they've been going on, well, almost concurrently to a certain degree. So they haven't put out anything, Kit. We would expect it would occur sometime in 2014 and we'd hope they get through it by the end of 2014. So that's what we've been consistently saying, so let's see what the Commission actually does.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, Ali, they've dubbed me the one to answer that question. This as Ted, how are you? I don't think we will attempt to provide any kind of a schedule for when we would get back into the 45% to 55% payout ratio. What we have said is that we believe we'll be able to move our way back to that 45% to 55% target in steps over time. And in order to do that, that means you have to have a dividend rate increase that's greater than your earnings rate increase. So I think that gives you some sense of how we would, at least, see the trajectory to get there. But we won't provide a specific target date for getting back into that target zone.
Theodore F. Craver: I don't know that I could say what thing is more important than the other. I mean, frankly, a lot will depend on how these things evolve. But I think you put your finger on some of the key considerations. The part that I think is most important to reemphasize is because of the substantial investments that we've made over the last several years, we have a much larger rate base, which is producing much larger cash flows. And now, we really see our CapEx kind of leveling out albeit at a high rate, but leveling out, not continuing to increase. So we're kind of in this roughly $4-billion-or-so zone per year in CapEx. So with the growing rate base and a level annual CapEx that produces substantially more cash, which allows us to get back to our target payout ratio on dividends. Yes.
Theodore F. Craver: Well, again, it kind of gets into the specifics of each one. If you could take Tehachapi as an example. A big chunk of that increase, of course, came from a Commission order on Chino Hills to underground the 3.5-mile section. So, I think we look at that as, that's what's been ordered by the Commission, it certainty will be important from a FERC approval standpoint. So it's a host of things that affect the costs. In some cases, we've actually come in on budget, indeed a little bit below budget and on time on some of these transmission projects, the ones that were just completed here. So it's a mix and that's kind of what you would expect. Some things will be a little bit higher, some things will be a little bit lower but I think, in general, we're in the zone of what we have projected previously.
Theodore F. Craver: I think in the broadest sense, the objective is to try to have a rate structure that eliminates some of the inequalities that the current rate structure has. So for instance, in the current tiering, you have higher use customers really picking up the bulk of increased infrastructure investments and other policy-related increases in costs, while the lower-use customers are largely immune from those cost pressures. As a result, we now have a good $0.20 or more separating the low-use customers from the high-use customers. And really, the bulk of the burden landing on the high-use customers. We estimate roughly speaking that about $650 million a year is being shifted from low-use customers onto the high-use customers, or said differently, the high-use customers are subsidizing the low-use customers to about $650 million a year. So that's one of the things that the AB 327 seeks to address, is providing the opportunity for the tiers to be reduced in number and the differential between the tiers also potentially reduced. Second part is, I think, equally or more important than that is increasingly, as distributed energy resources find their way into the distribution system, you have more and more of the fixed cost of the system really being avoided, and that needs to be addressed. So -- and that's one of the inequalities. We really feel that everybody that makes use of the grid, whether they are pulling electricity directly from it or whether they are using it as a backup resource or what have you, that, that's an important resource that needs to be -- the costs needs to be shared by all users. Said a little differently, the distribution system really enables the distributed energy resources, and so that's a cost that everybody should participate in. So that's what the fixed cost seeks to address. I think those are the principal issues that drew us to support the legislation. And certainly the author, Henry Perea, biggest issue he had was really this cost shifting. And a lot of that ends up impacting the lower income customers.
Theodore F. Craver: They need a new tariff by 2017, and the direction they gave for the new tariff was to look at how the benefits and costs are shared amongst all customers rather than just the distributed generation customers.
Theodore F. Craver: MHI, Excuse me. On MHI stuff, we're really going to -- thinking litigation and arbitration here, sorry about that. We're going to really stay away from trying to speculate on exactly what goes, what those time tables or milestones would be. I mean, right now, as we said in the comments, we just have issued our arbitration notice and so we've got that to get through and then we'll see where that takes us from there.
Theodore F. Craver: If you could just be in the room, you'd see my nice smile. I really -- we really can't discuss it at this point.
