Denise Morrison: There is no question, Ken, that we have experienced volatility in the carrot business due primarily to weather issues in California dealing with extremes in rain and heat, which has affected the crop. While we can’t control the weather, we can control what we do about it. And I believe that we did the right thing this time around by putting customers on allocation, not harvesting early, and keeping the quality of our carrot. Understand that the role of carrots in this business is it’s the scale of distribution for the CPG products. And one of the reasons why we acquired the business was to grow the CPG portion and recognize that the carrots are the chassis for distribution at best pricing. So, we’ll continue to take this into consideration going forward. We’d like to get to the point of stability in carrots and growth in CPG, and that’s our strategy.
Denise Morrison: Well, I can’t talk about any specifics. I can say that the dialogue remains open and it’s very positive.
Denise Morrison: I’ll answer that question from a couple of perspectives. First of all, in the rest of the market, soup program has been very strong. New products have been well-received, new Well Yes! is at 83% ACV distributions, we're supporting the brands, new Chunky Maxx has hit the market now with 40% more protein, and protein is really on trend. So, we’re pretty pleased with the performance in the rest of the market with consumption up slightly. So that -- and we believe we’ll continue to see that momentum into the second quarter. The other fact is that our other businesses in this key retailer are incredibly robust. So, I would say that I do agree that the soup situation is isolated.
Denise Morrison: I’ll take the first part, Andrew. We said this in September, but we expect that the first half on soup will be weaker than a year ago, and we expect some more momentum in the second half.
Denise Morrison: I don’t think private label is a new phenomenon. Private label is pretty prevalent. And what we have seen is more of a push on private label in the broth business in the market at large. Actually, our -- the share that private label has of condensed soup and RTS soup is significantly below the average in center store categories and only up slightly. But broth has definitely been impacted.
Denise Morrison: The Pacific Foods brand is highly differentiated, being organic and natural. So, we believe that will be a good add to our line.
Denise Morrison: Okay. Let me star there. In our Pepperidge Farm business, we’ve seen a lot of robust consumption, particularly on Goldfish and cookies as I stated before. We continue to increase our shelf space merchandising. So, they are really doing a great job. In Campbell Fresh, again, the CPG part of the business has returned to growth, up a couple of points for the second consecutive quarter. And we didn’t start promoting beverages until October. So, we will now return to a normal promotion schedule in quarter two and we have a huge innovation suite coming to market in quarter three. So, we believe that the CPG part of Campbell Fresh will have momentum. In the soup category and the rest of the market, we continue to see robust plans. We do audit shelf every year, but we have not gotten results of that. We’ll let you know when we do. And so, we’re just running our play.
Denise Morrison: Chris, in addition, we have a very robust supply chain productivity program. Since we’ve integrated the supply chain into Campbell’s and put them on our productivity program, we have a very good line of sight to some significant cost savings, which will enhance the profitability of the business.
Denise Morrison: We do very robust analytics on our price gaps and thresholds of the brands versus private label. So, we have a good indication of what that looks like, both from the regular retail pricing and also the merchandising pricing with the frequency that we merchandise. So, that’s under constant watch. And that’s not different. We’ve been doing that forever. So, I would just say that in the broth business, what we have done to address private label, and that’s where we have experienced the competition, is, we’ve changed our advertising messaging more to house once and is differentiated versus private label, starting with the fact that the first ingredient in Swanson is chicken stack whereas the first ingredient in most private labels is water. And so, we’re calling attention to some of the attributes that distinguish the Swanson brand from private label. And then, of course, the pending acquisition of Pacific, as I mentioned, we’re pretty enthusiastic about what differentiation that brand brings to the line. In RTS and condensed, private label is a factor but it’s really under average, and we haven’t seen an increase. I mean, it’s been up slightly. But, we continue to watch it and we’ll make sure we continue to be competitive.
Denise Morrison: Yes. In the back half, we have a greater mix in our Global Biscuits and Snacks business in Campbell Fresh.
Denise Morrison: Okay. The main thing to focus on is the consumption; in the quarter, soup consumption was down 2.3%.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have a couple of things going on there. And our e-commerce business is still small and for the industry, it’s small. But, we’re focused on building capabilities in terms of really understanding the consumers’ path to purchase in that space. We are working predominantly with pure play e-tailers and also omni, and we’re working with Chef’d on meal kits in that space. So, we’re trying some different things. We’re working literally across all of our brands and bundling brands based on what the customer wants to do in that space. So, I think we’re trying a lot of things. One of the things that’s very encouraging though is we’ve brought in some top talent. And we believe that as more consumers shift to e-commerce, whether it’s order online pick up at store or order online and deliver to home, will be well-poised to participate and lead in that space.
Anthony DiSilvestro: On your other question, yes, we did say that the soup performance would have about a point impact on total Company. I would say it still rounds to 1 but probably a little bit higher.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. The seasonal build goes through the second quarter, I mean, it’s kind of hard to say. Obviously, we didn’t build as much in Q1. But, given where we sit today and given our outlook for consumption, it’s hard to say what’s going to happen relative to inventory moves going forward. But, I would expect them to be significantly more muted than the Q1 impact.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, I’d be careful with the term deloading. Yes, the impact is all one customer. And basically, you have a curve that builds kind of steeply in Q1 and less steeply in Q2, and certainly, the seasonal build through Q1 was significantly below last year. And that curve starts to kind of come down a little bit or increase at a slower rate in the second quarter. And it’s really difficult to predict shipments vis-à-vis consumption, but I would expect to have a much more tighter delta between shipments and consumption in the second quarter than the first.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think the first part of that question is understanding what happened in the first quarter. I mean, we were down couple of hundred basis points, primarily due to three things, two of which we’re going to stay on the year and one of which is going to turn. The higher transportation and logistics costs certainly had a negative impact on Q1 that’s going to impact the year. The second is the carrot. A cost issue related to yield that impacted the first quarter and will also stick on the year. The third, and this one is primarily timing, we took down 9% in the first quarter. There is a pretty significant negative mix impact from that and most of that should turn. So, as we look at the full year now, we would say, we expect gross margin to be about flat. And I think the way to decompose that is to think about our productivity savings. So, we’re targeting 3% of costs. And that will just about offset cost inflation as well as some of the investments we’re making in real food. Denise mentioned what they were. And then, the other two components, we had previously expected and still expect to deliver cost savings of $60 million to $70 million, most of which will impact costs and to a largest extent, that’s largely offset now by these unanticipated cost issues, both transportation and logistics, as well as the carrot yield. Now, in terms of phasing, given the seasonality of the soup business, certainly the consumption expectation will have a more significant impact on Q2. The timing of those two cost issues, transportation and logistics and carrots, more impactful on Q2, and then, we would expect to see improvement in the back half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Couple of things, I would say, if we didn’t have this yield issue in Q1, Campbell Fresh division would generated a profit. So, yes, it can turn around pretty quickly. We’ll have a little bit of lingering impact of the carrot yield issue into the second quarter. Denise mentioned, we’re on allocation; that should be behind us by December. So, we would expect to see profitability pretty quick in Campbell Fresh. And as we’ve said before on a full year basis, we would expect to deliver both top and bottom-line growth.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, it’s probably the end of that question. I think it’s likely that lower inventory would build -- will have -- is an indicator of near-term consumption. So, I think we would expect to see some consumption decline. And then, the other question, yes, both the carrot issue and the freight issues are both unanticipated in impacting the year. But, I think the way to think about retailer inventory, they start our fiscal year at relatively low level; they go through a significant increase in Q1 and Q2 and then come back down in the back half. So, it really is volatility amongst the quarters as opposed to an impact for us on our fiscal year, given our fiscal year is about when those inventories are at their lowest point. So that one is more about timing, which is why we didn’t talk about it in terms of our full year guidance.
Anthony DiSilvestro: This one is hard to say. I mean, obviously, we’ve experienced the impact of the Hurricanes and the shortages. And it just pushed us out into the spot market. And when that happens, it certainly drives up cost. We’ve had to do some more inner plant and some -- experienced some more warehousing costs as we’ve tried to rebalance kind of the network to get around some of that. It is our expectation for this impact to moderate as we go through the rest of our fiscal year. But, it’s taken a while. And as we sit here today, if you look at any kind of capacity report, it’s still well above where it’s been over the last six or seven years. So, I can’t tell you exactly when that’s going to moderate, but we’re assuming that’s going to take a little while.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I can take that one. What’s happening, and the reason you don’t see a promotional lift in terms of sales is there is a couple of offsets. One is, if you look at the dollar spend for promo on soup, for example, it is down double digit in the first quarter. But what’s happening is, we’re thinning back a little bit on broth; we’re spending back a little bit on both the Prego business and on V8. And the other reason you don’t see as much as with soup volumes being down as part of mostly related to that inventory issue, we calculate trade rates on a rate basis. So, the volume decline is muting the promotional rate a little bit. But, I think the better indicator is on a dollar basis, our trade is down significantly on soup.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I’d say, typically, our cost productivity program is more kind of, I would say, backend weighted as opposed to frontend, given the seasonality of the business and our ability to getting into some of the plans, when there is some downtime. So, that’s certainly more back half than front half. The other thing is, this mix issue of soup in the first quarter in effect should turn as we go through the balance of the year. So, that’s a positive. And the third, as I said before, on our cost savings program, which is in addition to the productivity program, a lot of that should be coming in the back half as well. So, we do expect to see improved gross margin performance in the back half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I’ll go back to something I said a little earlier. And you need to understand the seasonality of the soup business and what happens to retailer inventory levels. I think the easiest way to explain it is that our fiscal year is essentially the lowest point of retailer inventory. And then, they build -- and we’re talking about significant build in the first and second quarters. So, where you strike that line on that inventory build between Q1 and Q2, just introduces volatility amongst the quarters. By the time we get to the end of the fiscal year, those inventory levels would -- will come out. So, any kind of lower seasonal build here means less of a seasonal decline on the back half. So, it kind of nets itself out a little bit.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would say, we really haven’t seen any shelf space changes. When we deal with our customers, we agree around a promotional program that includes new items; it includes merchandising amongst other things, and promotional programming. And so, it isn’t just a dollars and cents kind of thing. I think the thing that impacts the inventory build is what is the merchandising program on a go forward basis? And that’s why I said earlier that this lower retailer inventory build could be indication of what’s going to happen to consumption, in say for example, the second quarter.
Steve Strycula: Hi. Good morning. Just a follow-up on Bryan’s question. Does this imply that gross margin in the back half of the year going to be up about 150 basis points or greater? Just want to make sure I am thinking about that correctly. And I’ve got a follow-up.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great. That’s helpful. And then, Denise, can you comment a little bit about the overall category right now? Are you seeing any shrinkage in total points of distribution at retail across the U.S. channel place right now or are you just seeing a little bit of rotation between the little bit of private label and branded mix here and there? Thanks.
Steve Strycula: Yes, specifically. But while, you’re at it, if you want to comment on snacking, given what we’re seeing with Kellogg’s DSD transition that would be helpful too. Thanks.
