Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. I'll take that one. Thanks, Ken. We're very pleased with the performance of Pepperidge Farm. We've had, particularly in the snacks business, some really good growth. And our distribution system – DSD distribution system is different, in that it is a network of independent contractors, so that's really how we've assessed it.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. We're very happy with the introduction of Well Yes! There were great retail support, 75% ACV distribution, displays everywhere, but we won't get a read on the consumer takeaway really until this quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Andrew, it is a key question. And when I talk about getting the best of small and the best of big, I'm really serious about what we have done is really delineated those parts of the business that really need to be separate and differentiated for the consumer and the customer, and that's all of the marketing and the R&D and insights. And we have this model that we've used very successfully with our Plum organic baby food business by keeping those parts of the business separate that maintains that entrepreneurial culture. However, being able to leverage the scale of Campbell's, particularly in areas of the supply chain and in operations where we have resources that can be used to make them much more effective and efficient and even more important achieve scale, because these are typically smaller companies that need the chassis to increase scale in the marketplace. So we've done this very successfully with Plum and Kelsen. We have not done it with the Campbell Fresh business. And so, the situation that we found ourselves in in the last year, we've been able to insert Campbell executives on the leadership team working in conjunction with Bolthouse Farms executives to maintain that best of small and best of big. So we're really optimistic and we're finding some really great opportunities to put a stronger foundation under the business.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. I think the activity definitely varies by category. And what we've seen in the fresh bakery business is competition in the area of sandwich bread and Swirl bread. We've recently reformulated our Swirl bread and we're out there now with a much-improved product. So that was a very specific situation. In fresh bakery business, our buns and rolls business continues to rock, so we believe we're all over the issue there. And then in broth, it was really more of a proliferation of private label during the holiday and that produced more price competition and we have responded with increased marketing and actual trade spending to hold our own in that category. So those were two very specific things that we faced.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. We've been pleased with the DSD system. The independent contractors, what they bring to the business in terms of selling and merchandising and delivery, it's a quality product. It's perishable, so breakage could be an issue. I think when you consider all of it, we're pleased with our DSD system.
Denise M. Morrison: We're very focused on our soup business. We're particularly pleased with the performance of ready-to-serve soup, whether that be Chunky or the introduction of new Well Yes! I think you need to ask the other guy.
Denise M. Morrison: Sure. The strategic review that the new team undertook looked at, once again, the potential for this business, and we verified the consumer trends toward fresh and health and well-being, the fact that these categories are still growing significantly faster than center-store categories, particularly in the categories that we compete in. So we feel really good about this space strategically. We've had some execution issues this year and some weather issues in the agricultural part. That's been unfortunate, but that does not sway us from our long-term strategic vision to really build a fresh food platform for Campbell's. And I think the role of the carrots in the business is the authenticity. It's on trend with consumers' desire for fresh produce. Carrots have had a tough go with drought and with heavy rains and some execution issues in the last year, but I do think that that's an important part. It's also the distribution system and scale in produce for us that makes us more important to the retailer. So I know I'm very committed to the business and we expect big things from it going forward.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. I think, over time, we have an opportunity to build two very strong brands here with Bolthouse Farms and Garden Fresh Gourmet. We're continuing to invest in digital marketing, as you point out, some new packaging and definitely new product innovation. So we will continue to support these businesses in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. Well, as you can see from the quarter, we're continuing to invest in marketing and brand building. And Anthony pointed out that as we navigate through our cost-savings initiative, which we just increased, we will be spending back on our businesses to continue to build these brands. We still need to drive sustainable profitable sales growth and I fundamentally believe that's going to come from investing in the brands and engaging with the consumer. So we will continue on that track.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, a couple of things. So, it's a good question. So the impact of Well Yes! on soup sales in the quarter was about 2 points, so it didn't have a benefit to our net sales number. And as you can imagine, most of that is, obviously, in retail inventory, some did pull through, but not a lot. But as we look at the total inventory on soup, there has been some reduction in other areas. So when you put it all together, changes in retailer inventories in soup did not have an impact on our overall soup sales results in the quarter, but there was some puts and takes in there.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: To your second question, this is going to be supported with a fairly comprehensive and robust marketing program, so you can expect, obviously, an increase in marketing behind this in the third quarter.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah. I think, Bryan, the way to think about it is against the incremental $150 million, probably about half will go back in terms of reinvestment, so we've talked about the support before. We need to increase the support behind some of our key brands. We need to continue to support new product launches like we're doing with Well Yes! and Prego's Farmers' Market and Tim Tam's in the U.S. and Goldfish with the organic wheat. So we need to continue to do that. We'll continue to invest behind our real food initiatives, removing artificial colors and ingredients, removing BPA for our can liners. We'll also continue to invest in longer-term innovation, things like Habit and the Acre Venture Fund and we'll look to make investments to improve our capabilities in areas like digital and eCommerce. So we have a fairly well-balanced plan in terms of what to do with those cost savings.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah. So, we've talked about the issues facing us in F2017 and the expectations that the business will decline. We do expect it to turn a bit in the fourth quarter. As we look ahead to F2018, we expect to return to growth on this business both top and bottom line.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah. So I can comment on the commodity cost environment. So, as we look at the full year, we originally thought cost inflation would be around 2% and now we're thinking it closer to 1.5%. So we've seen some favorability relative to our expectations in a couple of areas that are causing that. One is wheat, dairy, resins related to plastic packaging as well as poultry. So, overall, we see a bit of a benefit versus our original expectations. But we are seeing a swing, first half to back half. It was fairly benign when you look at the core ingredients, packaging and energy, and that's starting to tick up in the second half, and there's a couple of areas in particular that we're seeing. One is dairy. The first half of the year we were wrapping avian flu thing, so that's going to go back more toward normal situation. Vegetable oil is kicking up in the second half and we're beginning to see increases in steel cans as well. I don't know if you follow the steel market, but prices are up fairly significantly on steel. So we've got an overall year, which is going to be okay, but we're seeing an increasing headwind in the back half. In terms of pricing, I would say we're not ready to talk about any specific pricing actions, but we're right in the midst of starting to formulate our plans for next year, and I'm sure we'll take this into account.
