Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; as well as Stephanie Varnum, Senior Manager in Investor Relations. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update, a few thoughts on Hurricane Sandy, the highlights of our results for the first quarter and a few comments on the year. Then Craig will offer his take on the quarter, including our segment results and then our guidance. After we take your questions, Denise will make a few closing remarks. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that this call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements that we might make. As you know, Campbell completed the acquisition of Bolthouse Farms on August 6, 1 week into the quarter. The acquisition is now included in our results, and it drove most of the year-over-year changes in the first quarter. The quarter also includes $10 million in transaction costs related to the acquisition, which are included in our reported results. In September 27, we announced a $115-million restructuring program designed to improve our U.S. supply chain cost structure. Our first quarter reported results reflect $43 million of costs associated with that restructuring program. Our remarks today for the balance of our presentation will be on an adjusted basis, including Bolthouse Farms' operating results for 12 of the 13 weeks of the quarter, but excluding the transaction costs and the restructuring charges. Since our presentation includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of the measures to the mostly -- most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials, also can be found on our website and one other place. One last item. To make it easier for our iPad and iPhone users to follow Campbell, we've made available to you in the Apple App Store and Google Play Market a new app for viewing Campbell news releases, SEC filings and more on smaller screens. You need to have iTunes installed, but the cost is reasonable, 0. Just search for "Campbell IR." We'd love to get your input on your experience with it as we continue to be interested in improving the way we communicate with you. And with that, now let me turn the call over to Denise.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, Craig. At this time, we will conduct a Q&A session. We'd like to request that callers limit themselves to one question apiece, but stay on the line in case clarifications are needed. This way, we hope to respond to more callers.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you very much. We appreciate you listening to the call today. We will have replays available. And if we didn't get to you, please give me a call at (856) 342-6081. And with that, we'll conclude our call.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think you're hitting it right, Andrew, by focusing on the first half. The acceleration in inventory coming out of the quarter was due to our holiday sell-in for November and December. Some retailers shipped earlier this year than last year. We're encouraged, though, by the strong merchandising plans that we have, and it's also been rotated amongst different brands. So coming into the quarter, we had a higher level of inventory. We maintained that. And so coming out of the quarter, we're still at those levels. So we just wanted to manage people's expectations for the half.
Denise M. Morrison: It's true; our quarter one A&C expense declined by 15%, primarily due to reduced spending on U.S. Soup and partially offset by an increase of support for new innovations. It is in the range of the plans for the full year, and we did move some money into increased promotion, particularly in the bakery and the baked snacks business.
Denise M. Morrison: Right now, we are seeing, in the latest 2 months, some pressure, and we're getting industry reports on that. The parts of the business that are more robust are the casual dining, health care and education. But overall, we're not pleased with the performance of our foodservice business this quarter. Oh, I'm sorry. I heard you -- Jason, did you say foodservice or...
Denise M. Morrison: Okay, there you go. We're monitoring the Hostess situation. We -- and of course, our manufacturing supply chain and distributors are standing ready to ensure that customers aren't at risk for any supply interruptions caused by this. This is a business that is continuously changing through consolidation and price discounting. And we just feel that we're well positioned to play in this, in the part of the business that we occupy right now, which is more the upper end.
Denise M. Morrison: Right now, it's early days, but we're very pleased with the performance in all 3 categories of Bolthouse. And some of that growth has been driven by new innovation, particularly in the beverage business, but also increase in distribution in the salad dressing business.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. The beverage category, particularly the shelf-stable juice category, has been under pressure for quite some time now. And we continue to observe behavior that consumers are trading down, particularly in the -- from the 100% juice businesses that we're in. There has been some competition that's been very price aggressive that has negatively affected our V8 vegetable juice and V8 V-Fusion; however, our V8 Splash continues to perform very well. And our new item innovations are continuing to contribute to sales growth, but they haven't been sufficient enough to overcome the category weaknesses or the aggressive price pressures. So what we're going to do about it is we're shoring up the core business with line extensions on V8 and improved taste. We're also playing in value by pushing V8 Splash, and then we're innovating in high-growth segments such as energy and kids. And we think that a combination of easing inflation and productivity improvements will help us with improved EBIT for the year. So that's how we're looking at it at this point.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we're -- again, we're optimizing all of the drivers of demand. And in addition to product and packaging, there is a merchandising factor, and we're looking at each brand, given its competitive set. So in the first quarter, we were very aggressive in promoting, particularly, our Chunky brand. As we repositioned it, we improved the label on the brand to emphasize the delicious food and the soup that eats like a meal. We went to the NFL with Victor Cruz, and so we did put some support behind that brand to get some momentum.
Denise M. Morrison: The performance of RTS this quarter really was because of brand Chunky. And the 100% Natural soup is flowing through to the shelf and has been down versus year ago. And we'll continue to put the adequate support on that business as well because it is an important business to us. It's too soon to tell on some of the new products, but some of the new products that we introduced last year like Slow Kettle, Slow Kettle's consumption and share are both up in the quarter and our new Flavor Boost product was down in the quarter. However, we are flowing through a new pack, which we shifted from an 8-pack to a 4-pack and reduced the price to $2 to increase the trial, because our repeat is very good on this product. So we did learn a lot last year from the introduction of that product.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, it's still -- I mean, it's still a smaller part of our portfolio, and we did -- we are now emphasizing the 100% Natural, and it really will be up to the consumer to decide.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, Pepperidge in the U.S. grew, but it was growing because of the cracker business. Goldfish and Jingos! were up high single digits, and it offset some declines in our cookie business and in our bakery business. But we have seen better momentum in October and going into the holidays. In Arnott's, the situation is they're still competing in a difficult market. We've seen improvements in the business, we are continuing to gain share there, so we are feeling better about Australia this year in the biscuit business.
Denise M. Morrison: No, we have not gotten any feedback on that, and we recognize that the price is more premium than some of our other offerings. But so far -- again, it's early days. The repeat on this item is pretty robust. So it's all about getting consumer trial over the next several quarters, but we haven't heard any push back on pricing.
Denise M. Morrison: We -- our long-term target and our short-term target right now is to be fully competitive, and we're basing that on a variety of benchmarks, such as a percent of sales and share of voice, to name 2. We think that it's really important for these brands to think about all of the drivers of demand and make sure that we are putting our spending where we're going to get the maximum impact, and that could vary by brand and even by segment. So I cited the Chunky example earlier and that seems to be working.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, in the case of soup, we look at both within soup and also within the broader context of the 30-plus categories that we track in Simple Meals. And quite frankly, in the U.S. Soup business, we did lower our advertising. But in our other businesses, our advertising either stayed the same or increased.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think it's early days on the new products to declare victory there. I do think that the new products are helping to create somewhat of a buzz about soup in general, which is important, because people don't think about it as often as they should, and so that reminding them is important. But I think we've done a good job in terms of executing at Campbell's to put some new experiences out to the market for the consumer to enjoy and, particularly, younger consumers to attract them into the category. We're going to continue to build on those platforms. This is not going to be a 1-year wonder. So I think these are still early days, but I really do believe we're on the right course here.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I can. First of all, in terms of the shelving, we actually have iQ Maximizers in greater than 25,000 stores. And that seems to be servicing the consumer very well in terms of making it easier to shop, and from an operations standpoint, it's holding up to the retailers' standards. So I'm not sure what the link is for shelf space that you're talking about, but we have not seen an impact on shelf space at this point. In fact, with the new products that we're introducing, we're having conversations to make sure that we are accommodating all of our products on the shelf and continuing to bring the retailers new and exciting things to increase their center store sales. The second part of your question, on cutting marketing, we had increases in advertising and consumer in all of our categories with the exception of soup, and we have not cut our total marketing. We had expenses in advertising and consumer decline, but we are spending against these products in a very competitive way. And we were -- we're explaining that to retailers and we're getting support.
Denise M. Morrison: No, I am not -- I don't know where you heard that there'll be a wait out on V8 Red. Right now, our plan on V8 Red, and we do believe that we need to call more attention to it, is to improve the taste on the original V8 Red, to celebrate the taste in our advertising, and we have Hint of Lime and Black Pepper flavor extensions to create some news for that 100% juice offering. And we are refocusing on our base 100% juice while we also push V8 Splash, which has done very well. But the entire category has been pretty soft for a number of quarters now.
Denise M. Morrison: We do, and that's where we have the insights around new innovation. For example, the energy and the kids segments are growing faster.
Denise M. Morrison: And the sell-in against the holiday season, of course, the consumption happens in another quarter. So the good news is that we're getting good merchandising support, but I do think you have to look at it on a season basis.
Denise M. Morrison: We track the Simple Meals category. In over 52 weeks, the consumption's been up over 2%, and in the last 13, it's been a little bit over 1%, so it's still trailing 52 weeks.
Denise M. Morrison: We have a center of excellence that works on our advertising and design, our marketing excellence, which is training for our people to make sure we're building skills. Obviously, with the transition of connecting with consumers through the digital space, that's going to require some real focus and expertise, and then being a support system for the brand management in the business unit so that there is a continuing to build on the standards of excellence for driving a growth agenda. So we believe he'll be a really good addition in terms of focusing us there. Okay. So I guess we're coming up on the hour. I apologize to any of you that we didn't get to, but we're going to move to our wrap-up. So in conclusion, we'd like to leave you with some key points from today's call. Our new fiscal year is off to a solid start, and Campbell is becoming more agile, more innovative and more focused on the consumer. We've recruited some wonderful new talent in marketing and in international. We've posted encouraging gains in U.S. Soup and Simple Meals as we continue to optimize all the drivers of consumer demands across our key brands. And while it's too early to judge our breakthrough innovations, we firmly believe that our reengineered innovation process enhances our ability to attract new consumers and serve new occasions. Our first quarter with Bolthouse Farms was strong and the integration is on track. Challenges do remain in our U.S. Beverage business, but we are course correcting and expect more of a recovery in the coming quarters. Overall, we're able to reiterate our annual guidance for the year of sales growth of 10% to 12%; adjusted EBIT, growth 4% to 6%; and adjusted EPS growth of 3% to 5%. But I want to make sure that my message to you is clear, we are encouraged but not satisfied. We know what we have to do and what our opportunities are, and we're clearly making progress but we're not there yet. Hurricane Sandy reminded us that we have a lot to be thankful for here at Campbell. Among many other things, we're thankful to have leading brands to compete with; strong margins; amazing cash flow; and above all, talented and dedicated employees with a lot of heart. So we wish you and yours a very Happy Thanksgiving. And with that, Jennifer, please provide the closing reminders.
B. Craig Owens: Part of it, Andrew, is just the calendar, right? We have an earlier Thanksgiving this year, and so I think retailers have just been a little bit ahead of the curve and maybe a little bit of the storm impact, too, which fell right at the end of the quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Right. We don't forecast, as you know, soup sales separately, but we're happy with the start that we're off to.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So, David, we've actually seen a little bit of a rotation. You're exactly right. As we came out of the fourth quarter, our condensed inventories were a little bit higher than normal. The good news there is that we saw good sell-through on the back-to-school and other promotional activity that had created those higher inventories. And now as we've come more into the run-up to the holiday season coming out of the first quarter, the higher inventory levels are really driven more by RTS. So you've had the rotation of inventory. It's not the same inventory. It's not even around the same product line. And you've got -- consequently, you've got a little bit of a mix shift issue as we've rotated out of condensed and into RTS. But it's -- I think, overall, you can think about soup inventories continuing to be a little bit higher than normal as we come out of the quarter, but it's more RTS and broth than it is condensed.
B. Craig Owens: So yes, purchase accounting, it is going to be an issue, and you're right to point the inventories on the first year will run off the write-up of the purchase accounting impact on inventory. Also, remember that we had one less week of Bolthouse in this first quarter than we did for the total company.
B. Craig Owens: There's a little bit of seasonality. You didn't see it so much in this quarter because, again, we had one less week in the quarter than we do in the full year. The seasonality comes from the carrot business being a little bit heavier in the second quarter. That's partially offset by the fact that beverages are a little bit stronger in the summer. So the business overall is less seasonal than Campbell's business, so it won't have a material impact on the total company seasonality.
B. Craig Owens: So the restructuring action wouldn't have any impact in the quarter. I think the primary thing that you're probably seeing versus prior quarter is the reduced advertising and consumer promotional expense, Eric.
B. Craig Owens: Well -- so, Thilo, I think we did say that we're exiting the quarter with higher inventories, and that there has been some rotation in those inventories toward ready-to-serve. So I mean, I think you're right. We saw heavier sales of both broth and ready-to-serve in the quarter than we saw consumption, and it's largely associated with selling in ahead of the holiday and merchandising activity that's scheduled out over the first few weeks of November here. So I think your reading is approximately right.
B. Craig Owens: Well, clearly, you've got some pipeline fill on the new product, but it's not just new product. In fact, it's probably heaviest in broth, which as you can imagine is a big holiday item. So it's broth, it's ready-to-serve and it's the new products.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I think the best way to think about it is to look at consumption versus sales, right, Diane? So consumption was down 1%; sales were up. Without forecasting the soup sales, or particularly without forecasting them by quarter, I think that's the best way to sort of keep tabs on where we are in sell-in versus consumption.
