Mark Clouse: Yes. So it's a good question, Ken. And there's clearly, I would say, very distinctly different parts of our portfolio as we kind of look at it today. I would certainly say one of the things that has been a standout for us has been our Snacks business. And as much as we talk a lot about the dynamics within Meals & Beverages, I would just say, for 50% of the business, we feel very, very good about how the brands have held up And although, we still see some pressure on pretzels, where you've got a very distinct driver and reason for that in the acceleration of that category through some new sub-segments, the most -- the majority of our brands and especially our power brands really are positioned well. And although, we'll cycle some pricing there as well, I feel very good about how we're competitively positioned as it relates to brands like Goldfish or even our Pepperidge Farm cookie business, which we see a great holiday ahead and really have some terrific innovation coming. Snack Factory has been very strong. Our Kettle potato chips is probably an area where we've seen a little bit more competition. But we know how to play that. We have a great value proposition as it relates to Kettle and Cape Cod and some super innovation there as well. So I would just say from a snack standpoint, and half of our business, we feel really good about how we're positioned. Then I think as you get into Meals & Beverages, I do think that's probably where we've experienced a little bit more pressure on share. But it is interesting as you kind of fully unpack it. One of the points that I made in my prepared remarks is, for example, on soup, if you were to remove broth as a segment, where we know we're getting a lot more pressure from private label, it's a more commoditized segment. If you took broth out of that, our share is flat in soup, which is really a testament to the core growth areas I talked about, which represents 70% of that portfolio and where I fully expect to continue to grow and drive positive share as we have over the last several years. You had brands like Chunky returning to share growth. Pacific continues to do well. Our condensed cooking business has really just been performing extremely well competitively. And even in those categories where private label exists, those differentiations that are within those brands have been quite effective. I think on broth and some of our flankers within soup, which is where arguably we felt some of the greatest pressure, I think those are areas where you will see us be very focused on ensuring that value is protected in particular during key seasons or key holidays. But we'll make sure that we stay competitive. I think on some of the flankers, the opportunity that I think we have there is really to determine that those value propositions, and I think in some cases, we'll have a good path forward. In others, you may see some rationalization in areas as we really tighten that portfolio for the future. But as I said, I think the thing that stands out to me is we talk a lot about the soup business, and is that a hindrance or a help. I think unpacking a little bit more of the segmentation helps a lot. When you contain 7% of our sales in the company that are in these more challenged areas and with opportunity to improve, I feel a lot better, and I hope the investors would as well that on the balance of that portfolio, we feel very good. Pace has been another standout, and we've seen positive share there and really expect that value proposition. It's used heavily in cooking in meals right now, which bodes quite well for Pace. And then Prego is an interesting one, right? We continue to grow as pasta sauce category performs very well. But we know there's this other segment in ultra-distinctive that has really been outsized growth and we can't compete there with Prego. That's not what that brand does. So although I don't love the share impact there, I kind of understand it. And of course, that's a big catalyst for the Sovos, the potential Sovos acquisition, which I think will be a great complement to our Prego business and give us a lot of conviction going forward. So I think I would start by just saying, I don't think the share performance of the business, when you look at the parts that are most critical, are in a dire position. I think the areas where we do need some work are fairly contained and focused, and I think there's a lot of reasons to believe that where we have strength, we'll continue to drive that going forward.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean that's a great point. I mean if you look at mix for this year, even in this quarter, if you look at especially Meals & beverage. And if you're wondering a little bit the drivers of that margin that we anticipated, but it's certainly significant, about a-third of that is coming from mix, which is really driven by the outsized contribution of foodservice. As we get into Q1, that actually goes away because the recovery of food service was really most pronounced starting right in the beginning of fiscal '23. So that mix benefit as you start to go through the balance of the year will be yet another absence, I would say, of a headwind that we had this year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think a big part of it, Jason, is that we have definitely seen -- let's take Q4 as an example on Meals & Beverages, and we talked a little bit about this in Q3 as we kind of foreshadowed the fourth quarter. And although fairly consistent to expectations, you have about a third of the impact on Meals & Beverage that is a mix dynamic that we would expect to reverse in the second half. So, as you see a more dramatic contribution from foodservice and some other lower margin segments that are in the business as well as, as you look at where some of the pressure has been relative to the consumer dynamics I talked about, there's no question that's been a little bit more significant on our soup business, which as you know, has a very good margin architecture. So, mix is a big part of what that dynamic or that swing will be. The other contributor the other major contribution to the margin headwind has been this dynamic that we really do only expect to see in Q4 and Q1, where we knew that pricing was going to lag a little bit of the tail end of inflation as we made some choices relative to more pricing that we did not take in places like broth and a little bit to some degree in condensed soup. As the inflation numbers normalize throughout the balance of the year that is going to be a marked difference in margin impact. And then with the significance of a lot of productivity that we've been putting in place, recognizing some of the structural inflation and costs that I talked about will really be landing in the back half of the year. So, I do expect to see outsized margin recovery in the back half. And I think although you're phasing does illustrate that, I think it's fairly accurate to how we see the year unfolding. But I think the drivers that are inherent in that are able to we can pinpoint those. And for the most part, they're not necessarily executionally-driven or even dramatically related to kind of hope and prayers for the environment. They're pretty mechanical in nature and is why we felt confident in building a profile that has a little bit more of a back-weighted margin improvement as it relates to Meals & Beverage. So, hopefully, that helps give you at least the variables that we're looking at.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think you've got the dual impact of greater pressure on higher margin portions of your business while also having a much higher growth contribution from foodservice. I think both of those variables flip in the back half of the year. I think you'll see a stronger relative performance out of our Soup business and higher-margin portions of our business, while also having, as you point out, a more normalized contribution from foodservice. So, I do think it is a little outsized right now as it relates to what we're modeling for the back half of the year.
Mark Clouse: I think returning to volume growth. Meaningful, I think, is always a little bit of a -- for Soup, yes, I think it will be meaningful growth.
