Douglas Conant: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Jennifer. We reported today that sales and EBIT rose modestly, and earnings per share increased nicely in the third quarter. As you know, I'm stepping down as CEO of Campbell Soup Company at the end of July, which makes this my lucky 42nd earnings call while I've been a Campbell CEO, and it will be my last one with you. From my vantage point, Denise Morrison has her arms around the challenges in our U.S. Soup business, and her leadership team is coming together quite nicely. Things are shaping up for a richer conversation with you at our Analyst Day in July.  As I've said before, it's not about the quarters or months, it's about the years, and I don't say that just because we're in a seasonal business. As you know, while quarters are important, I believe it's over the years that shareholder value is created, one product, one customer and one consumer at a time. It's best done by simultaneously creating a winning environment in the workplace, leveraging your workplace success to create a winning financial profile in the marketplace over time, winning in the community by helping to build a better world and winning with integrity in everything you do. As I look back, while I'm sure we could have done better, I'm proud of all we've accomplished as a company in all of those fronts over the last 10 years. And I'm very excited about what will accomplish in the future under Denise's leadership.  Perhaps the importance of understanding long-term trends is why the food industry is intrinsically different at its core. In my opinion, the food industry is special in terms of the continuity of the players, the collaboration of the people and the long-term perspective which is often easy to lose sight of with the day-to-day vagaries of the market. I've always viewed our shareholder base and our analyst coverage as an asset to the company. So on this, my lucky 42nd call, let me thank you warmly and sincerely for your support, your candor, your insights and your friendship over the last decade.  With that, I'll turn it over to Denise.
Douglas Conant: Jon, this is Doug Conant. I can't help myself here. I'm really biting my lip. I'm chomping to get in the action here. Denise has made all the right points. The way we also view our spending in terms of total marketing, not just advertising and consumer, and total marketing spending is very healthy. As Denise indicated, we got out of balance by leaning too much into trade and discounting. We're repurposing that money over time but quite frankly, in terms of total marketing, our brands have never been more fully supported. So the challenge for us is to get it balanced properly. That's what Denise and her team are in the midst of doing. But the good news is, they have resources to work with here. And so I think this is a manageable proposition, not easy, but manageable.
Douglas Conant: Well, Eric, I mean, your point's right. As volumes drop, and particularly as they drop across the whole portfolio and in the primary North American manufacturing estate, it does put pressure on us. But the good news is that we've been doing an awful lot of work at the same time in improving productivity and improving our enabler program, some of which you're not seeing the full benefit of because it's offsetting the absorption pressure in the other direction. We've talked some before about our soup common platform project, which is directed at simplification and later stage differentiation that will ultimately take manufacturing costs out of the plant. It will actually take capital costs out of the plant over time, and it will diminish the impact a little bit. But it won't make it go away. I mean, as volumes go down, it does create an absorption issue.
Denise Morrison: Good morning. Thank you, Doug. It's been an amazing 10 years, and everyone at Campbell is proud of what we've accomplished under your leadership in the workplace, in the marketplace and in the community.  Now turning to the third quarter. As I reflect on our performance, I'm encouraged by our progress, but I want to be perfectly clear I'm not satisfied. We remain focused on creating long-term shareholder value by stabilizing sales and then driving profitable net sales growth. We still have more to do.  Let me share 5 key takeaways with you. First, we are executing a different second-half plan in U.S. Soup. Our new management team has set in motion the plans we described to you in the second quarter. We've sharpened our focus on profitable volume. This quarter, we began shifting our marketing investments to more brand-building initiatives, such as our portfolio advertising campaign. We've increased our soup advertising with GRPs up by double digits, and we're highlighting the positive benefits of soup.  We've also increased price realization. We've raised promoted prices and are in the process of implementing a list price increase in U.S. Soup to offset cost inflation, and we have innovations that are poised to ship in this summer. As I said, we're definitely not satisfied and clearly have more work ahead. Second, we are experiencing some softness in Beverages and Sauces. In Beverages, we're cycling a very strong quarter a year ago when sales rose 13%. In the third quarter of this year, we experienced increased competitive activity. That said, our year-to-date performance in Beverages still outpaced the shelf stable juice category, and our innovation pipeline is robust. Sauces also continue to face strong competitive activity. We have plans to address this and further differentiate our higher-margin sauce brands going forward. Third, our performance in Baking and Snacking and Foodservice is strong. We have powerful brands in both Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's that continued to perform well. We're shipping some great new products including Milano Melts, Goldfish sandwich thins and new varieties of Tim Tams. In North America Foodservice, overall industry trends are improving. We strengthened our sales effectiveness with our customers and improved our profitability.  Fourth, we're focused on cost management to offset inflation and help fund our growth. We continue to focus on reducing our indirect spending, SG&A and total delivered costs. Soup Common platform, our program to simplify how we make soup in the U.S., is progressing well. This program and others like it will help fund our future growth. Finally, I want you all to know that we will not rest until Campbell is growing net sales profitably. It's what I'm focused on every minute of every day. On the strategy front, our new leadership team is finalizing the plans that will position Campbell for future growth. We're looking forward to sharing those plans with you at our Analyst Day on July 12.  Now, I'll turn it over to Craig to take you through our financial results.
Denise Morrison: Chris, we continue to be encouraged by the advertising, and of course, that is a longer-term build. What we're experiencing at this point is the cycling of the heavy promotion discounting that we started this time or this quarter last year.
Denise Morrison: Typically in this quarter, at the close of soup season, the inventory has followed its normal pattern this year. However, we're cycling the quarter last year where, when we launched our heavy promotion discounting, retailers actually increased their inventories to support that. And so this quarter, we are seeing consumption and shipments differences.
Denise Morrison: Alexia, the soup category is being shopped differently than in former years. We definitely have evidence that stock-up trips are down. However, soup continues to be one of the most pervasive food items in the consumer's basket. We just saw a recent report from IRI which talked about the number -- the top categories that build store traffic, and soup is definitely in those top categories. We've also not seen a difference in the amount of inventory of soup in a consumer's pantry, but the way they're shopping it is differently and we're navigating that. But we believe going forward the right thing to do here is to focus on brand-building and increasing usage of the product, and that's what our marketing plans are designed to do going forward.
Denise Morrison: Rob, we're looking at all of the key trends, as I had mentioned at CAGNY. And obviously, the growth in international is an important trend to be addressed in the food industry, and we hope to give more color on our plans going forward in July.
Denise Morrison: At this point, we see ourselves as a branded company and have no plans to expand private label. That said, in a few instances, we already are making private label for some of our customers.
Denise Morrison: Terry, we really don't comment on other manufacturers' pricing. I can tell you though that we have been in the marketplace discussing our increase with retailers, and they have been very supportive. We intend to market these brands with increased advertising and more innovation. And so therefore, we have to cover our cost of inflation.
Denise Morrison: There's a couple of things going on underneath those numbers. First of all, our working advertising in the quarter for U.S. Soup was up 11% and our GRPs were up double digits. And so we made a conscious effort to make sure as we increase our price realization on soup, that we couple that with an increase in brand building, which again is longer term. And we are seeing encouraging signs from our advertising campaign which emphasizes the positive benefits of soup, which we think is very important right now. We have been very conscious about working on our costs for indirect spending. And we literally, this year, have gone after our indirect spending in media and advertising costs with a vengeance and have realized a great deal of efficiency from that effort. So you're seeing some of that reflected as well.
Denise Morrison: Right. We have had lower advertising in the quarter on beverages. However year-to-date, our beverage advertising is up 10%, and it will be about even with last year by year end.
Denise Morrison: Well, we're not going to comment on the amount of price increase that we're taking. The details have been announced to our customers. But suffice it to say that we expect that, that will cover our cost inflation and so far, that has gone very smoothly.
Denise Morrison: Just for clarification, all indications we have seen is that the pantry stock and the absolute levels of soup inventory in the consumer's home is about flat. Where we have seen a change is the stock-up behavior. So the way they're shopping is fundamentally different, and that has affected the pattern of our shipments. So I wanted to make sure that was clarified. We believe though that with the altered behavior of consumers not stocking up is understandable because their household budgets have been challenged by increased fuel prices, et cetera that for us, it's healthier and it's more important for us to focus on driving the usage of both the category and our brands with a dominant share so that we increase our business that way. And that's going to require a different marketing technique, such as more advertising and more brand-building activities and more innovation.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I attribute that dissatisfaction to the fact that the first half, we engaged in the intense promotional spending and did not see the lifts because of the consumer's shopping behavior. Therefore, we're re-purposing our efforts towards more brand building, and I won't rest until that gains traction.
Denise Morrison: I'll take the last part of this first. We do measure ROI with a lot of discipline on our advertising. And quite frankly, there has been a lot of new avenues to advertise with the advent of the digital age. We are very disciplined about measuring ROI and quite frankly, have made some spending changes even recently to go out of lower-ROI advertising vehicles and into our higher-ROI vehicles. So that is well under way. I think we had 2 things that challenged our sales over the past couple of years. Number one is we spent more time and resources on renovation as opposed to innovation. We are, of course, correcting on that front. We do believe that our sodium reduction efforts were important, so that we can start to talk about the positive benefits of the category. But we now have sufficient scale out there that we can repurpose our resources to other types of innovation, and we are doing so. And then finally, I think that the proportion of dollars we spent on promotion discounting was not in the right proportion to the amount of dollars we need to spend on advertising, and so we're correcting that as well.
Denise Morrison: I believe that soup has been impacted by the changes in stocking behavior, based on the fact that we are in over 85% of households with multiple cans in the pantry. And what we're talking to our customers about are some new innovations that we'll be shipping in the fourth quarter and beyond that we believe will bring news to the category and increase the usage.
Denise Morrison: We don't know how permanent it is. But we've got to operate our business given the fact that that's the reality we're in right now. And we've got 64% of people living paycheck to paycheck, and 1 out of 6 on some form of assistance. That's a large population. So I believe that we need to continue to take that into consideration.
Denise Morrison: Yes, as a matter of fact, I just came back from a trip to Australia and had the privilege of seeing that team's plans. They're at a different stage of development in the market than we are in the United States. But that said, I do think they have a great balance of advertising and innovation and out there at the right price value for the consumer, and they've just done a great job.
Denise Morrison: We've had some co-promotions with Pepperidge Farm around holiday, for example, where we actually do a great job in terms of getting a complete solution out to the consumer. We've also had some co-promotions with Chunky, as Chunky soup for pour overs with different retailers or other branded rice or pasta. I do think we can do more of that because when we have done it, we've yielded really good results. And so you can count on the fact that we will be doing more of that.
Denise Morrison: Well, I think that there is definitely multiple-channel shopping going on. And as I said before, the stock-up trips are generally down across channels, and we're seeing increases in fill in. And we're seeing shopping increase in the first couple of weeks of a month based on when people get paid, but I haven't seen any differences per se across channels. There have been some movement to, although this has been like this for a while, to some of the discount channels.
Denise Morrison: I'll take that one. What we're doing here in our course correcting is we're going after profitable volume. And so therefore, the marketing programs we're putting out are designed to increase usage which will increase volume, but it will be profitable volume.
Denise Morrison: Andrew, we've been working on our strategy for several months now and it's pretty comprehensive, and we intend to be pretty transparent about it. We're very excited about the possibilities for this company and anxious to share as much of the specifics as we can at this point.
Denise Morrison: Actually, our organization has really rallied and is pretty energized by some of the things that are coming along. Every business is going to need a certain amount of renovation to bring news to the base, so there's still some intensity there. But I think that I've seen people with a spring in their step around here as we reignite our creativity.
B. Owens: This year's pattern would have been more normal. It was last year's pattern that was the aberration.
B. Owens: You're also seeing somewhat lower expenses on the consumer piece of advertising, as we've had some sampling programs same time last year.
B. Owens: I think probably within soup we're seeing some mix benefit, as condensed is outperforming ready-to-serve. I think that's probably the primarily piece of that.
B. Owens: Yes, the formula is that we look for our productivity savings and price increase to cover our inflation.
B. Owens: But Bryan, I think your first point's exactly right. The data would say that stock-up trips broadly are down. So they're impacting us, and because we tend to be a stock-up item, they're impacting us significantly. But they are impacting lots of other categories, and it's even reflected through in the results of different channels, the way the different channels react to stock-up behavior.
B. Owens: We're looking at how we can be helpful with that, and we don't provide guidance for the year on spending. But I think we can give you a directional perspective, 4% for the quarter, we'll look up the year-to-date. So go to the next question, we'll come back to you. Give us one we can answer.
B. Owens: So Diane, you're seeing an adjustment, year-to-date adjustment in the quarter, right? So it's distorting the quarter a little bit. For the full year, we would expect it to be about $0.04 favorable impact to this year. And if you connect it to your other question, that will be $0.04 that we'll have to cycle next year.
B. Owens: Robert, we don't normally give guidance on a buyback. But the reality is that we've got a program that runs out at the end of the fiscal year, and there's a very little bit of authorization left. So I'll just leave you with those 2 facts.
B. Owens: On the tax question, I think you should assume that this year's rate will be pretty close to last year's rate.
B. Owens: So yes, the way I think about it is that we do have an adjustment and you see us going through that adjustment. And actually the cost dynamics are not so bad as I said, because the efforts on cost savings have been more or less offsetting the absorption issue. But make no mistake, the long-term goal is to get back into volume growth.
