Douglas Conant: Good morning. This morning we reported earnings per share of $0.71, a 4% decline. For the first half, we delivered earnings per share of $1.53, a 5% decline. Sales declined 1% for the quarter and the first half. Our results for the first half, combined with a more muted outlook for the balance of the year, gave rise to the change in annual guidance that we provided in this morning's news release. Today, I'll be focusing my remarks on our largest segment, U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages. That having been said, as Craig will highlight later, I would point out that year-to-date, our other three segments all reported operating income growth. In the second quarter, similar to the first, we continued to protect our U.S. Soup consumer base by maintaining a strong advertising and promotional profile in the face of a very challenging environment. As a result, in measured retail channels, wet soup consumer takeaway volume growth rose meaningfully, outpacing the average gains in other Simple Meals during the period. However, also similar to the first quarter, our increased promotions in the second quarter were costly as we strive to maintain our competitive profile and honored our customer commitments. This promotional spending pressured our gross margin rate, again similar to the first quarter, and negatively impacted our EBIT performance. Before I turn to the second half outlook, let me comment briefly on our Sauces brands, Prego Pasta Sauce and Pace Mexican sauce. Prego and Pace are large, profitable brands for us. For many years, they have been profitable growth engines as well. More recently, private label and value brands have made inroads in Sauces. As a result, our Sauces performance in the second quarter was highly pressured. We expect intense competitive pressures in U.S. Soup, Sauces and Beverages to remain in the back half of this fiscal year. This challenging environment for the balance of the year gave rise to the change in our annual guidance that we announced this morning. That having been said, we currently expect improved sales, EBIT and EPS performance in the second half of our year. Later in our presentation, Craig will elaborate a bit more fully on our plans to improve profitability, including increasing price realization and expanding our margins in preparation for higher inflation in fiscal 2012. So I won't go into that now.  Let me just make a broad observation about what we're focusing on at Campbell. As other food companies have noted, the overall environment remains challenging particularly in the U.S. We continue to believe that the key to success is innovation with the right price value proposition supported by effective consumer marketing. Delivering that combination with all our brands in a consistent way is the focus of our action planning going forward. Denise and I are committed to working together to advance these plans in order to deliver consistent top and bottom line growth, as we have done in the past. We look forward to advancing our thinking further and during the Q&A and at the upcoming CAGNY conference.  With that, I'll pass it along to Craig Owens.
Douglas Conant: Just building on it, we do have the volume growing again, which was essential. We wanted to protect our consumer base. As you recall a year ago, we were losing some of our base to other Simple Meals. And we said we have to protect that with the consumer, and we have, but in the deep promotional environment that we're in, not just in Soup but in the broader Simple Meals arena, retailer inventories are getting increasingly difficult to measure and manage. We have visibility to pieces of those inventories but not to the full range of outlets and channels. So I feel good about the direction. But clearly, we had some inventory that got worked off.
Douglas Conant: Just a few thoughts on that. Historically, at least the 10 years I've been here, we sort of naturally pull back from price promotion as we go into the spring and summer, so this is a very natural cycle here. We also have visibility into the performance of our advertising campaign, which is the best performing campaign that I've seen since I've been here in terms of consumer response. So given that we naturally pull back anyway and that we've seen positive encouraging response to the advertising, I think it's a natural thing for us to do, but Denise may want to expand on that one.
Douglas Conant: Terry, we didn't really -- I won't get into a discussion on month-to-month promotional planning. But I would say we, broadly speaking across-the-board with all of our major customers, we maintained our promotional presence through the entire quarter. What I will acknowledge is that other branded competitors, one in particular, was very aggressive again in January and may have attracted more of the promotional attention in that month. But, Denise, I may be wrong but I think we maintained a pretty solid profile, and we maintained our advertising presence throughout.
Douglas Conant: Episodically, we have experience. When we hit stride with sufficient innovation, sufficient brand building activity, balanced with responsible trade promotion, we know we can make this proposition work. We just have to do it with greater consistency.
Douglas Conant: We have a presence in those dollar stores, and we're committed to getting our fair share of that presence. So we have products that can plan that space. And in the fullness of time, we think that's a very manageable proposition.
Douglas Conant: And for the half, it's been solid. When there is a significant pressure on food budget, people, we have observed, are willing to trade out of the category and go to water and other more value-oriented items. But on balance, we feel very good about our presence here and our growth prospects.
Douglas Conant: And just to build on it, as part of the what we call our ORP process, we've been developing those two leaders for roles like these for the better part of six or seven years. So this is a natural evolution of the thinking but tailored to address the issues of the day, and issues that Denise has highlighted as being most critical to moving forward.
Douglas Conant: It is the first time that we've had an umbrella campaign across the entire line. So we're pioneering new ground here for the company, the first time in almost 20 years that we've done it this way. So we have expected that it would take a little time. The response, in particular to the Anthem spots that Denise mentioned, has been exceptionally good in research and then in qualitative tracking following the launch. We've also had good response to some of our condensed cooking executions and our Chunky execution that we were concerned about because we were migrating from a brand building Chunky NFL perspective into this broader spot. But our Chunky business has held up very well through all of this activity.
Douglas Conant: As it relates to the advertising. So we have seen impact. Where we've been pressured has been when we have tremendous price gap pressure that is changing the promotional, the price points to a point where our condensed "eating" soups have been so pressured by Ready to Serve pricing. But on balance, we see it across the portfolio in a very positive way.
Douglas Conant: Judy, also, I think it's still true at a very high level to think in terms of we believe we have the ability through pricing and productivity to manage our cost base. And it's beyond just Soup. It also applies to our other branded areas in Healthy Beverages and Baked Snacks, where we have good brands we can price to manage between pricing and productivity. Over time, we've demonstrated the ability to manage costs.
Douglas Conant: Just to build on it, for context, we've grown EPS every year for nine years. We've grown EPS 10% over the last five years. We have a flattish performance in a very tough year, and we know what we need to do better. We're focused on it. We have spending as a percent of sales at record high level. So we have some resources there, and we've just got to find a way to manage things smartly. And then I would emphasize that every year, we go through a strategic planning process with our board where we look at all of our options. Denise and her new team are doing that right now. And I think she'll be in a position, with a much more informed and complete look, to cover that when she gets to our July Analyst Meeting. So I think in the meantime we have plenty to do and we're on it. So I think this is just a natural evolution of the business, and we've got to work through it. But three of our four segments are growing earnings. We have an issue here in the U.S. and we're on it.
Douglas Conant: Recognize, too, Eric, that in the quarter, the biggest divergence between positive consumer takeaway and shipment data was in the cooking soup category.
B. Owens: Eric, maybe I'll jump in there, and then if Doug or Denise have anything to add. I think the first thing to recognize is that we started into this period a pretty heavy promotional discounting in the third quarter of last year. And consequently, we had fairly strong shipment levels and a certain amount of inventory build coming into this quarter. Secondly, I guess I would acknowledge that, as you're well aware, it's hard to read with great precision movements in inventory inside all of the channels, some of which are unmeasured at the store level and at the pantry level. So we're very encouraged that the takeaway was as good as it was in the quarter. I don't feel like we lost any sales because of what was going on with respect to inventory levels. But clearly, as you look across the first half of the year, the promotional activity has not -- we haven't gotten the kind of lifts that would have paid for the kind of promotional activity that we've done across the first half of the year.
B. Owens: We don't have an F '12 forecasted. We're a little early for that yet. As we look at this year, clearly the trend is up. We're going to finish the first half sort of flattish on ingredient and package and energy input inflation. And then in the second half, we would expect something more like about 3%. And as we look forward to '12, probably somewhat higher than 3%, but I don't have a number for you. So it clearly is in our thinking. Pepperidge Farm has already taken some pricing action because some of the earlier pressure has been, as you are well aware, on grains and so impacting that business. And we're very mindful of it as we look at our commercial policy around Soup in the back half of this year and coming into next year. But it's a little early for us given our cycle and given our pricing cycle to be forecasting that.
B. Owens: Well, on the costs side, I mean one of the things that's helping us mitigate the impact as we move into it is the combination of our hedging program and our contractual arrangements with certain suppliers. I mean that's not -- those things don't offset long-term inflationary pressure, but they do give you some time to react and to manage your pricing in the marketplace against what you see coming as inflation. We also within cost of sales, not directly impacting input from ingredients, packaging and energy but within cost of sales, we continue to have a really strong and successful enabler program. We'll be at record levels, I think, again this year after having a strong year last year. So we're attacking other pieces of the cost base. We've talked publicly about a Soup common platform and some longer-range programs that we've got. But ever year, we're trying to fight back something like 3% or so of our total cost base with structural cost decreases. So those are the things on the input side. On the output side, of course, we've got within pricing, we've got the opportunity to manage at the list price level as well as manage promotional depth and frequency.
B. Owens: Well, we've seen lower compensation expenses in the first half. And I think you would see that continue as a trend into the second half. There are also some -- if you'll recall in the second half last year, we also had a recall on SpaghettiOs, which is another item that will help us in terms of comparisons second half versus first half.
B. Owens: Most of the benefit, frankly, is coming from lower incentive compensation, which would take -- if you look at the first half, we're on the track that we think is appropriate for the full year.
B. Owens: So clearly, as we look at next year, we would anticipate higher incentive compensation. But as Denise said, we've got a very disciplined process against total G&A. And we would look to be realizing efficiency opportunities in other areas.
B. Owens: We did a $400 million issue last July which in effect pre-funded some of that. We took advantage of the low rate environment. We have plenty of room within our commercial paper program that as the $700 million matured and rolled off, we rolled that balance into the commercial paper program. But I think it would be fair to say that we are looking for opportunities to, if you want to think about it this way, to term out the rest of it.
Denise Morrison: I think that going into the second half of this year, we have the opportunity to better balance our price promotion with our brand building now that we have a stronger campaign.
Denise Morrison: Terry, I think going forward, we know that when we have competitive price value and we have great advertising and brand building, that's when we grow profitably. And I think, although I was very happy with the consumer takeaway in volume for the quarter, it came a high cost. And therefore, we need to make sure that we are growing our earnings as well as our net sales.
Denise Morrison: Chris, a couple of things. First of all, we maintained a very high level of advertising. We actually had a different mix of 30s and 15s, which impacted our GRPs. But our anthem campaign, which was our a 30-second was very, very productive. So that was one of the changes we made, and we will continue advertising heavily into the third quarter.
Denise Morrison: Chris, I think the best way to describe this is that starting in the first quarter this year, we did have an observation of a larger amount of switching between Soup and other Simple Meals. And because the advertising campaign was new and it took time to gain traction, the lever that we had to use was to get more competitive on our price promotion. We were successful in getting that switching behavior back to what we call normal levels. Meanwhile, the advertising is starting to get traction, so we believe we have a much more balanced marketing mix to work with going from the second half of this year forward.
Denise Morrison: David, we have not seen changes in shelf space for the Soup category. And we watch this, as you know, very, very closely. I mean to-date since we started our fiscal year, we've put in over 20,000 new upgraded iQ MAximizers across the retail landscape. So we've been working very closely with retailers in the category on shelf space. So it's competitive out there, and it's one thing we continue to watch. But to-date, we haven't seen any movement in that.
Denise Morrison: I mean the beverage business has always been very competitive. And we're very proud of the fact that V8 has been outperforming the shelf-stable juice category for quite sometime now. I would say that we continue to invest in V8. Splash and V-Fusion did very well this past quarter. We were a little bit lower on V8 Red. And I would just say that we continue to be very, very optimistic about our ability to compete with beverages.
Denise Morrison: That organization shift had been planned for quite some time, Andrew. And what we're doing is we are setting up the North America Soup, Sauce and Beverage unit to create better focus and to jump-start innovation, and I'll talk more about this at CAGNY. But those leadership changes and the structures were designed on purpose to do that.
Denise Morrison: The good part about Campbell, Andrew, is that we do have some great bench strengths, and these are great leaders that are coming into these positions.
Denise Morrison: I think there is an interaction with Condensed "eating" and some of the RTS brands. And particularly with the price discounting that we had in the marketplace, the value proposition of Condensed became less apparent to the consumer. Going forward, as we realize our pricing, I believe that, that will be restored and Condensed will have a much better second half.
Denise Morrison: We still consider it early days, but the consumer response to the campaign has been really positive. And we've had certain executions because this is a portfolio campaign and there's sub-branded advertising within it. We've had certain executions that have performed better than others, and we continue to learn and improve it. But this is some of the best advertising we've had on air in our recent past, so we're very, very encouraged by that.
Denise Morrison: And we think that we can strengthen the execution on condensed "eating", and we're working on that right now.
Denise Morrison: I would say the best way to answer it is Campbell Soup is in 85% of all households. And we do have a very high index with millennials, although it's not as high as baby boomers, i.e. that's the opportunity for us. It's still pretty significant. The other question that you asked was about health and wellness and our Healthy Request soup was actually our best performing line this year. So we are hitting the mark on that accute need of heart health. So that's probably the best way I'd answer it, and I will provide more insight on that at CAGNY.
Denise Morrison: First of all, I'm going to acknowledge what you said and that is that we believe we can do better in the Soup business. And that our performance as a result of the heavy price discounting that we engaged in did not give us the lifts that we had expected. And the volume gains that we had realized were not sufficient to drive profitable net sales. So I agree with you there, and I'm not happy about that. However, you know that I have a new team, and we are really focused on creating value over the long term. And we have an opportunity here to explore all of our options for doing so. So it's unclear at this point whether a rebase would be the right step for Campbell. But that said, we believe at this point that we have enough resources right now that we could just reallocate to fund our growth, including trade spending and some of the dollars that we had appropriated for sodium reduction in R&D. So this new team is looking with fresh eyes at everything.
Denise Morrison: Eric, we're pretty happy with condensed cooking overall for the half. And one of the biggest events we have is our holiday season. And when we look at the total performance of this business throughout the holiday and some of those cases start shipping in October all the way through the end of the year, we're pleased pretty pleased with the momentum in cooking soups. And our broth, of course, has been stellar for both quarters. So we know the trends here are good. I mean consumers are cooking at home more. We've invested very heavily in campbellkitchen.com, which is providing recipes. So we still are very excited about the Campbell cooking soup line.
