Douglas R. Conant: Just reflecting on last year’s first quarter first, we had many new SKUs that were associated with our launch last year where we were cutting into the shelf at the end of July and going into the first week of August in Select Harvest, with our new Swanson Stock entry and with our V8 Soups. So there was a real emphasis on getting cut into the shelf early and establishing a beachhead there at the very beginning of the quarter. This year we’re basically flowing in inventory into Chunky with replacing the existing items with stronger entries, and we were simply waiting for that flow in to take place so that we could have at least 65% of the ACV established with the new Chunky items at retail. Our estimate was that that flow in would be activated by the end of September, the first of October. So we focused our spending against that anticipated flow in of product and it has worked out that way. We have had a very strong October on top of a strong October a year ago. I want to say soup sales were up about 10%. And we see momentum continuing into November. So we feel like we are now on track in terms of the soup performance for the year. Another benefit is that when we do our ROI analysis against our spending profile in soup, we get a higher ROI the closer we get to the actual soup season. So we learned last year while we did get off to a good start, we didn’t get the kind of returns in August and September from soup spending that we expect to get from October, November, December, January and February. So we think we’re doing it smarter. We think we’ll get a better return on our investment and we clearly have some momentum going into the second quarter.
Douglas R. Conant: And building on that, we do review all of our significant investments and SAP is certainly one of those. We do a regular review of how we’re performing versus our original plan. And I can assure you in that last review we were very pleased that we were actually exceeding our savings expected from SAP. So we’re well on the right track there, but Craig’s point is dead on. The going forward proposition is going to be to see that reflected in our enabler number going up and up over the next couple of years.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I’ll start and I’m sure Craig or Anthony will want to chime in. Andrew, in my nine years, this is the first time I’ve ever raised guidance in the first quarter. We have the two big quarters ahead of us, second and third quarter, and we have yet to see that play out. It would be premature in my opinion to take the sales guidance up any higher. I would say there might be upside versus that number, but we have to prove that we can deliver against it. So I think you could view this as a conservative assessment of our sales potential, but it’s early in the year. And I wouldn’t read anything more into it than that.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, on our front it’s a little early because we start. The key will be our second and third quarter performance. We didn’t start our fully integrated programming until October, where the value messaging was coming across in a 360˚ way with the consumer. The only thing I can say is we had a very strong October response and November is continuing to look promising. Ask that question, I shouldn’t suggest this, but ask that question of me next quarter and I’d better have a pretty good answer for you.
Douglas R. Conant: What I think you’ll see as the year unfolds is that we will be competitive across ready-to-serve, condensed and broth. We have very competitive programming in place for all three. We believe that condensed is particularly well positioned in a value oriented environment to be very competitive. And personally I’m optimistic about our value proposition and promotional proposition in condensed, particularly our cooking soups, leveraging the Campbell Kitchen activity that we see, CampbellKitchen.com. So I’d say you can expect that we’ll be competitive across all three fronts.  And we are seeing very aggressive promotional activity, not just in soup but in the broader simple meal arena, where we’re competing with the likes of frozen entrées, side dishes and dinners, tri-packaged side dishes and dinners. And so that whole arena is competing pretty ferociously for that at home meal consumption dollar that tends to be rising as people are drifting back into home, away from out of home. So it’s very competitive. And we view it not just through a soup lens but through a simple meal lens.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Chris, we’re not going to get into the share discussion. We’re doing fine on condensed. But what I would say is we’re very attentive to price gaps and we’ll manage the price gaps to a place where we can compete with anyone in the category.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I’ll just offer a brief comment and then I’m going to turn it over to Craig. As I mentioned earlier, this is the first time we’ve raised guidance in the first quarter, ahead of the heavy soup season quarters, in my nine years here. We’re hopeful there’s upside to it, but in terms of delivering our EPS guidance is heavily reliant on a solid sales performance but on aggressive cost management and some benefit from interest, taxes and currency. And on that I’ll just turn it over to Craig.
Douglas R. Conant: I think so. And I’m very optimistic on that front. The key for the last 52 weeks in our category, we had to lead unprecedented pricing to cover unprecedented inflation in our category. And we knew it was going to create some dislocation in the category in the near term. And the category growth slowed as a result of that pricing. We think we have that well behind us now, and we think we can manage in a more predictable fashion. So I think the pricing is right, I think the benefits the category offers are going to be very clear as we go through the year. So I’m optimistic about the soup category for the next 52 weeks, not only here but globally.
Douglas R. Conant: No, we feel very good about both Select Harvest and Chunky. On the Select Harvest front we had a significant inventory build and a very strong, trial oriented program in the first quarter last year that started in August. And this year, the spending profile and the support program for Select Harvest is going to be spread differently through the fiscal year and without getting into spending by quarter, we believe that in the fullness of the year, Select Harvest is going to have a very good year. So I think you’ll see more of a quarterly phenomena than anything else. On the Chunky restage, this is very much of a flow in program with very few new SKUs. And we don’t expect the kind of inventory build we experienced with Select Harvest, so we expect a steady growth profile with Chunky. So we feel like we’re well positioned. We have the woman 35 plus targeted with Select Harvest, the men targeted with Chunky. Very good value propositions in both of them. We think we’re better positioned than any of the competition and we think it’s starting to show. And so we’re optimistic about the full year performance of ready to serve.
Douglas R. Conant: Yes, it was 8% to 9% last year. So it’s down versus last year but still up versus last year overall.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Terry, when we re-launched Select Harvest, we focused on a very different product proposition and targeted it at women 35 plus with all the benefits that those women were looking for. And we advertised it directly to women. And through a sharp distinction between what we were offering with Select Harvest targeted at women and Chunky targeted at men and larger families. And we’re seeing that play out in the marketplace. So we’re seeing if you will greater incrementality through better segmenting of our marketing proposition. And we expect that to continue.
Douglas R. Conant: Terry, it just makes sense. Condensed is the best value proposition. You get the same number of servings, you just add your own water instead of us shipping it to you. Condensed is far and away the best value proposition in the category. And it dwarfs RTF value proposition. And the products are improved and delivering against the health and quality benefits consumers are looking for. Plus they’re also leveragable in cooking, which is a growing at home experience. So condensed is perfectly positioned in this market to be the ultimate value proposition. And you know if we market it smartly, we should have a good run here and it should be advantage versus ready to serve.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, Vincent, we’re well positioned on condensed soup too, depending on what our customers choose to do and whether they choose to have a loss leader or not. But we’re well positioned to be offering condensed soup under $1, with a good promotional price point. So we’re a natural in the simple meal arena. In fact, I don’t think you’re going to find a much better proposition in simple meals than condensed soup. On the ready to serve side, there’s easy opportunity for that to be attractive under $2. Still it’s twice as much as condensed, which is why we think condensed is such a great value. And occasionally we have our customers choosing to use register of soup as a loss leader and promoting it very aggressively at their expense. And the reason for that is the soup category is still the largest, fastest turning, most profitable category in the center of the store. So it’s very compelling for our customer to want to promote aggressively in that category to draw people into the center of the store. So we’re well positioned. There’s a reason for the customer to really want to push this category in a value oriented marketplace, especially going into soup season. So we think the prospects are very good for very competitive price points versus other simple meals, especially during the soup season through February, March.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it’d be premature to talk volume on soup for the year, but obviously we will get into this as we get into the soup season. The benefit of pricing really only hits this first quarter in any sizable way. And that was anticipated in our original guidance. So I just think we’re going to have to let the year play out. What I would say is my experience on this front has been if we give, given that soup is so essential to our performance as a company, if we give company guidance that says we expect the company to be up 4% to 5%, typically that suggests that soup should be up 4% to 5%. And we’re not relying that much on price this year, so we’ll have to wait and see.
Douglas R. Conant: We are seeing value conscious shopping and some of our premium categories have been, growth has slowed. We see the Beverage category, the value added healthy beverage category, that we compete in particularly in C stores and small stores, we see that adversely affected by the economy. So our growth in V8 has slowed during this period of time. We’ve also seen slower growth in Pepperidge Farm in a couple of key areas as well. But overall, I think we’ve got a portfolio that’s largely anchored in value offerings, which is why we expect our overall performance to be above average.  On the microwavable front, I think it’s a very viable proposition on a couple of fronts. And it’s up to us to market it more effectively. First of all, I know it has brought in other generations of consumers that were lost to canned soup, particularly college students and young adults who are living in the microwave not in the kitchen per se. And we know we’ve picked up incremental consumption with the microwavable proposition. It is at a premium price, so it has seen a slowdown, hence we focus very aggressively on our value offerings with cans, but we think it’s a big marketing opportunity with microwavable to position it as the ultimate brown bag lunch, where you can have a terrific and healthy lunch in an on the go kind of format. And so we’ve got some what we think are very promising marketing plans for that line. Now I think it’s forever going to have a place in our portfolio, and as we get the value propositions right across our portfolio I think microwavable is going to be just fine.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we’re still very much in the formative stages of the relationship. We don’t expect meaningful sales volume that’s going to move the dial on this business on our overall company profile this year at all. We’re just establishing distribution and learning to work together to market the brand. We have only a few SKUs in place at this point, three. We have a pretty robust expansion plan over the next couple of years that will take those three SKUs and make them 10 to 20 SKUs and take these few cities and make them 100 cities over the next two years. But this is very early days and again we don’t expect any meaningful sales contribution from Russia this year. I think in the coming two to three years, we do expect meaningful sales growth, but it’s early days.
Douglas R. Conant: The nature of this business is that there are quarterly moves, depending on the timing of new product introductions and the competitive activity. I think the way to look at it is over full years, not over quarters. And on a full year basis I think you’re going to see that we’ve had a pretty consistent level of spend against our total portfolio and against our soup business, which is well rounded, fully integrated, total marketing spend at a very competitive level as a percent of sales. And that includes our trade spend as well as our advertising and consumer promotion spending. I wouldn’t begin to suggest that you want to start reading the tea leaves on the quarters because they vary greatly as they do this quarter versus last quarter as it did versus three years ago. So I think you’ve just got to look at the total soup business as a full year business. And on that basis, our spending has been very consistent at a high level and very competitive with any other simple meal offering. That’s the way I’d look at it.
B. Craig Owens: Well, Eric, you know we’ve been talking about a lot of the work that we have going on in the supply chain. We talked last year at Cagney, we talked at the analysts day in July, and I guess while we do some analysis around what SAP is bringing directly and we feel very confident that we’re getting a payback on a pretty substantial investment that we did, the real power of SAP is as an enabler against some of these other things that we’re doing in the supply chain. It gives us better visibility, it gives us more standardized reporting, it gives us a more agile system. And so you know as time goes on it becomes harder and harder to tease out, you know, is this an SAP benefit per se or is this a benefit that’s enabled by SAP that really has to do with some of the initiative work we’re doing around you know continuous improvement programs that we’ve got in the plants? So you know I think as we move through time, the scorekeeping on SAP specifically becomes less and less meaningful and we just look at our enabler number. Our enabler number this year, this quarter was you know about 100 basis points ahead of the inflation number. And that’s partially of course because the inflation number’s down a little bit from where it was last year. But I think it also reflects the momentum we’re gaining in the supply chain with the work that we’re doing across the broad front.
B. Craig Owens: Well I think that hits the highlights. The difference between the EBIT increase in guidance and the EPS increase in guidance is all related to tax and interest assumptions. I do just want to say on currency, just to get us all level set at the same place, our original guidance we said had an assumption in it of between 1% and 2% beneficial currency and while we’re not going to get in the business of specifically guiding against the currency assumption, if you look at spot rates at the end of the quarter and project those out across the full year, it would have a 3% to 4% impact. So you know as we’re trying to analyze the top line here, I mean we’re within a half a percent or so of reflecting currency difference into guidance difference. And I think as Doug points out, it’s awfully early to be changing guidance period, particularly at the top line as we enter soup season.
B. Craig Owens: That’s right. And the favorable difference as you look at last year was all in better working capital performance, primarily in inventory.
B. Craig Owens: If you look back historically, last year was actually not a very strong year for us in terms of our working capital management, and so we do have an expectation that across the full year we’re going to do a better job with working capital this year.
B. Craig Owens: As we have said, our goal with the enabler program is broadly that we want to offset the inflationary cost of our various inputs. We were considerably ahead of that in the first quarter. We had about 170 basis points of gross margin contribution from the enabler program and you know that is roughly in line with the 180 that I think you’re referring to from the prior year. And that would be on the order of what we would expect for the full year.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think we’ve said we thought we’d be between 1% and 2% for the year. That still looks like about the right number. You’ve got on the unfavorable side or the increase side, tomato paste and tin cans. And we’re benefiting from actual deflation in some other commodities, particularly grains.
B. Craig Owens: And as you get outside of soup, some of the shift of resource that we’ve seen from below the line marketing to trade promotion is exactly directed at that and Pepperidge Farm and Beverage, our attentiveness to both price gaps and price points that we think are important.
B. Craig Owens: It’s worth about $0.03 and it’s been part of the expectation from the time that we gave our first guidance.
B. Craig Owens: Well we don’t give a specific guidance against the interest number for the full year. We continue to see some benefit to the really low rate environment. On the other hand, we have termed out some of our debt, so my expectation would be that for the full year, interest may be up very slightly versus prior.
B. Craig Owens: Well, again, Eric, the original guidance we specifically said that we were between 1 and 2 points of currency in the original guidance. And what we’ve said now is that we are improving our guidance and that at current spot rates, the currency impact would be between 3 and 4. So even if you assume that we are mechanistic in the way that we’re approaching the currency impact implied by the spot rate, we’re only talking about a half a point of difference, right? And actually that’s not precisely the way we’re looking at it. I think Doug was pretty clear earlier that at the end of the first quarter is not typically when we would even re-look at our guidance, given that we’re really just entering the soup season. So yes, there may be a little bit of conservatism in there, but I think we’re spinning around an awful lot over what really amounts to about a half a point here.
