B. Craig Owens: Let me start with the last piece of that and say that we are committed to the incremental spend against innovation and marketing. In the first quarter, we were cycling the worst inflation comparison that we'll have across the full year, and we probably had a little bit of a negative -- a more negative mix composition in the first quarter than we would expect to have for the balance of the year, Andrew. I think that for the balance of the year, for the remaining 3 quarters, we would still be expecting gross margin to be essentially flat. Whether we'll get back all of the reduction we had in the first quarter or not, I'm not sure. But I think we'll be essentially flat for the balance of the year.
B. Craig Owens: Well, partially, that's the reason for the range. But again, if you think about the profile of the P&L this quarter, the things that would be different as we look forward would be an expectation for a stronger top line, a somewhat better mix composition, stronger gross margin. And those things would give us the ability to show the higher marketing spend as we go forward in the balance of the 3 quarters and still hit within the range of our bottom line.
B. Craig Owens: So we're very happy with the sales execution, but I don't think you would have seen much impact on the actual numbers in the first quarter. They're pretty limited.
B. Craig Owens: First of all, I think there are 2 things that are important here. One is that when you think about the $100 million, you can think about it in lots of different parts of our P&L, right? We're supporting new product introduction with money that would show up in trade spend. We're increasing marketing spend. In this past quarter, for example, we made considerable investment in Beverages with -- and our Sauce business. As the year progresses, you'll see some increased advertising in soup. We're also supporting SG&A kinds of expenses in the P&L as we've put the innovation platforms that we've talked about together in CNA. The other thing -- and I think Denise made this point particularly back in July. It's not just a matter of bossing an extra $100 million in on top of what we were doing. There's been a tremendous amount of redirection of activity and effort in the base spending, so that we feel that we are being more effective in our spending within the R&D line, that we're being more effective with our spending inside the marketing programs against some of these products. So even in the event that, say, advertising against a particular product line may not be up significantly, we think we spending a little more wisely, and we're definitely more focused on new product and innovation. So I guess my point is it's a little hard to scorekeep across all of those different dimensions against the $100 million without also thinking about redirected activity within the base.
B. Craig Owens: We have said that we have a headwind of about $20 million on incentive comp, but that is not in any way counted in the $100 million.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we got off to a pretty tough start in both pieces of our Australia business, so Denise talked about Global Baking and Snacking. The soup side of that business was weakish also for some of the same reasons with respect to consumer weakness in Australia. And the European business, frankly, was soft, particularly in Germany and France.
B. Craig Owens: And so as with U.S. Simple Meals, we would expect to see some strengthening as we move through the year there.
B. Craig Owens: Well, Ed, I -- it's difficult to predict when the environment might change. 2 things are going on at the same time here. One is that we've seen really significant inflation into the category from both packaging costs and from juice concentrates. And the other thing is that we've seen a lot of competitive entrants into the category. So we have been intentionally being very competitive with respect to price and with respect to promotional activity to defend the territory that we've carved out there. Historically, I would say that the V8 red juice tends to be very responsive to the overall consumer environment and tends to weaken somewhat in difficult economies, strengthen somewhat in stronger economies. We've continued to see good growth from our innovative product entries, but we haven't gotten as much margin as we would normally like in those areas because of the circumstances that I just described. So I think as you look forward, clearly, we would expect to restore some margin to the category over time. But in the short term, it's going to be a rough piece of the business for us because of those circumstances.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we don't give a forecast on share buyback by the year. As you know, we've got a $1 billion program that was approved last June. I think the best thing I can do is just relate back to what we say about cash flow. First, priority is reinvestment in our business for good return. Our second priority is to the extent that we can identify good candidates for acquisition or partnership kinds of activities, invest in the expansion in our international business or in our domestic business in those ways. We try to be very consistent with respect to the way that we handle the dividend, and the share repurchase is sort of the last and most flexible piece of the cash flow picture for us. And in our order to keep it that way, we don't lock ourselves into a specific forecast for the year.
B. Craig Owens: We tend to look at the dividend versus the peer group that we're in, and while we don't have a written policy from the board, we sort of hang around the middle of the payout ratio of the peer set. And I think that would be the reasonable expectation looking forward.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, we have. We have said that input cost would be in the 8% to 10% range, that the net impact after our enabler program would be between 3% and 5% on total cost of sales.
B. Craig Owens: It has not changed, and the first quarter fell roughly in line with that. We were up between 7% and 8% in terms of input cost. Our enablers were about 3% of cost of sales.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, regarding the $100 million investment, we are absolutely committed to it. We've ramped up staff and funded our innovation breakthrough teams in R&D, and we are building a consumer-validated pipeline for F13 and beyond. And then you will continue to see increases in advertising and consumer promotion as the year unfolds versus a year ago.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, it's true that the shelf-stable juice category has weakened, and despite our declines, we actually did outperform the category. However, we believe that given the new entrants into the fruit and vegetable segments of the category, as well as vegetable-based segments, that we really needed to increase our promotion and protect our business. Now we have our new products shipping, starting with V8 V-Fusion smoothies, which early days look really positive. And our new advertising has started, too. So what we really would like to do as the year unfolds is rely more on the innovation and the brand building and much less on the price promotion going forward. But we'll have to watch the dynamics of the category because this is a very important business for us. In regards to Arnott's, needless to say that we are revising our plans to respond to this new reality. And we believe that we have very strong brands in that marketplace and will continue to work that. And the other thing we are doing is introducing new products into the market.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I mean, I think that the quality in the product is always important, and we at Campbell's take that very seriously. I do think though that based on what we did last year in the first quarter with the heavy discounting and the front-loading of our advertising, the fact that we are cycling with a whole different program this year is definitely going to show up in the comps. And so we felt that we had to explain that.
Denise M. Morrison: Right, right. But I think that what I can comment on is that we were encouraged by the fact that the volume declines weren't as severe as we modeled them, and that the elasticities were, in fact, better. That said, we know that to grow this category, we need a shift from stocking up to brand usage. And so the increase in marketing and advertising in quarter 2 and quarter 3 will be against that particular goal. So our expectation is that we'll continue to cycle a tough quarter in quarter 2, and we will be cycling comparable conditions starting February 1. But we will be in full swing for both quarters.
Denise M. Morrison: I believe that last year, when we did the heavy promotion discounting, we didn't get the volume lift that we had anticipated because given the recessionary environment, the consumer stock-up behavior had fundamentally changed. Thus when we had better price realization, the lift were actually a little better than what we thought. So I think that what we learned here is that the consumer is willing to pay a higher price for the product. That said, we have to make sure we maintain a good balance of promotional activity with regular pricing in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, first of all, just to sheer a number of new product entries in U.S. Soup was about 27 new SKUs this year versus 3 last year. So we hit the market with some force. And just to highlight, really, 2 new products that show early signs of encouragement: one, as you mentioned, Slow Kettle; and the second is Swanson Flavor Boost. And it's too early really to gauge consumer reaction at this point. But we have achieved our distribution targets, and we've got our merchandising plans in place. So far, our Slow Kettle distribution and velocity is on plan. And our Swanson Flavor Boost velocities are above target, and we believe that's due to the fact that we have now started our advertising and FSI support against that.
Denise M. Morrison: [indiscernible] in operating committee to work with us with a large amount of discipline to make sure that we're tracking where the money is spent and how we're getting the best returns for that investment. But this is going to take us some time.
Denise M. Morrison: We have a full court press against developing this consumer-validated pipeline. And we have -- remember, we had a number of R&D and consumer insights resources on sodium reduction in the past. We've been able to repurpose a large number of those resources towards developing new disruptive innovation, particularly in the area of Simple Meals, because we already had a pretty robust group against beverage and baked snacks. But it is in absolute full swing, and we're pretty pleased with the progress that they are making. That's not necessarily showing up in the P&L as you look at the numbers versus a year ago because there has been some reallocation. But as the year advances, you will start to see the advertising and consumer line jump.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I mean, we anticipate that the Pepperidge Farm part of our business, which performed well in the first quarter, will continue on that trajectory. We are dealing with the slower consumer environment in Australia. We did have more price realization in quarter 1, and we believe the pricing that the consumer experienced negatively impacted our volumes. So we are revising our plans to respond to this new reality. And we will continue to support our brands with strong levels of marketing support and introduce new products. And so we expect that there will be a positive response to this.
Denise M. Morrison: Advertising typically takes a little bit longer than the immediate gratification of a promotion. However, there's been some changes in our advertising that are really, really important. We did repeat an anthem spot because that really showed some good diagnostics last year. What we did was we revised our condensed soup spots to highlight more of the emotional aspects of the brands, given consumer feedback. So that's fundamentally different. We were also featuring our icons, chicken noodle soup, tomato, in those spots, which we did not do last year when we featured the other varieties. We continued with Chunky in the campaign as is because that was a very strong response. So we believe, overall, that we've learned from what worked last year and what didn't, and we strengthened the campaign. But we do expect that, that campaign will take time to seed and grow the business.
Denise M. Morrison: No, we moved prices up in June, but your observations are correct. In quarter 1, we're starting to see other branded and private label competitors improve their price realization.
Denise M. Morrison: Actually, the overall soup performance was better than what we were expecting this quarter in that we said that we were going to stabilize the category from a profitability standpoint for us and then grow net sales. And believe me, when we went away from the price discounting that we did last year and the volumes came in better than expected and therefore the profitability was better than expected, we believe we're on our way to stabilizing our business and then profitably growing from that base.
Denise M. Morrison: We found that for the quarter, shipments track consumption more closely than what we experienced last year. And in quarter 1, typically, we ship ahead of consumption because we're building for the season, but we did see a lower level of customer inventory than last year. And we believe that in the prior year, because of the heavy discounting we did, we were definitely shipping more cases ahead of consumption in the quarter last year. And we do track customer inventories for the majority of our customers. And actually, our inventories are down versus a year ago. So -- but we believe that the shipments are pretty much in line with consumption.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we turned it on August 1 last year against our reignite condensed launch, and we were pretty much done by the halftime. And this year, we turned it on the week after Labor Day, this is in soup, the week after Labor Day. And we intend to go through the third -- the end of the third quarter. In beverages, we turned on the advertising October 15. In sauce, we didn't advertise that much last year, so we actually started sauce advertising in the quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: So before we conclude our first quarter call, let me leave you with a few thoughts. The important point I want to make is while it's early, we are clear where we're headed, and we're beginning to execute our strategies. We'll continue to do what we said we would do, and we'll continue to tell you what's working, what's not and what we're doing about it. And while our first quarter financial performance was largely in line with our expectations, we recognize that we've got more work to do in our categories. Stepping back, the quarter serves to reinforce our conviction that more brand building and innovation are needed to deliver the profitable sales growth that we want. And as we focus forward, we're determined to build a different company at Campbell, one that creates value by driving sustainable profitable net sales growth. Thank you.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: And the other point to make there is we employed the same strategy in Canada that we did in the U.S. So volumes are down significantly in Canada as we pulled back significantly on our trade promotion level.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Just to give some more context on that. Our volume performance in soup in the first quarter, despite the list price increase in the fourth quarter and the reduction in trade, is better than the back half of last year.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Part of it is the nuance to how we calculate these variances. Certainly, on a dollar basis, year-on-year trade promotion spending is down in U.S. Soup. When we do the sales variances, you can think of it as if we're doing it on a rate-per-case idea. So promotional spending is down, and volume is down. And that's why you don't see it on the sales variance as much.
