Anthony DiSilvestro: Andrew, thanks for the comment. I think the way to think about it is, on our $140 million of cost savings, think of about half of that going into costs and the other half going into marketing and SG&A. So, within gross margin, that combination of cost savings and productivity savings should be ahead of inflation. So, it gives us some slight improvement in gross margin percentage. And then, that will provide the fuel to reinvest back into the marketing line as we go into 2020.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Obviously, our target remains 3 times debt to EBITDA but we won’t quite get there with the current proceeds. We need a little more time with the base business generating positive cash flow. But, we will make a meaningful reduction when we get the proceeds in.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. And I think, we talked about this last quarter. There’s about $20 million with each business, both Campbell Fresh and Campbell International. I think, the way to think about it is that that becomes part of our addressable spend on the core, against which our cost savings program that’s going to address and get after.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, a couple of comments to make on cash. We had a fantastic year this year on cash from operations and free cash flow. But, as you think about going forward, we don’t expect to be at the same level we are today. And first of all, two reasons. One is, Campbell Fresh was a positive cash flow generator; Campbell International was a positive cash flow generator. We won’t have those in the portfolio going forward. We had great progress on working capital this year. And so, although we expect to continue to reduce our working capital, probably not at the same pace that we did this year. So, that being said, we do expect to continue to generate significant positive cash from operations. That’s one of the attributes of this business. But, I don’t think we’re going to give you an exact number on that one. And in terms of the leverage ratio, I think, we’ll be meaningfully below 4 times debt-to-EBITDA by the end of 2020.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I mean, we’re still working through it, in terms of finalizing our 2020 expectations for cash flow. So, we just need to work through it ourselves first and foremost.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think, the point of it was I do think it’s more about the 11%, which is the partner and allied brands. I know everybody’s familiar in general with what those are, but we haven’t talked a lot about it. And I think, as we’ve gone through it, we’ve now spent a year or so running it. We recognize the importance of that business. But, I also would say, there is a tremendous amount of complexity that’s inherent with that. If you think about the addition, as I said in my comments of almost 2,000 SKUs that we’re trying to manage, what I would tell you is there some really good parts of that business and there’s some other parts that are very low margin, adds a lot of complexity. And I think as we go forward and we really want to get this business set for the future, we’re going to balance that. So, focus on the parts of it that we really see is enhancing that efficiency and scale as it was originally set up to do. And there’s probably some parts of that that we’ll rationalize going forward. And I know, a lot of times as we reconcile the growth rate on Snacks, for example, in this particular quarter, our power brands on Snyder’s-Lance grew 3% in market, while the total Snyder’s-Lance business was up about 1.5% or so. And that difference I think is important just to understand that going forward, as I would expect that to continue going forward. The balance of the non-core businesses, which are primarily our Emerald nuts business and our Pop Secret business, are actually -- been pretty stable contributors. And right now, we’ll always kind of review the portfolio and look at the longer term desire to have the optimal mix. I think, right now, we’re feeling pretty good with that base business as we move forward, and we’ll continue to look at it. But more importantly for us I think and this messaging was really about understanding the partner and allied brands a little better.
Mark Clouse: I think, overall, it’s -- I would say it’s going very well. And in fact, I think, in many ways, is a little harder to quantify this as you get into the journey. But, the reality is, I think, in many ways, we’ve been absent from the dialogue strategically with our customers on the vision in the future for these businesses. And I think, as we’re getting back to the table, really rolling up our sleeves and starting to see investment come and a focus in a very different way, the receptiveness to work together has been very, very positive. And I think, a lot of times we’ve talked about the challenges in soup as a category. But remember, the significance of how big this category is and what it represents for center of store for most of the retailer universe, it’s critical that there is a vision and a plan for this. And so, as you look -- again, I get it, a summer quarter, but as you look at a quarter like Q4 where you see overall positive response, not just in our business, but also improvement in the overall category, it goes a long ways to keep people interested and engaged. Now, I will say, I think, as perhaps as appropriate, I think, a lot of the retail universe wants to see the results as I think all of us in the effectiveness of some of the programs and the plans we’re doing. But, as far as where we are in the journey right now and where we’ve come from, I really could not be more pleased with the receptiveness and the collaboration of our retail partners.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean, I think, as we get to more stable footing, we will continue to look at the best deployment of capital. And again, I think, all of those are areas that we will continue to explore and make sure that we’re trying to optimize value, while also -- again, I’ve said this before, although I think it will come in a very different context, perhaps than where we’ve been in the immediate past, but I do think there are going to likely be some opportunities for some tuck-in M&A as well. And as we go forward, we’ll begin to frame that in a little bit more clarity. But, I do think, I’d stop short to say right now what the priorities are. But, of course, our focus is going to be on maximizing shareholder value. And we’ll continue to look at all those options, and working with the Board to find the plans going forward. But certainly, it is good. And I think in many ways, as I think about '19, as we complete the year, I think one of the strongest elements of that -- of this year has been that we have taken a lot of that uncertainty for the business off the table. And so, whether that is the balance sheet, whether that is a much more diverse portfolio as it relates to International and the Fresh business, I think the good news for us is, our core business now and the predictability of it, relative to the variables that we’re controlling, I feel really good about that. And I think that I hope that will also be a strong statement for investors as well, as you’re thinking about how to view our business going forward. And although we’ve got some important proof points in '20 to deliver, taking some of that downside off the table, I think is a very good progress for us in a year that saw a lot of moving parts.
Mark Clouse: Or said another way, Bryan, we contemplated to a certain degree those stranded costs as we went through the organizational redesign and restructure that we just rolled out a month ago. So, the progress to get there, but we certainly had visibility to that and thought about that and some of the design work we’ve been doing. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think so, Jason. We’re watching closely. I mean, one of the things we are realizing though is that -- and even if you look at this last quarter, we’ve been kind of I would say running a bit in front of consumption with our net sales and our shipments. And part of that is a little bit of what we’re lapping from a year ago. But, it is also a little bit of the recognition that as we strengthen our merchandising programs, the inventory levels that retailers are needing to support that is a little bit higher than it might have been historically. But, I do expect as we get into '20 to have a more normalized year on that, you’ll always see a bit of inventory that’s going to build in front of the season just because of the step-up in display and merchandising. But, I do think, as we kind of manage through the year, I don’t think you’ll see quite the volatility up and down as we did in '19.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think, it’s really savings more quickly. So, I think we’ve been able to execute on a few initiatives ahead of Pace. I don’t think, it’s truly incremental to the program. But, I do think, -- we’re obviously continuing to keep that pressure on as we go into '20 to continue to try to move initiatives as fast as we can, as we want to unlock that and that’s the fuel for the investment that we need on the business. We’re pleased that we’re getting to it sooner. But, I would not say that we’re seeing it as truly incremental savings for the overall program.
Mark Clouse: Yes, great question. So, your depiction of the pricing is exactly right. So, to give you a little bit more color on that, I do think, especially as you look at our Chunky business, I would say we in the absence of some of the support in marketing, I think some of the promoted price points that we’ve seen are more aggressive than what I would say is appropriate and sustainable. I mean, one of the things that as I’ve said before that’s quite powerful about Chunky is the quality of that product and its ability to really be -- to beat essentially any of the other ready-to-eat soups, on a quality perspective. And so, when we’re dealing it so deep on price, I just don’t think that’s the right platform. Now, what we will try to do is balance a little bit of that with some frequency and then, of course, a much more robust marketing program around it. And I think though and as we’ve all seen this before, I also don’t want to overset those expectations, as I know there will be some perhaps short-term impact of that as we move off it. But, it’s absolutely the right thing to do to create the margin stability and really the positioning of the brand going forward. Conversely, I think if you look at broth where we’re seeing the greatest amount of competition, I think there, although I would not say we want to get deeper on promoted price points, I do think our frequency has opportunity to increase as we make sure that those price gaps, especially in critical parts of the season are more competitive. And so, I think on both the broth business and selectively on condensed where we still see a little bit of outlier as it relates to particular price gaps, I think, you’ll continue to see us, again, not so much on lowering absolute price points, but adding appropriate frequency on merchandising. So, that’s the balancing act on pricing. And your second question is actually a great combination to that discussion on pricing, which is quality. So, the places where I think we have the greatest competitive pressure, whether it’s on broth or whether it’s on condensed is where you’re going to see a significant step up in quality. And that will come both from some product improvements and investment. So, think of enhancing ingredients. And again, as I said at Investor Day, we’re really focused on our four core SKUs and flavors on condensed which are cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, chicken noodle and tomato. So, across all four of those, you’ll see a combination of improvement in quality, while also really heightening some of the inherent benefits of the products within the existing formulations that we think are much stronger differentiation than we’ve been using in the past, whether that is double stock and simmer time on broth, whether it’s six tomatoes in every can of tomato soup, there’s a variety of things that we think we can really use to help. And we’ve done extensive research now too to really understand especially on our lapsed users. So, the consumers that are either trading to lower price offerings or departing our segments, what is really driving that behavior, and we’ve targeted the quality improvements to really try to answer those questions. And so, we’re feeling really good about that. And I think most of that will be ready as we go in the season. There will be a few of the quality improvements that will either flow in, in the back half of the season or a couple that likely won’t be fully in place, until '21. But, I am feeling good about what we’ll have to work with as we go into the '20 soup season.
Mark Clouse: It was already contemplated. But, I do think, as we start to try to help everybody see the detail of the soup results, because we’re all obviously going to be watching it very closely. What I’m really trying to do is make sure we’re really crystal clear on what the puts and takes are, and to a certain degree why are our expectations what they are. I do think, there are some elements within that distribution that again I do expect it to mitigate. And of course once we get the innovation going, that’s going to be a big help. But, I do think, there are some things within both of those businesses that I would expect to see, especially in the first half of the year.
