Douglas Conant: We highlighted some of that at CAGNY but clearly the focus at CAGNY was on our focus to what we call fire up condensed soup. We have a full platform of marketing and sales initiatives and innovation going against both Chunky, Select Harvest and Swanson’s broth and Swanson stock. I am not going to get into the specific details of it but I can assure you we will be fully competitive in terms of our innovation with any and all players in this segment. We will also be fully competitive from a marketing expense perspective and a selling perspective. We will compete vigorously. Not to worry. 
Douglas Conant: I guess the principle is we will compete vigorously. We believe in our capacity to compete at a level the competition would find challenging. Witness some of the comments by both the private label suppliers and by competitors. I was encouraged in this period because we actually competed vigorously in this last quarter, registered good volume gains and we were actually able to manage it within the context of our overall portfolio in a way that allowed us to hold our EBIT margin. We have the capacity to compete as is necessary and we are going to be very vigilant and not let anything get away from us as it did in the second quarter. We will compete and it is hard to say any more than that. 
Douglas Conant: I will do it at a high level but I will say when we have our analyst meeting in July when we have opportunity to amplify on the conversation we will have a very clear articulation of that on July 12th. What we are finding is we know what the key price points are to drive soup volume and sales. We don’t need to become overly obsessed with the myriad of simple meals alternatives out there.  We do have to be informed by the way they are promoting their products but our key challenge is just to execute against the soup category in an intelligent way, be alert to what is going on in the simple meal arena and quite frankly at this point I am just focusing on growing soup. I think we can do that with competitive price points that allow us to continue to build the business and do it in a margin-neutral to enhanced way.  It is not going to be helpful on this call to get into a detailed discussion of simple meals. We know what it takes to win in soup and we just simply need to do it. We missed an opportunity in the second quarter. We weren’t openly concerned about it. We were concerned but we knew we could course correct. We have. We are not overly thrilled with the performance. I think it is solid and it is about what we expected. We are just going to focus on growing the category and being better informed about what the simple meal activity is. 
Douglas Conant: The notion of competing vigorously is largely dependent on where the broader industry is going. As you know, shopping trips are down, consumers are incredibly value conscious and we just know we have to be competitive with our other soup players with private label and all other branded soups. When I talk about competing vigorously it is against other soup players while being informed by what is going on in this broader simple meal environment. I guess the answer when you look forward is it depends.  It depends upon how competitive it gets. We believe we have the operating efficiencies and the productivity mindset that is going to allow us to compete vigorously and hold or enhance margins. That is the approach we are taking. We will see where the industry heads but we believe we can manage our way through it at least as well if not better than anyone else we compete with. 
Douglas Conant: Actually the economics as you know are incredibly favorable as condensed soup gets traction and outperforms the rest of the category. That enables us to leverage our scale in a very advantaged way. As long as at-home consumption and at-home dining is up and as long as our condensed soups are seen to be a good value solution for consumers we are extraordinarily well positioned in this environment to be able to navigate that. 
Douglas Conant: Absolutely. We have a model here we work with that is called Total Preferred Value and it has to do with the combination of all of the benefits both the product benefits, advertising and trade promotion activity all divided by the price and all relative to competition. So we do look at it as a bundle. If I piece it apart a bit, first of all our advertising as Craig mentioned our spending is down but our total grips are up. We are out there. Our share of voice is quite strong relative to other alternatives. Again, you have to view our trade promotion as partly offsetting all of the pricing that went on in the past two years which is why we have been able to as costs have come down and being up 1-2% has enabled us to compete vigorously on the trade promotion line and still have good margins.  I think we have a good formula here. We are committed to growing the category. As the category leader we have to do that and I think going forward you are going to see a step up in our marketing spend and our marketing expense line. We intend to grow the category. 
Douglas Conant: We don’t release the 13-week periods. We are only going to do the 52’s. You will start, as we build up some traction with the program every quarter you will get some visibility into it. Obviously we felt better about the third quarter than we did the second quarter. 
Douglas Conant: Retailers have a high interest. Some retailers did do that. Retailers have a high interest in the category. It is the largest category in the center of the store. It is a proven traffic builder. As they are really competing now to get store trips up and to get their share of market up, soup is a natural product for them to focus on. Some of them give up a little margin to do that. 
Douglas Conant: We are looking at higher productivity saves this year versus last year. The Enabler Program as we call it continues to not only do well but actually accelerate. Undoubtedly one of the drivers of that is in fact the implementation of SAP across North America. It gives us better visibility across our plant network and more standardization. I still think we are relatively early on the learning curve around SAP so I think there is some opportunity to continue to build. The other place you are seeing it is in our improved working capital and inventory performance because another thing the new system platform has done is give us better visibility particularly to raw material inventories in the plant. 
Douglas Conant: No. We can’t reconcile against your numbers obviously but there are a couple of things to take into account. One is some retailers do give up some margin and do take prices down further than we are as they try and build their promotional profile. We do manage inventories or help…our customers manage about 60% of our inventory base and there has been no appreciable change in the inventory level. 
Douglas Conant: I would love to get out the crystal ball. I guess we know at what level we need to be competitive in order to grow the category. We will see what happens. I suspect these kind of levels might very well be required as we go into next year but we will see. We are going to be very agile here and we are going to stay on top of competitive pricing in the soup category and also we will be informed by pricing in some of the key categories in other simple meals and we will just make sure we are at an appropriate price point and we think we can manage that in a way that allows us to kind of continue to grow earnings. The answer is we will see. 
Douglas Conant: Very carefully. We will be very careful with that. The promotional price points we are at are promotional price points we have been at in the past. So this is more of a return to more competitive price points than before and I think we will find the right balance. As I said we are going to maintain a strong marketing profile as well as a trade promotion profile here. We have the scale and we have the opportunity with our condensed franchise to spend back nicely and get good returns. So we believe we can manage through it but we do have to manage the whole marketing mix. You are absolutely right. 
Douglas Conant: Good question. As I mentioned when Eric asked the earlier on simple meals we are going to have a full discussion on simple meals in our July analyst meeting. I think within the context of having a full period of time to have a quality conversation we can get into simple meals in a more complete way. I think from my perspective for this call we are approaching it as managing what we can manage which is the soup business and our competitiveness in the category and being smart about what is going on around our category. Until we have our July meeting I think that is the appropriate posture to have. We do know when we have good, competitive price promotion in soup we can deliver quality results. I am comfortable with that now. More to come and we will talk in July.  
Douglas Conant: Modest volume growth has terrific leverage on our P&L. So to the degree we have confidence in our ability to manage our costs as Craig articulated we do, and we do have the ability to control our pricing, we lead pricing in our categories, we ought to be able to manage our way through this and get good leverage out of volume. The challenge is obviously to get the volume going and that is what we did in the third quarter. I believe for the next year that is something we should be able to continue to do particularly as we get into the first half of next year. 
Douglas Conant: Sure. I hate to say it but that is a good observation. We do manage a portfolio of businesses. Our first strategy says we focus on healthy beverages, baked snacks and the simple meal arena. The healthy beverage piece around V8, V8 has been arguably the best organic juice beverage company in the world over the last 5-6 years. We have done an exceptional job of leveraging the trademark, maintaining some premium pricing, selling consumer issues around their intake of vegetables and fruit and have built a wonderful innovation stream against V8 and we are very bullish about that business going forward.  We are also bullish about baked snacks. Between healthy beverages and our baked snacks business which is also arguably been the best performing baked snack business around the world, that is about 40% of our EBIT. So there is a wonderful story there. Then if you go into these other sauces that I believe are benefiting from at-home meal consumption, we call the meal-makers like Pace and Prego and to a lesser extent Swanson broth which is a component to a meal, we also see growth in those businesses. Overall we feel very good about our portfolio. This is going to be an area of focus when we get together in July.  So we have a nice growth story here and this at-home meal making environment our sauces have been performing well and actually our broths have also been performing well as have our cooking soups which are used in meal preparation as well. So between healthy beverages, baked snacks and a large component of our simple meal portfolio we feel as if we are well positioned to compete. 
Douglas Conant: There is no evidence to that effect at this point in time. As you know most of the customers at this point, virtually all of them have locked in their plans for the space allocation and promotional activity for the upcoming soup season. There is no evidence to suggest they are viewing it negatively. In fact, there has been actually great interest in our focus on the relaunch of condensed coup. There is I would say a high level of energy for the soup category from a retail perspective going into the year. They are looking for great value offerings that address the consumer who is feeling value stretched, who is looking for at-home meal solutions and we think the soup category is very well positioned there and our customers are responding well to that. I am cautiously bullish about the response from the customer. There has been no evidence of any pulling back from the customer as you have actually seen in the third quarter with the numbers. 
Douglas Conant: We feel very good about Select Harvest and we view it within the larger context of our portfolio strategy. We had Chunky that was very much targeted to men. We needed to get a competitive entry that was targeted to women. We were able to successfully launch it. As you know or I believe you know, Select Harvest was the IRI new product of the year. The best selling new product in the entire food store in its first year going through January 1 of this year. So it was a big success in year one. As you often do you expect to have things soften in year two as you lap pipeline and other promotional launch activities.  We feel very good about it and we are poised to have a very good year next year. So overall we feel good about it. Just like in Chunky we have to get the right promotional price points but we have a great proposition there so we are very comfortable with it. 
Craig Owens: As we talk about our expectations going forward you also have to remember that we have a very aggressive SG&A target over the next 3 years of cutting out $150-200 million out over the 3-year period which should deliver zero overhead growth incrementally to all the other cost management work. We have a clear line of sight to having a very competitive cost position over the next three years. 
Craig Owens: We will talk in a little bit more detail about our outlook around inflation for next year when we do the fourth quarter. I think directionally I think the things you pointed to would be the way we are looking at it. We also have a hedging program so we are covered for some of that exposure as we move into 2011 but we will give you an inflation outlook next quarter. 
Craig Owens: In the quarter currency at the top line was worth about 5 points. At EPS currency was worth more like 7 points. 6-7 points.  
Craig Owens: For the full-year I think we are probably still more in the 3-4 range. The quarter is not indicative of the full-year. 
Craig Owens: The other aspect of it is the portfolio management piece of it that Doug mentioned earlier. You saw us simultaneously get more competitive, drive more top line and have better profitability in this quarter than we did in the second quarter. Part of it was the benefit of higher volume and part of it was the benefit of managing the total portfolio toward that end. 
Craig Owens: I agree with your analysis of the balance sheet. Obviously in terms of priorities reinvestment in organic growth is our first priority because it is typically the thing that gives us the best value creation. Don’t forget we have also pointed to a willingness to be more aggressive in looking for acquisition opportunities. That is a second area where the strength of the balance sheet could help and we have raised our dividend again this past year. We tend to look at the share repurchase program as the component of cash flow that is more flexible depending on what we are doing with acquisitions or more recently in the past with divestitures. We upped our share repurchase program as we divested properties. I think that is the way we will continue to look at it going forward. The cash flow strength of the company and the balance sheet strength of the company is well understood and appreciated here. We are constantly trying to figure out how to best leverage that. 
