Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. Before taking your questions, I wanted to add a new section to our comments for this quarter and the remainder of the fiscal year. As we discussed at our Investor Day, transparency and clear milestones are important to track the progress of our turnaround. You may remember this page from June, which I believe continues to serve as a great scorecard for our progress against the key metrics we outlined. I feel very good about the underlying progress we have made to start the new fiscal year. While we have more work to do in terms of stabilizing the topline, we are slightly ahead of schedule on margins and EBIT and I'm very pleased with our progress around building a winning team and culture, especially the speed at which we have implemented our new operating model and how we are adding new skills and capabilities while saving cost. On balance, we are doing what we said we would do. With that, let's take some questions.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean I think the reality Andrew is, is that we are a little bit ahead of where we expected as it relates to EBIT and some of that is the reflection of cost savings coming a little faster. We don't necessarily see them to be incremental on the year, but we're always happy when we can get to savings a little faster. But I would suggest that the upside in Q1 is a little bit of timing that I would expect to smooth out over Q2. And, as we -- as Mick said in his comments, we're kind of expecting to exit the first half pretty much right down the center of the fairway as it relates to where our 52-week guidance sits relative to both kind of top and bottom line. And maybe a little bit of opportunity if we continue to see some of that momentum on Soup and could continue to move forward on savings. But for where we are right now, we see a little bit more of it is as the timing factor.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a great question. First on the phasing. So what I would tell you is, let me kind of hit it both on the shipment and the consumption side. So on the shipment side, I would say, we see a fair amount of the first month of the quarter and it's building very strong confidence that this idea of the phasing shifting from Q1 to Q2 will in fact occur. I think on the consumption side, we also continue to be very encouraged by what we're seeing in the latest four week numbers. They're some of the better performance on, like I said, the places that have gotten the majority of the advertising. However, what I will say is the next two weeks of consumption that we don't have will be inclusive of the key weeks of the holiday. So I would tell you in a couple of weeks from now, I'll have a very good feel for how we fared through Thanksgiving, which of course is a pretty quick turn from that one into Christmas and the December holiday period. So we'll have a little bit of foreshadowing there. But like I said, all of the indicators I see right now are, for the most part, either very much in line or in some cases a little bit ahead and more positive than I might have expected at this point. And then let me talk about the distribution. It's -- I do think that there is a reality of retailers really rationalizing their space and understanding where the value creation is happening in the store. And in some cases that may be reducing assortment to create greater slots for core items that may be turning at much faster pace and I think that we are seeing a little bit of that within the world of Soup. And in our mind that's okay, right. That's where a lot of the non-regrettable rationalization is happening. If you take the last 10 items within our condensed soup business, it's in the third and fourth quartile. As it relates to velocity, those aren't our most efficient SKUs anyway. And so the idea that we get to a little bit more focused and tighter set and especially given some of the early successes we're having on supporting the core, I would say we feel pretty good about that and kind of are managing it and expecting it. I think the 20%, in some ways, has to do with the fact that I would describe it a little bit as collateral damage as retailers may have kind of cut a bigger piece, given a backward look at the performance of the category and our businesses. And I think, that is a risk that we certainly identified and understood. And I think we'll reverse that. I don't think it's a -- the key that I think people should be focused on is, do we think it's systemic and going to continue. And the answer is, I do not believe that will happen. I think we're getting to a very good set now where the foundation of the distribution, I need to get that 20% back, which I think we're building some good cases to do it, and then build smart innovation on the top of that, things like our convenience platforms where over time we're going to see a range of options that includes seven ounces, that include our 11 ounce sipping going up, all the way to 12-ounce, which is a little bit more of a meal replacement size. This combination of bringing more relevant formats into the isle, that's what we're making some room for and I think that we're going to have a very strong story going forward. So I think your insight is right. I think we're certainly experiencing it here, but I also feel good that we're turning the tide and even as we're having conversations with customers, we already have agreement in certain areas where we're going to bring stuff back or that the acceptance of our innovation so far has been very, very strong.
Mark Clouse: No, I think you should expect over the course of the year for them to be pretty close. It's always a little -- there's always a little bit of choppiness as you think about timing. So you know, what is you look forward, really think about where the key holidays hit. We'll have Easter here ahead of us in the quarters ahead. But I think the full year should be pretty close where consumption and shipments should be aligned. We see no reason to expect a material step down in further inventory levels and -- or any other cause or factor that would change it beyond what we're going to experience a little bit from quarter-to-quarter.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So as we sit here today, the capital priorities would be consistent with what we previously communicated, where essentially it's about supporting the growth of the business, reducing our debt and paying our dividends, right. That's kind of been the framework of what we've been living into. I do think and I don't think this day is necessarily today, and for the most part, probably won't be within this year. But as we get ourselves back closer to that 3 times level, I do think we're open to that conversation. Of course, we'll continue to maintain kind of that those top two of -- or top three of investing in growth, of course managing that debt level down and paying our dividend. But then at that point. I think it's right to have the conversation on would we look at other tuck-in M&A that might fill in some holes within our portfolio or be valued combinations with some of the businesses we have today. I would not expect us to be heading into transformational and bigger M&A. I just don't think that's where we are right now in the journey. But I could imagine that as we get into a reasonable debt level that we might look at some smaller contributions as well as of course always, although not approved today, I think there is always room for conversation around share repurchasing or increasing dividend, depending on the circumstances and kind of how we view the outlook going forward. So I think that conversation happens kind of as we're exiting this year into next year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, I think part of it Jason is the one-time items are just going to give a little bit of a bump into Q1 that was contemplated in the year, but certainly shows Q1 up a little bit. That obviously we expected. I do think some of the underlying improvement on the cost side is what we were pleasantly surprised with a little bit earlier, both on the operating model within this admin costs and SG&A side as well as a little bit of some of the cost savings that sit within the selling and marketing number. One of the numbers that's really important to think about is, our marketing and selling was down about 4%, but that was driven primarily by about a 9% decline on the selling, which had to do with a little bit of what we've done through the reorganization. Our marketing was up about 4%, but even more importantly within that our A&C was up 12% in the quarter and Snacks was up 23%, Meals & Beverage was up 2%, but Soup was up 15%. So, I think what happened was, we got a little bit better inflow of those savings in Q1. I would expect that most of that should smooth out in Q2. It's not like we pulled fourth quarter savings into Q1. I think it was more kind of months of timing that it was full year. So as I said, I think if I'm looking at the first half, I'm kind of expecting the first half total to look very consistent with what our full year outlook or guidance is.
Mark Clouse: Sure. Yes, happy to do that. Yes, I think if you look at kind of the building blocks as you went through it. Our cost savings and our productivity that was in there was about the same amount as the investment and that's why you're seeing a relatively flat bottom line and the way to think about the year on Snacks, this might help give you perspective is, if you remember, we kind of started this investment model on Snacks in Q3. And so if you imagine that the synergies being relatively stable across the four quarters, your first couple of quarters are going to have material steps up in the marketing and advertising as well some investment in trade that we're still working on to get those price points right primarily on the Snyder's-Lance businesses. As you go through the year, the incrementality of what we're spending from a marketing standpoint will drop and more of those cost savings will come through. So I think as you look at subsequent quarters, I would expect the margin to improve in each quarter. And by the time you get to the end of the year, I think it's probably going to be much closer to what you might have modeled for the year with all of the puts and takes we've given you.
Mark Clouse: Yes, you know Chris, I always try to avoid giving direct quarterly guidance, but I do think the best way I can give it to you is in the context of kind of what we expect for the first half, and if you kind of plot out what I'm essentially saying, you're absolutely -- your variables are absolutely right. So a little bit of opportunity on the top line. But again, remembering that it's off the base and relative to what we would have experienced perhaps on the downside in Q1. So to kind of be right where we are guiding for the first half in totality. And I think for EBIT, we'll be roughly in that same bucket as what we're guiding for the year on the 52-week number on the EBIT side. And I do think that will flow through to EPS although, remember the big driver for the year as we look at the delta between EBIT and EPS is obviously the interest and as we expect to complete the divestiture process in Q2, that then will be the unlock for kind of accelerating EPS a little further. So take that into mind as you're thinking about how building those -- all those pieces back and to get to a Q2.
Mark Clouse: Yes, you know again, I think call it over the years of doing this. I'm always a little hesitant to direct the gross margin, but I do think the way I would expect the building blocks to work is, we do think inflation is a bit front-loaded. We do expect that to have some moderating effect over the balance of the year. The investment profile doesn't really have a major spike in any of the quarters. I mean, I think if there was a little bit more, it would be around this holiday period which kind of sits a bit in Q1 and Q2. So, there's a little bit of an uptick there as I talk about some of the investment in Snacks, in particular. So that might be a little bit of distortion early on, but I think for the most part we expect this kind of profile of an inflation rate that's a little higher than our base productivity offset by cost savings of which half will go to the business and again that half part is in gross margin part of it's in admin costs and then of course the other half of that cost savings is going into the investment. So that $140 million to $150 million, half of it is going to the bottom line spread between margin and below margin and the other half goes to fund the investment uptick that we're making. So that's kind of the way the year looks and for the most part I think on the gross margin side, you'll see pretty steady pacing through the year.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. So with regard to the cost savings, it's a good question. I spent quite a bit of time on it since joining the company, particularly, obviously the cost saving programs as well as the focus on the synergies with regard to Snyder's-Lance and going -- looking at the first quarter, generated about $45 million of cost savings. We're off to a good start. I feel good about it. I feel good where we are. That being said, it's still early in the year and all that -- kind of looking at the details, I do feel very good about the target of $140 million to $150 million for the full year.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, we did. $350 million, it hasn't changed. It's basically in line with what we previously provided.
Mick Beekhuizen: Sure. Yes, let me take that Mark and you can add in the back-end but just -- if I look at kind of I tend to look at probably a little bit more across the P&L and if we then look at kind of Q1 EBIT and break down the different components, that's probably the easiest way to look at it, you see that basically there was a slight topline decline, which was then basically offset by some gross margin improvements. Then within sales and marketing, we had savings from our selling expenses slightly more than offset our increased marketing investments. And then if you look at the admin expenses, those were primarily driven by savings from the restructuring of our operating model. And then finally, within, particularly other income, there were some one-time items that I described more in detail, as you know, in my prepared remarks.
