Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Candice. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup’s fiscal 2017. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we’ve created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Lastly, please mark your calendars to our planned fiscal 2018 earnings dates. We plan to release earnings on November 21, 2017, February 16, 2018, May 18, 2018, and August 30, 2018. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Ken Gosnell: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1404-537-3406. The access code is 6692641. You have until September 14 at midnight, at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the website and just click on recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have any further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with question, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at 856-342-3737. Thanks, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Andrew, you raised a very good point and it’s always a very thoughtful process to balance the performance in the short-term with significant long-term investments. In this environment and for the last several years, we have been acting very decisively and aggressively. When you think about it, we bought five companies in the last five years. If you include the pending acquisition of Pacific, we divested lower performing businesses. We have closed several manufacturing facilities and consolidated assets and giving – give – invested to give us much more flexibility and cost savings in our supply chain. We’ve realized our cost savings program over delivering the $300 million a year early and setting a goal for another $150 million, which we have a line of sight to. And we’ve really amped up new models of innovation going into places that we haven’t gone before. So we haven’t been sitting still for a moment. And this continued stream of investment is on top of all of that activity. And we believe that the investments that we’re making really – are in sufficient support in 2018 to get these ideas jumpstarted and/or continue to invest where we have already been activating. And so I’m comfortable with the fact that, it’s the right level of investment and we’re still able to show some EPS and EBIT growth in the process.
Denise Morrison: Yes, we don’t necessarily comment on the specifics with a customer, but let me answer the question more in aggregate. Our negotiations with customers for soup season involve joint business planning with plans for spending and merchandising linked to a sales goal. And what we seek are win-win-win solutions, win for the consumer, win for the customer and win for Campbell. And so, in this particular situation, we were not able to achieve that negotiation. And so what I can tell you though is, our programs are strong, our A&C investment is robust and our new products are really unique with the Well Yes! and Chunky Maxx. And they’ve been really well received by customers in general in the marketplace, and we will continue to keep the dialogue open and strive for that win-win-win solution.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Yes, I think that the – again, as I said, I think the retailer environment right now is hypercompetitive. I mean, you’ve got the Amazon acquisition of Whole Foods, the expansion of Leadle and Aldie, creating some new retail formats and some escalated competition in the marketplace. However, I’m optimistic that retail continues to morph. I mean, I remember and I’m going way back when club stores and supercenters were a new format. And the retailer market and companies like ours adjust to that. So we’re really focused on making our brands accessible in multiple channels, and we believe that the new sales design that we have will help us in that effort. So, yes, I do think these are challenging times. And I do think that, as the consumer changes, retailers will change with the consumer and we’ve got to do the same.
Denise Morrison: Right. So in the snacking area, I’ll take it in three parts. The first is our internal innovation. And we have real insights about the frequency of consumer snacking and mini meal consumption now five times a day as opposed to only about a third of the population eating three square meals. So we think that’s a very rich space for us to expand with our brands internally. So we have a concerted effort across the enterprise to really look at the – a series of platforms that we’ve identified and bring health and well-being more into the front and center on snacking, starting with mindful kids snacking, which we think is a good base for us. So the investment is really in the people and resources to amp up that internal innovation. The second part of it is partnerships, and we’re continuing to look at partnerships like Chef’d, for example, where we can actually incorporate our brands into new models and accessible channels. And then the third would be, smart M&A. And we continue to be very disciplined about the M&A that we do and this will be no different. But this is an area, where we have an interest, particularly in the better-for-you snacking arena. So it’s really a three-pronged approach, but we do believe that’s a very robust space for us as a company across the enterprise.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think that’s built into the growth expectations for the Global Biscuits and Snacks Division, and some of the innovations that we will be developing will also be hitting the marketplace in future years.
Denise Morrison: I’m comfortable that we’ve given you the information that we’re willing to disclose. So, beyond that, I don’t believe we should be talking about the details.
Denise Morrison: Yes, we have a very disciplined robust process with our customers in joint business planning, which starts with discovery of opportunities, development of ideas, decisions made and then delivery and execution. And so, we have been working on these joint business plans for many years with many customers. They really involve things like pricing merchandising shelves, performance, consumer activation, customization, packaging, product assortment, they’re very, very comprehensive strategic plans that we co-develop with our customers. And we have very strong programs this year and very robust plans with customers. So I’m optimistic with this other one situation that we will get to a win-win solution.
Denise Morrison: We believe that we have the right balance of strengthening our core business and at the same time expanding into faster growing spaces. So, again, we believe that we are spending adequately and aggressively in our Global Biscuits and Snacks in our Campbell Fresh business to build those very on-trend categories. Just a reminder, though, the soup business is still a very large and profitable business for us, and we have to keep our brands differentiated and relevant. And so we’ve been really investing very specifically in the real food credentials of our core business to better satisfy consumers and customers and innovation to keep the center store robust, which is definitely needed in today’s environment. We – that said, we have had really good margin expansion in the category and we’re operating as a company very profitably. So, I do think that if there are M&A opportunities out there that we can bolt-on or supplement what we’re doing, we are open to that, but we’re again, very disciplined about our approach to that.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Private label has definitely been around for a long time and has traditionally been below average share in our categories. And acknowledging the fact that we did feel the impact on Swanson broth this year. We believe in a world of private label that the best insulation is brand differentiation and that’s where we’re focused. And so, and the other – the flip side of it is, in the Fresh business, we do participate with store brands in some of our fresh categories. So it’s not a one size fits all on how to work in an environment with private label.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So if I think about it in its components, we – and as Denise said, we do expect to see top line growth in Campbell Fresh in 2018, as we get the capacity for beverage back up to where we need to be. We turn on the promotional program, that’s kind of happening now as we speak, so we do expect growth there. We do expect growth in Global Biscuits and Snacks. The Pepperidge Farm business driven by Goldfish has performed well, so we expect that to continue. Fresh Bakery is a little bit of a drag on that portfolio. Frozen is a little bit of a drag on that portfolio. Arnott’s, we expect a little bit of growth and we expect to turnaround or stabilize our business in Indonesia. So I would say, in Global Biscuits and Snacks a little bit of growth. As you pointed out on Americas Simple Meals and Beverages two negative drivers. One is now the issue on U.S. soup and the other is the expected decline although hopefully to a lesser degree on our V8 Beverage businesses. So, that gets into negative territory in aggregate. And I think the range reflects some expectation and some realization of the environment in which we’re operating. And that’s how we came to a decision to go down to that minus 2 as to the lower end of the range so.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, that is fair. So it’ll show up in the financials. It will look like a reduction in trade and a lower trade rate that will flow through to lower volumes, which we think will off – or more than offset the trade reduction. So, therefore, lower sales. It will have some negative impacts on EBIT and we’re looking for ways to mitigate the bottom line impact through incremental cost savings and a redeployment of some of that trade elsewhere.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I mean it’s – there’s two things. One is the seasonality of soup. So it is going to impact both the first quarter and then the second quarter. And the reason that you don’t see it’s less so in the back-half is how the in-season and out of season pricing works on soup. So the big delta that you’ll see on shelf prices is really up first-half in-season issue and not so much when we get out of season in the back-half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I guess, it’s really hard for us to tell you what the retailer’s promotional program it is going to be in the category. We know what it is vis-à-vis our product. It’s hard for us to sit here and say, we know what they’re going to do with respect to the other brands within this category. I will add this situation with this retailer is unique to the soup category and not to the other categories in which we participate even with this retailer. So it is confined to soup, and again, it’s really hard for us to say what that retailer is going to do.
