Douglas R. Conant: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning. Happy Thanksgiving. This morning we reported earnings per share of $0.82. This result was consistent with the estimate we gave on November 10 when we adjusted our annual guidance. At our Analyst Day last summer and in our Annual Report we gave a consumer view of our entire portfolio. We divided it into healthy beverages, baked snacks, and simple meals. We further divided simple meals into meal makers and meals. Within that framework, we delivered a strong performance in healthy beverages this quarter. We also delivered solid results at Pepperidge Farm, which comprises over half of our baked snacks business. In addition, sales of condensed cooking soup, the largest component of meal makers, rose this quarter. Growth in these businesses supported a 1 point quarterly gain in volume mix, an important improvement compared with minus 4 points in last year's first quarter. With that as background, today I'll give you some perspective on the performance of our largest simple meals business, U.S. Soup. Then I'll focus on the softness in the ready-to-serve soups and condensed eating soups, since they are the primary drivers behind the recent guidance change. I'll also highlight the actions we're taking to improve our soup performance over the balance of the year. As we discussed earlier in our earlier release, in the first quarter to improve our soup volume performance we stepped up our promotional profile, launched an umbrella advertising campaign, and improved our in-store merchandising. We saw pockets of strength, most notably our condensed cooking soups and our Healthy Request soup varieties, both of which delivered sales and volume increases in the quarter. However, our promotions did not deliver the planned volume increases in our ready-to-serve soups or our condensed eating soups. The backdrop for the limited market response to our promotional activity in these two soup segments during the quarter reflects the difficult consumer environment, which as you know is pressuring volumes of other industry players. It also suggests an extraordinary competitive activity within the category. This competitive activity affected both our ready-to-serve soups and our condensed eating soups, as competition very aggressively promoted ready-to-serve soups in many cases at prices on parity with our condensed varieties. As reported earlier, we chose not to match some of this promotional activity. In my view, it simply was and is not in the best long-term interest of the category. As we look forward to the balance of the year, we expect the second quarter to be extremely competitive, potentially comparable to the first quarter. While this will put pressure on our earnings, again, next quarter we will maintain a strong promotional program to protect our leadership position with consumers and to honor our customer commitments. As we move in to the second half of our fiscal year, in anticipation of commodity cost inflation and to improve profitability, we expect to adjust our promotional programs to improve price realization and to begin rebalancing our marketing mix towards advertising and brand building. In addition, we will step up our investment in innovation to drive category growth. We'll cover more on these fronts at CAGNY in February. Now, to expand on our performance in the quarter and to review this year's profit delivery expectations, I'll turn you over to, Craig Owens.
Douglas R. Conant: Sure. The first thing I had observe is, what a great category, and what a great leadership position we have. We are in nine out of 10 households in the United States. In U.S. Soup, we have on average anywhere from 8 to 10 cans in the pantry. We are incredibly relevant to today's consumer. So, we have a high penetration and we have a real presence in the fabric of American families in the U.S. Soup business. Our challenge, I think is to deal with some paradigm shifting going on where our consumers are rethinking the way they purchase their food and beverage products. If  I was to look at it, I'd say clearly the increased promotional activity that was accelerated by some of the competition just hasn't helped the category. My experience is, when we innovated the category benefits and we win. When we innovated at earlier in my tenure with the first microwavable soups, Soup at Hand was the product of the year in the food industry and the category grew. When we innovated with iQ Maximizer under Shelf, the category grew. When we innovated and ready-to-serve soups with the whole new fresh look at our Select Harvest franchise target at women, Select Harvest was the product of the year in the food industry and the category grew. I think our challenge is, that we didn't have adequate innovation to attract consumers in a compelling way to the category this year and price alone is just not enough. The other thing I think we need to do is get back to a better balance between our promotional spending and our brand building activity. We are competing with a lot of simple meal alternatives we have to have a meaningful presence there. We're in the pantry, we've got to get out of the pantry and we have to increase usage. We're not going to do that through price promotion that puts more in the pantry, we've got to pull it out. So, I think the focus on brand building and relevant innovation are the two keys for the U.S. Soup business. That having been said, I feel great about the platforms we built in our healthy beverage portfolio and our baked snacks portfolio as I shared in July. We arguably have the best performance in the world in baked snacks over the last five years, and we have great innovation there. We arguably have the best performance in healthy beverages in the last five years, and particularly in vegetable-based beverages. We have great innovation there. So, we've got to innovate and brand build in soup the way we have in the past and the way we're doing in the other categories, and that in 25 words or less is the challenge – or more…
Douglas R. Conant: Yeah, interestingly Andrew, it’s too early to call on the condensed soup relaunch. We had terrific response on half of our portfolio in condensed cooking soups. Where we got hurt was in condensed eating soups with aggressive price competition from other players, price competition that I honestly believe is not sustainable and we just chose not to compete at that level, and we will slog through that over the next quarter or two.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, it’s roughly steady, but I'd say, if I had to – our measurement in this area is not – it's hard to measure but if I were to say anything, there's been a tick up in this period and over the last 12 months and so it's not an issue per se of people putting our soup in the pantry. Our challenge is getting it out of the pantry, which is why we chose not to be as competitive as we could have been in our promotional spending. We believe in the long-term benefit of brand building and we're going to focus on that as we go forward.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we've got to rethink that given the environment as it's changing, but I think there was some good work done by someone from your crowd that talk about our share of spending and I think that we've got a commanding presence there. I think we can find our way through that, but we clearly have to have better balance between our trade spend and our consumer spend.
Douglas R. Conant: A couple things, Eric. First of all, I think the reason you see the deterioration in category performance is not necessarily due to innovation. It’s simply due to some very aggressive price promotion and sales deflation. I think on a volume basis it's holding up just fine but nonetheless, the sales dollars are down. I believe every category has its own rhythm and we focused heavily on renovation here within our U.S. Soup portfolio this year. We were very focused on getting our product quality up, our sodium levels down. As you know, we have front-of-pack labeling coming in the next few years, and we wanted to make sure that our portfolio was very prepared for front-of-pack labeling in a very positive way. We’ve done that, but what I meant was we did a lot of renovation and not a lot of innovation. Now other peers have also talked about that and there is a recognition in today’s environment you need to create more excitement in your category. We just didn’t do that in soup this year but I would go back to – we have done it in prior years, and we have done it in other categories. So our challenge now is to rethink how we compete and take a fresh look as Andrew talked about, given the reality that the consumer is changing their shoppings behavior and we've got to come up with creative solutions here because some of the ways we've approached it in the past are not necessarily working as we would have expected.
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, I personally believe, we've got to take a fresh look. So, I don't want to close off any options, but that having been said, we have a very clear line of sight to how we can improve the processing of our soup. We've talked about it before in terms of our common soup platform and we have a line of sight to how we can. It may require some investments, which we haven't defined fully yet, but where we can deliver soup at a higher quality and a lower cost. So, we have a whole body of work going on there. But in terms of innovation, we have the capacity and we have the funds necessary to step up our game in innovation in soup. There is nothing that we can't match corporately, but we do have to rethink that and we have to keep an open mind and we're going to do that as we go through this year. I think as we get deeper into the second quarter and move towards CAGNY, we'll be a little more clear on that.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, there is nothing really holding us back. There is some technology where we can't get full pieces of vegetables and meat into the product, given the constraints of the technology and the DA regulatory requirements. But, basically U.S. consumers like big chunks of meat and vegetables in their soups, which this technology doesn't lend itself to. Now in France, Belgium and several other countries where we compete the dominant form is that a septic package that we sell the V8 soups in and in those countries that is a preferred way to eat soup. We're positioned now to bring that technology to this country and as we get further along with the evolution of the technology and can put bigger pieces of garnish through I think we're going to have an opportunity there. The important thing for us was to be the first mover in this country, in this technology in soup and to be in a position to advance for this as soon as the technology evolved far enough. I think there's opportunity there. It won't change the fundamental trend in the category, but it's a good niche opportunity and over time it could become bigger. I think if you view it more broadly too we still feel like there's some opportunity in premium soup. It may not be all in the septic form, but we think we've got some opportunities out there in premium soup. We've got in our food service business we're having some success with volume growth at the premium end of the category and we think there may be some other ideas out there around the premium end of the category that would go after that same consumer user case.
Douglas R. Conant: Sure, David and I appreciate the question. I can't breakout for you Healthy Request by segment. What I can say is it's had a positive impact across all the segments. I think we’ve addressed the sodium issue in a very satisfactory way at this point for today and also for tomorrow as we prepare for front-of-pack labeling. We are always going to have to be alert to dealing with that issue but by and large we think we have addressed it. I think the challenge for us now is to create some taste adventure and leverage some of our other benefits as we continue to manage the sodium profile. We’re not as concerned with it today as were before. We had to position our portfolio to be in the right place when we get to front-of-pack labeling and we’ve done that. We’ve taken care of the long term and now we got to focus on innovation in near term, which goes beyond just the elimination of negatives and starts to celebrate the wonderful positives that we can do with soup. I think that is going to be our focus on innovation. Healthy Request by the way is a good example. If we have a clear and compelling platform that the consumer understands they buy soup in a can, and they buy it at (inaudible) rate. Same thing’s true with our cooking soups. So we’re not necessarily constrained by the can. If we have the right proposition, we can grow that business and our challenge on our base business is to find that right proposition while we push off into some new areas.
Douglas R. Conant: Absolutely, that will happen, and by the way we sell it at a higher price with a better margin and it's getting increasingly more important in our portfolio. So it tells us we’re on the right path. Not only that, but we have actually lowered the sodium further on those Healthy Request varieties and the consumer along with improved flavor technology, the consumer is buying the proposition. In the fullness of time, I think we’re well positioned there.
Douglas R. Conant: It’s a well-founded worry, Terry. By the way, whoever else is on the phone I would appreciate if the next question could go to Craig Owens.
Douglas R. Conant: I am sorry. That is a concern, because we have a lot of pantry inventory. People are shopping the pantry. There is less incentive to go out and buy more soup, and we do have to navigate through that paradigm. There is no evidence that we can't navigate through it, other than we had a tough quarter where there was extraordinary price competition that we chose not to match. So, we're going to have to see how this plays out. Terry, we can manage through this. We've been down this road, not quite the same way before when I started our soup business was I wanted to say about $1.700 billion in sales, and yes, it’s been tough, but up until it’s over pushing $2.2 billion now and with good ROIC and good margins and we'll find our way through it. We do have to step into the innovation, work through brand building. It’s not easy, but if anybody can do it, we can do it.
Douglas R. Conant: We've worked hard to responsibly build food quality margins here top quartile in the (S&T) Food Group and with the good return on invested capital. We're going to work hard to maintain that. But we also have to compete and that's the balance we're going to work through over the next three quarters.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, we were more balanced until the first quarter, and in the first quarter our trade spending was up as you can tell, although it didn't go up as much as some of the competitions' trade spending went up. I expect the trade spending part of that will come back to us in the second half.
Douglas R. Conant: I do not recall that we commented on the volume trends. They are better than the consumer takeaway numbers. I do not want to get into precedent setting here. But they were better than the dollar takeaway.
Douglas R. Conant: Not particularly, I wish we had a problem with inventory build that means our sales would have been higher. Our volume was still down for the quarter in soup, I believe I am looking at, so our volume was still down, but not modestly. We came into the year focusing on delivering better volume trends and we did improve the trend line there. But in my opinion it's very manageable at this point.
Douglas R. Conant: I was thinking pantry, but we do have visibility to - we manage many of the retailer's inventory levels and we have not seen any change there.
Douglas R. Conant: Well, I do not have a good data for simple meals that is comparable to the data we are sharing with you. But overall what I can say is, last year as we went into the season we saw very aggressive pricing in other simple meals that we believe affected our volume performance. We started to address that and actually made great headway through August, September. What we see this year is, I mean since October we see the other simple meal activity heating up on our price basis, as is indicated by all the food company's earnings announcements. It's a dog fight again in terms of price competitiveness within the category. I do not have data from other simple meals at this point to talk to you about the outlook for the season. We will have a better feeling for that as we go through the second quarter. But there is no evidence that things have abated there.
Douglas R. Conant: We are always trying to find the right balance between price and value addition. We call it total preferred value here, the sum of the benefits for the price offered. Every year it is a bit of a poker game and what we learned in the first quarter is that price competition per se does not necessarily help the category, and I expect the category over time will become a little more rational, and we will see more brand building and we will see a moderated level of price competition. I do not believe we are not intending to suggest anywhere that total spending will go up in the second half. We expect our trade promotion spending to come down, and we expect to maintain that pretty good solid brand building profile. We expect to start to bring more innovation to the category. We think that is a better model for the category and meets consumer needs in a more complete way but we have to see how the game is played by other simple meals and by soup. What I can tell you is we will find our way through this. We have performed and we will again.
Douglas R. Conant: You have exactly the right numbers. You did your homework, Rob. Very good. We have a new reality that we are competing with today. Back when we talked about this, I do not know, it could be several years ago, we had some competitors that were pushing 20% to 24% kind of EBIT margin levels. In today's environment – and I thought 17% to 18% for a market leader with our category, our portfolio, 17% to 18% felt about right. We think that is about right, but we have to manage through it, given today's new reality where the competitive fray is intense. As you see, all of our peer group is under margin pressure. So we are going to have to feel our way through it, but you have the right margins. It is 17.7% and our goal is to be between 17% and 18% top quartile in a sustainable way. We have climbed that hill and we are there now. We are going to try and maintain it, but we are going to have to see what happens competitively.
Douglas R. Conant: All I can say is we are lined up with the retailers for a very strong profile over the next quarter or two and I think it is going to settle in, in a more positive place. But our brand building did not start until September 7 and that is when the advertising started and we are just getting moving up on the advertising front. We believe it is going to take time to establish that brand building profile with the umbrella campaign and we are going to see it through. The trade promotion in the first quarter was the wild card. We did not get the lifts we would normally have expected and we have to go back to the drawing board on that. Part of the issue was that competitive activity was even more intense and we have to sort to that as well. I guess my point is, without talking about getting into the competitive details, we believe we can find our way through. We have the margin structure. We have the capabilities to compete in that category. We are just going to have to feel our way through. We obviously have to lead the category to higher ground and we intend to do that over the next three quarters, but we are going to have to feel our way through it. I do not think there is any fundamental disconnect between us and the retailer. There is a lot made of sort of the push and shove between manufacturers and retailers. Right now, I think what you are seeing across the whole food industry is that it is a really difficult environment. You are seeing negative same-store sales out of probably most retailers you are seeing down spending across all categories in the grocery store both dollars and units have been down over the last several periods. I think we are all looking for ways to sort of reinvigorate the consumer and my feeling is being a little bit distinct from the direct contact with the retailer, but we are all looking for ways to get the consumer moving again.
Douglas R. Conant: I think the challenge is we have got to play the hand we have and we are going to continue the brand building which we know takes time. The other lesson learned I would say is that renovation was insufficient to drive short-term sales performance. We were making changes and we are evolving our U.S. condensed soup portfolio to be well-positioned when we get to front-of-pack labeling in the next two years to get our health profile right. We have done all that, but we had insufficient innovation on top of that to get consumer interest. So, we have got to step up the innovation, while we continue to do all this renovation work and we will do that. We will profile more of that when we get to CAGNY.
Douglas R. Conant: Good questions. Obviously we are giving you – trying to give you a feel for our quarterly flow of business, but we do not give quarterly guidance. We could do better in the second quarter. These are unusual times as reported by the entire peer group, and we are feeling our way through it. We have enough evidence to suggest that we can do better on the price realization front in the back half. We now know in today’s environment what is working from a trade promotion perspective and what is not and that has changed a bit since even a year ago. So I think we believe we can refine our trade promotion plans in an intelligent way, deal with today’s reality, and be more effective and more efficient in the back half. I think to add, if you think about where the big months are in the soup season, we have made customer commitments that run through the back end of the first quarter and well into the second quarter, which is sort of heart of the increase in sales on a seasonal basis. So we have got pretty good visibility where we will be promotionally there. If you remember last year the change in the formula a little bit came between again second quarter and third quarter, not between first and second.
Douglas R. Conant: Eric, I would just say, we have some insights into what is working right now and what is not, and we see pockets where we clearly overspent and did not get the return. So, there are some low-fruit opportunities. We are also working with our retailers who are also looking to bring more profitability into the category. It is informed judgment that we can do better, but we have to wait and see.
Douglas R. Conant: That is a great point because we do have very robust plans in baked snacks and healthy beverages. Also our meal maker business with condensed cooking soup is doing very well and our Healthy Request soups doing well. So, we are dealing with a relatively small part of our earnings pool that is the issue for us and clearly it is important. But we believe we have enough buoyancy in the rest of the portfolio that we can navigate this.
Douglas R. Conant: What I would share with you and we will cover more of this at CAGNY is that we do have ideas in the pipeline that have been well developed and we are preparing to move to market. Typically in food there are five benefit areas, you have taste, nutrition, convenience, variety and value. We have really leaned in hard on nutrition and convenience as two key foundational areas that needed to be attended to with the soup business over the last decade and we have put ourselves in a solid position there. Now we have to lean a little bit harder on the taste, variety and value dimensions and we have ideas there. So, those will be coming with us to CAGNY.
Douglas R. Conant: Absolutely. We are in a battle every day. We compete for it. The 40% plus is a big number. But the incremental shift of cases, competition shipped in October was only 2% of our U.S. shipped volume for the first quarter. You talk about big numbers on small basis with virtually no returns. We can manage our way through this, Judy.
Craig Owens: Just to expand a little bit on the inflation piece of the question. We would expect input cost, commodity cost to be somewhat higher in the second half, not hugely so. In our overall inflation profile for the full year it will not be a lot different than it was in the quarter which was plus 3%. We'd expect to be in the 2% to 3% range on total cost of goods inflation for the quarter, but with a higher contribution from input cost in the second half and a somewhat stronger enabler program and other cost savings in the second half. We do however, recognize just as everybody sees, that the general trend in commodity cost is upward and we think it's important that we stay up with that and prepare ourselves not only the second half this year, but for next year. So that is part of what's driving our thinking around price realization.
Craig Owens: In the quarter most of the sales decline Doug mentioned, U.S. Soup sales down 5%, most of that is driven by the increased promotional spending and related to inventories, we have not seen any material change in retailer inventory level.
Craig Owens: You are right, we do have a strong balance sheet. We have got terrific cash flow. We have always said that the best investment in our business is one that we can put into organic growth. As Doug commented, we have got terrific margins. We have got terrific return on invested capital. So anything that we can do to leverage core businesses and reinvest in those businesses, some examples over the last couple of years would be investment in additional Goldfish capacity in our Pepperidge Farm, additional capacity in our Arnott’s business in Australia. All of those kinds of investments have terrific return on them. As we move down from investment in core business, we have said that we would like to be and are more attentive to opportunities around potential acquisitions of businesses that we think could value accretive. It is not a very target rich environment. You have not seen us act going one since the relatively small acquisition of Ecce Panis, but that would still be a place that we would be looking. We have had an active share repurchase program, as you know, probably most of you know, we have been working against a $1.2 billion program that the Board approved in 2008, with a three year timeframe around it. We have a continuing program of neutralizing compensation-based equity issues. Then the final thing we think about is around dividend. You saw us just announce a dividend increase coming out of this last Board meeting of 5%. So, we are in agreement with you about the strength of the balance sheet and we look at and the strength of our cash flows and that sort of order of priorities is we think about where we have got opportunities and how best to deploy that cash.
Craig Owens: I think the other point is looking at the portfolio beyond soups, we are expecting improved top line performance in some of our other segments.
