Mark Clouse: Thank you, Mick. As we just reviewed, fiscal 2020 was a year like no other in recent memory and an exceptional year of performance for Campbell. And, we have already jumped right into fiscal 2021. I thought a good discipline from last year was to provide our key proof points or milestones that help frame our priorities for fiscal 2021 and help keep everyone aligned to what is working and what is not. Key metrics to measure our progress going forward include. Retention of new households, returning to positive soup shares, sustained progress on Snacks, and better contribution from innovation are all key areas of focus on our growth agenda. And finally, this growth will be supported by continued value capture and Snacks margin, closely managing COVID-19 costs and key capital initiatives. We will be continuing to prioritize the safety and well-being of our people and investing to expand our capabilities to meet the evolving consumer and retail environment. Thank you for your time this morning. Rebecca, over to you.
Mark Clouse: Yes, no, great question. I think, the good news is that a lot of the strategic framework of what we had set out to accomplish on Soup initially was laid out in such a way where the primary goal or the objective was to improve relevance of the category and begin to add or recover households that had lost. As you point out, I think the best way to describe where we are right now is that we've, through the pandemic, been able to jump forward on that strategic journey. And if you go back and kind of think about what did we set out to do in '20, it was really to strengthen the base, improve quality, make some material investments in the business to begin to re-establish or rebuild that relevancy, and then begin to build back the innovation funnel. If you kind of think about what we then accomplished in ‘20, really across the board, we well went beyond what our expectations are. So as we go into '21, although I do think it is more about retaining those households, a lot of the strategies and the things that we had planned to do are things that we will continue to do I think just with a higher degree of probability of success and a better set of insights on what's compelling consumers and what's been working or not working. So, a lot of -- I think there's been a lot of discussion or debate about when you kind of come through all this, how do you feel about where you are in the strategic journey on Soup, and that is why to some degree I tried to cover in the remarks that this to me on Soup is a little bit less about peaks and valleys as we think about how to manage through the short-term, but really that steady progress that enables us to come out of this tunnel in a position where Soup is a steady contributor to the business. Because if you go back to the thesis of the company, if you're able to accomplish that in conjunction with what we believe we can do on snacking and even the balance of the Meals & Beverage business, it really does position us in a very advantaged way.  So, as we get into '21, I think the -- one of the things I'll just leave you with is a lot of, I guess powder is still dry in the strategy when it comes to innovation, shelving, many of the things that we have planned in '21. And so, I guess -- I think as I said in my comments, I'm building confidence because you still have those elements, the layer on top of what kind of the shorter-term boost has been. And I'm sure we'll get into a little bit more of the consumer trends, but we've done a lot of work on this behavior of increased cooking and quick-scratch cooking, in particular. And we’ve built now a series of insights that give us a lot more confidence that this is going to sustain beyond just the pandemic period. And I'm sure that'll come up a little bit later, and we can talk more about it. But I think the net of it is, a lot of the same activities is just we're further down the road than we expected. We keep staying that course. I think if anything, this is building a lot more confidence in our ability to make Soup a steady contributor.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Sure, you're right. It's hard to quantify. I think the way I would describe it is, it's creating drill sites for us for future productivity. And that's I think quite helpful because we've been able to create this kind of, I'd say real world case studies and laboratory to test a few things. I think there's three primary areas though that we see as future opportunity. I think the first is in optimizing the portfolio, right? So where -- are we over-skewed, under-skewed, where are we really getting incrementality from certain extensions of our portfolio, how do we really think about optimizing the effectiveness of our offerings to really match what consumers’ needs are and to create room for what we think is going to be meaningful innovation, while setting up a more efficient overall approach to the portfolio. I think the second area is, as we've seen kind of full utilization across our entire supply chain and route to market, I think it's enabled us to understand some places almost out of necessity in the short term that we've done that we think in the longer term our ability to create certain consolidations, how to think about perhaps hubs to supply in a more efficient way, especially as you think about our Snacks business, where you've got a little bit more complicated route to market. I think we've been able to find even if it's in the face of some higher costs in this year, but as pointed out places where if we can improve that architecture structure, I see opportunity to save money. And then the third, where I think a lot of people spend time talking is how do you learn from this virtual work environment, ways to operate companies more efficiency -- efficiently. Do you need as much travel? Do you need quite the infrastructure that you might have? Can you figure out a way to take what has been working very effectively for the company, and use that as a little bit of a blueprint?  I do very much still believe that the concept of team environment is important for businesses like ours. A lot of the innovation creativity is done through cross-functional collaboration. And although we've done a great job with that virtually, and although I think it can enable and unlock some potential efficiency and savings going forward, I think at the heart of the company I still believe that there's real value in folks being able to sit face-to-face and across the table to work on things.  But I think the good news is all three of those, we’re beginning to mind as opportunities going forward. And I think that's going to help strengthen our pipeline of savings, especially as we're coming to the end of our enterprise savings program, as we talked about, we're wrapping up here the value capture from the Snyder’s-Lance integration. And so it's just great to see some new ideas that are beginning to populate that pipeline. So, good things coming out of a tough situation. 
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's very consistent. So we would see, essentially in the households we've added just shy of 50% of those new households are coming from younger consumers. That’s combination of different size households, can be a little bit older Millennials who are now just beginning, young families working with a little bit of a different budget perhaps than they did when they were younger, as well as much smaller households. And I think, as we think about this going forward, those become as you would imagine a very, very high priority for us. And one of the great things about Q4 and I know even coming out of Q3, I had a lot of questions about, okay, even as you're navigating some of the supply pressure, you continue to invest at a very high level. And I think that was incredibly valuable for us in the fourth quarter. And it really prove some terrific learnings and results. One of the things that I think harder to see in the numbers in Q4. But if you take e-commerce as an example where we know there's a higher index to where these particular younger consumers are shopping and gaining information, 86% of our spending on our Meals & Beverage business in the fourth quarter was on digital to support this through a combination of retailers platforms, as well as a whole range of different tactics to really try to understand what works and what doesn't. So as we go into this year, we're going to be more effective. But what we found is we can have a big impact with that population. Our e-commerce business was up over 100% in the fourth quarter. It now represents for us as a company, it essentially doubled in 2020, it’s kind of low-single-digits. Now it's up into the mid-single-digits. And again, as you think about our ability to demonstrate growth there, which again doesn't really show up as much in your measured channels, it creates a really great platform for us to connect to consumers in a very specific way to influence them.  And I think one of the things that I'll just mention too with this particular target that's giving us a lot of confidence beyond just the online success that we had is this dynamic around cooking and quick-scratch cooking. And I think for a lot of people, myself included, I wanted to try to understand a little better behaviorally what's going on, so we can better predict what's going to happen after the pandemic and does that give us a higher likelihood of keeping those consumers in the franchise, right? I think that's the big question. And we found a couple of very specific things that I think are giving us a lot of confidence.  The first is that, the initial read through of what was going on in this cooking was a lot of consumers trying to recreate favorite meals, comfort food, feeling out of necessity having to cook, but staying pretty close to home. I think what we've seen as time goes on, and as confidence is building, think about cooking three meals a day, seven days a week for a couple of months, the amount of confidence these consumers have now in their ability to cook has really broadened their ability to add significant creativity, which is allowing them to reach into dishes and food that is far more I think sustainable longer term, right, where for me it might be 15-minute chicken and rice. For these consumers it is Tuscan chicken and mushroom on rice, cauliflower, using still our ingredients but doing it for a meal that feels far more consistent with where they're going.  And the other exciting thing is that we all knew that there would be a pivot eventually back to healthier recipes. Again, a little more comfort oriented initially, a little more healthier now. And our products are staying right in there, with the combination of what we offer with Pacific, the recognition that a lot of the quality improvements and some of those historical barriers to the can that we really have been working on to overcome. I think we're seeing great indication that we're moving through it.  And then the final one is value. And I think what we're realizing and what consumers are realizing is that, that value equation on this quick-scratch cooking is quite powerful. So, you roll that all together, our ability to impact consumers online, as well as strengthening conviction to cooking -- quick-scratch cooking moving forward gives me a lot more confidence. And I think you heard that in my comments earlier on our ability to retain these households. And in particular, retaining these households on Soup which I think is going to be a very important milestone or indicator, a proof point as we go forward on whether we're able to sustain more of this in the -- starting in the back half, but certainly going forward.
Mark Clouse: Great question. So, let me kind of chunk that into the three pieces you kind of asked. First, as far as the supply chain capability and our execution, I feel great about how the team has shown up. A lot of discussion in the Q3 earnings call and as we kind of guided to Q4, the real improvement or the uptake in what we guided to, to where we landed, was improvement in capacity as it related to Soup, which enabled us to replenish inventory at a higher level, which was our goal. Not fully complete yet. I think you'll continue to see that going forward. But just on the basis of -- when I talk about supply chain challenges, these are not executional challenges. This is not us performing. This is not COVID-related impact. This is simply the sustained level of demand in certain businesses, where we may have a little less flexibility to be able to kind of move to that higher level. So first off, that's kind of the starting point.  I think what you're seeing in this quarter is some variation between businesses, right? If we were in Q3, we were talking a little bit about the depletion of inventory on Soup. I think the great news in Q4 is, we were able to replenish in many areas. One of the dynamics that's happening as you'll see throughout Q1 is the return of the vast majority of the SKUs that we had removed. That there will be some that we choose not to come back with that we think are just good business decisions. But that pipeline still remains. And I would still expect to see our ability to ship ahead of consumption as it relates to Soup as we go through the first quarter. And again, our guidance implies a certain limitation there. We're going to continue to work on improving that capacity as we go forward to hopefully more broaden that ability and ensure. But at the end, we feel good that we'll be there by the time we get to Soup season.  I think what you saw on the other side of the equation was some pressure on businesses across Snacks. In particular, I think the two that right now are probably our areas of biggest focus is our potato chips businesses, our Kettle and Cape Cod. The good news is, we've got a great plan in place, which is really your third point on adding capacity. But there's certainly been pressure there. We've also seen some pressure on supplying Lance, our sandwich cracker business. And on Goldfish, I think we're in great shape on supply. We've opened a new line at Willard. A little bit of what we're navigating on Goldfish to try to figure out again that mix as we go through back-to-school, on whether it's bulk or individual packs, and we continue to see demand remaining very, very high on the bulk side. But I think generally speaking, we feel good about that.  So, there are a little bit of improvements on one, opportunities on other. But as we come through the end of the first quarter, we really expect to be back across the board. And we are making major investments in many of the areas where we have great confidence in the sustainability of the demand going forward. So, places like Goldfish, places like Milano, places like Kettle chips, places like broth on our business, all of those are getting investments, and we need them. But they're I think going to be helping us in a pretty significant ways to get into the second quarter.  So, again, I think that's a little bit of the nature of the guidance in Q1. And again, we would hope that we can create further upside there that, that could be opportunity. But to where we are right now, again, we're trying to be as pragmatic as we can be.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And just to add a little more color. As you go then into the first quarter and into '21, we essentially are modeling those COVID costs to be 50% or closer to Q3 I think. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, as I've said a couple of times before, I think what's unique about our Snacks business is the differentiated position that we're in, in the sense that we tend to play in a little more added value segments within larger categories. And I think that, that does position us to be in a position where we should be less dependent on merchandising and promotion. I think the reality is though on something, for example, like Snyder’s, Hanover in the pretzel business, it's a very competitive segment as it is in Kettle chips right now as well.  So, I think, one of the things we've learned last year, if you remember turning back the clock, actually all the way back to '19, our ability to get to the right price points on promotion just given the nature of snacking, the right level of frequency will always be an important underpinning to execution in Snacks. But I think that if you pair that then with where we’ve really been building added value as it relates to the equity of the businesses, as we've turned campaigns back on, especially on the Snyder’s businesses, we've been able to see continued progress.  Let me point to late July as a great example, first national campaign that we've ever turned on or had on the business. We turned that on in the fourth quarter. That business grew 30% on a 52-week basis and share gains of over 1 point and a fairly contested tortilla chips segment. But because of the premium positioning, relative to which lies great communication, we could do that in a way where we were able to achieve that without necessarily having to drop down into the price points that more mainstream players have.  So, that's the balancing act we're trying to walk and I think if we get that formula right as we have on brands, like Milano and Farmhouse and on Pepperidge Farm, even Goldfish, although that one is -- again, you've got a very habitual program calendar for Goldfish that when we see -- when that deviates, that does put pressure on the business. But as we get back into normality on that, as we roll through the year, I think most of these businesses we're going to be able to do trade in a more efficient way than perhaps history. But we still got to have enough there that we remain competitive on display. And making sure that we recognize what's happening around us competitively. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, everybody, for joining. I hope you're appreciating the new format. I think we will kind of stick with this where we try to publish our comments earlier and give people a chance to kind of digest and read through and then focus our time together in Q&A when we're on the call. I know there's a lot to digest in this. I know it's a tricky time too. We've certainly tried to build as much conviction and I guess credibility in being as transparent as we can to give the information as we get it and give perspective. Of course, that always creates a little bit of a dynamic that we need to make sure that we're updating it as we go. And we will. I think as we navigate this year, we'll try to make sure that as we see things change or as capacity or demand moves, we'll be as upfront as possible. I don't know that, that translates and I don't think it will to quarterly guidance each time. But we're certainly trying to keep everybody as informed as we can be.  And I just would close with something that I talked about in my comments, which is, if you take a step back and you take stock of where the company is right now, and you say, okay, where -- a year ago, where were we expecting to be and how do we feel about navigating this kind of moment in time? I have to say that across the board strategically I see tremendous benefit that we've been able to extract from a tough moment. And I think that, that is going to set us up very well for the future. And if I think about, again, not perhaps the peaks and the valleys of the near term, but the longer term view of what the thesis of the company is, I have just built significantly more confidence. And I think as you see our two year stack numbers together, I think that's going to provide further evidence of our progress against where we originally set out. And I think in particular, what we’ve talked about on Soup and the conviction around Soup to be not only what we needed it to be, which was a stable player, but with the potential for it to be a more steady contributor along with great progress on our Snacks business. Again, I think gives us the benefit of being a very focused portfolio, a very straightforward strategy, and now with a great deal, more proof points of our ability to sustain performance going forward.  So hopefully that helps give you a little bit of perspective. I know we mixed a bit of Investor Day stuff, along with earnings into today, but I thought it was a good moment to try to talk a little bit about where we are on that strategic journey because I know it's top of mind for many of you investors.  So appreciate everybody's time and questions. I know we'll talk to many later today and we'll try to make sure you've got everything that you need to put the results in context and the guidance going forward. Thank you.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. Okay. Why don't I take the first one, Jason? So, with regard to your first question to clarify, the mark-to-market gains on commodity hedges, it’s in and around $20 million. 
Mick Beekhuizen: No, I agree with that. I think that's pricing -- I mean that you also see in one of our bridges in the materials, it was actually net neutral. 
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, sure. Okay. So let me give you a little bit of context around the COVID cost, we had about $25 million of COVID cost in Q3. If you look at Q4 -- because Q3 was obviously only half impacted by COVID, Q4 we had a full quarter, the overall costs were double that, give or take about $50 million. If you look at the distribution between the two divisions, you see that about two-thirds of that is Snacks, which is really driven by the nature of the manufacturing footprint of the Snacks division i.e. we have many more facilities obviously there.  Then the other piece -- so on the one end you had more COVID costs in Snacks than we had in Meals & Beverages. And the other piece that kind of looking through the quarter, we had increased operating leverage disproportionately within the M&B business driven by obviously much more volume than what we saw on the Snacks side. So, hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of the dynamic there. 
