B. Craig Owens: Yes. So Jason, we don't disclose the size of the business. But it is relatively small, right, in Mexico, while we've been there for quite some time and have developed a reasonable soup business, given that the soup business there is not primarily wet soup. And lately, we've had a lot of success with our beverage business there. Our distribution model currently is primarily in the developed trade. And really, I think the primary impact of this change is that it's going to take us, in a much better way, down market and into the smaller mom and pops and the smaller outlets that are so important, particularly to our Beverage business in that country. The time line is that we will phase out of production really across the next several quarters. But fairly quickly we will move into distribution through the third parties. And so we'll start to see some of that impact us as early as the latter part of this quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I don't want to get all deeply at this point into the accounting for this, but the margin will improve. We'll probably see a decline in our reported sales because of the structure of the agreement, but I think it'd be best for us to tackle that when we report the quarter where that impact begins.
B. Craig Owens: No. It was down on Chunky. I mean, it's one of the things that makes it a good example of what we're talking about. We had great response to more effective advertising on Chunky and to some of the other things that we did in the marketing mix. But advertise spend on Chunky was down.
B. Craig Owens: So broth was sort of the most extreme piece of that, Eric. But for the half, it's all pretty well squared up, even within broth.
B. Craig Owens: Eric, I don't actually see the trends getting a lot better in that business. I mean, as you've pointed out, the -- there are some step-change things that happen as you acquire or as you lose customers. We're on the negative side of that this year with a pretty significant restaurant loss. And we'll keep working on expenses and customer acquisition. But I think, realistically, we're going to see that business be a negative drag through the balance of this year, and then we will have cycled that customer loss.
B. Craig Owens: Well, if you look at it half to half, Andrew, the delivery on -- the implied delivery on EBIT is not very much different. So it's all about what's going on below the line, and it's the combination of cycling the very low tax rate from last year in the second half. So in the first half of this year, tax was a small favorable as we went from EBIT to earnings per share in the first half, and it's going to be a big negative as we go from EBIT to EPS in the second half. And then you've also got the fading positive impact of the share repurchase program. We suspended share purchase at the beginning of this year. So on the first half, the positive impact from that was something like 3 points, and it'll be more like 1 point or so in the balance of the year. So those 2 things are really what's going on between EBIT and EPS differently between the 2 halves.
B. Craig Owens: I mean, if you look at consumption data for the quarter, condensed was actually up about 3 points. So we're pretty happy with that.
B. Craig Owens: There's not a lot of differentiated activity on the new SKUs within the Chunky line, Alexia. I mean, they have done very well, and we are really happy about that. But I -- the Chunky line tends to get promoted, both base and incremental SKUs together, and we're just seeing really good response to some of the new flavor adventure that we've got in the new SKUs. So it's pretty good news for us.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I mean, we have said a number of times that part of our strategy is to be a little bit more active in M&A. One of the -- certainly, in terms of category, baking and snacking is interesting to us. So if we saw an opportunity to fill portfolio whitespace, as you put it, in some of our target markets with baking or snacking assets, that would be interesting to us.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I -- well, so we're working actually in both of those areas. We are putting in some new capability. There's been -- particularly around soup, we think that the market growth is more about ready-to-eat soup rather than our frozen soups, and so we're making some capital investment in one of our plants there and extending not only our capacity but also our packaging capabilities. With respect to restructuring, we've been through actually some restructuring of that organization. It improved our profitability last year and the year before. I think we'll retake a look at that. But the reality is that some of the pressure, in addition to the lost customer, is coming from the -- just pressure within the industry at both the distributor level and the wholesaler level as we see pressure on prices. So we're having to respond to that. We're being competitive. It is creating a difficult business environment for us that we think we'll work our way through it. But that's the reality right now in the marketplace.
B. Craig Owens: So we would have been down 2% marketing and selling expense, Jonathan, excluding the impact of Bolthouse. I think, as we've said several times, I don't want to keep -- I don't want to be repetitive. But the reality is, Chunky is responding very well to a lot of activity that we have going on across the different drivers of demand as we talk about it. Advertising is a piece of that. It's an important piece of that. We think our advertising is more effective. We think the positioning, the more unique positioning on Chunky going sort of back to its roots and getting it out from under the umbrella advertising has made every dollar that we've spent on air more effective than it was last year. And as we've also shown, and we'll talk a little bit more about this at CAGNY, the -- although we are down, and it's appropriate for us to talk about that because it's a driver from year-to-year, although we're down on our advertising spend, we are still very fully spent if you compare us to sort of industry averages against our Soup business.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. And, Rob, you're right. If you focus on margin dilution, there probably will be some, right? We talk about entering faster-growing segments, faster-growing geographies. It's very unlikely that those new spaces will have the same kind of operating margin that Soup does. But to the extent that we expect those to be incremental growth, it adds to our total growth portfolio, I'm not so concerned about margin dilution per se. And particularly, when you put it on top of not only stabilized soup business but one that has had some growth to it and one that's benefiting from increased innovation, I think the formula starts to work pretty well for us if we get all those things going at one time.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Thilo, let me take that question. There's a number of different dynamics going on in different brands. And what we've been talking about is, for each brand, optimizing all of the drivers of demand. In the V8 situation, we believe that as we introduce our new V8 with improved taste and the Hint of Lime and the new energy drinks and the juice boxes on kids, increasing our advertising in the second half is a good way, as one of the drivers for that business, in addition to merchandising and the innovation and product improvement that I just talked to you about. In terms of Chunky, we -- the biggest change on Chunky was going back to the NFL and having advertising that was a lot more productive than when Chunky got lost in the Amazing campaign last year. We think that has been huge. So across the Soup business in general, our advertising investment is still indexing significantly higher than peers. But we've used media vehicles. For example, we shifted to higher-quality GRPs and doubled our network prime GRPs, which were much more effective for us. So we've made some changes in not only the advertising campaign in Chunky, but also in the media as well. So I think that it's -- suffice it to say, that we are looking at all those drivers by brand, and we're making the decisions based on the situation the brand finds itself in.
Denise M. Morrison: The broth business was affected by the fact that we shipped our holiday broth program at the end of October. So it actually hit in the first quarter, which raised our inventory levels. And we actually guided for that as we entered into the second quarter. Overall, for the half, broth was down 1%. So I think, overall, what we found in the second quarter as our consumption, our dollar consumption on soup picked up, we actually were seeing dollar consumption. This is MULO [ph] of plus 3.2%, with our shipments only being up 1%. So we've been outpacing our shipments with consumption. But our inventory is only up slightly at the end of the quarter, and that's in anticipation of the programming that went against the Super Bowl.
Denise M. Morrison: A large portion of our sales decline, as we said, was due to the loss of a key restaurant customer, but we've also had an impact in the bottom line due to increased promotional spending. The cost of doing business in these channels have increased for us. So we're working through programs with retailers -- or sorry, with restaurants and with operators. We have a campaign for customer acquisition, but this is going to take time, and that's why we've basically said that we do anticipate that over the next few quarters, this business will continue to face challenges. The one part of the Foodservice business that actually remains a bright spot is our retail fresh soup. And the other thing that's in our profit in this business is we're investing in new capabilities that will support our ability for new customer acquisition.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Andrew, on the condensed soup, the performance has been better than what we expected in terms of the list price increase, and we're seeing that not only across the base but also the incremental.
Denise M. Morrison: We have -- our conclusion on the performance this quarter really has been that our growth is driven by improved execution across the drivers of demand. We talked earlier on the call about the Chunky example, but if you think just in that one line, we've made taste improvements, we have had new innovation. In fact, 3 of the new varieties are performing in the top 5 of all RTS. We have had better positioning with the NFL. We're now being much more true to the brand target, dealing with satisfying the core male demographic. We've optimized pricing. We had better distribution and more impactful merchandising. So it's not a silver bullet. It's just been working with the brand and what it stands for in a much better way. In the advertising, we've kept it competitive levels, but we actually have more impactful advertising with the NFL. And quite frankly, you could say, "Yes, the weather had an impact," but it's really hard to predict or measure weather. So basically, we think it's that plus all of the other things we're doing on the business.
Denise M. Morrison: I think it's a combination of the fact that we've had better quality merchandising and more frequency of promotion, not necessarily in the depths of that promotion that's really worked for the brand this year. And the new SKUs would be promoted, at least the new base SKUs, would be promoted with the rest of the line.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, we found the news surprising yesterday as well, and we wish Heinz and all the investors well with their plans. I'm not really going to comment on that transaction. What I can comment on, though, is the fact that at Campbell's, we are constantly looking at ways that we can reduce costs and manage our margins in these businesses, and we'll continue to do so.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think the easiest way to deal with this is the fact that we've had 2 types of innovation. We've had sustaining innovation, which we've just talked about in terms of the line extensions to our base business, and then also the breakthrough innovation. The major breakthrough innovation that we've had in Soup and Simple Meals, as you've pointed out, is the Go soup and the Skillet Sauces. And to date, they've added about 0.5 point to our sales growth in quarter 2. Let me give you a little color on this. We reached our distribution targets for ACV, although it was a slower build. But we've completed that at the end of quarter 1. And just to give you an idea, that's about 70% in the MULO [ph], and in grocery, it's about the mid-80s. Therefore, once we achieve that, we turned on the marketing mid-quarter, particularly in digital and social media and then in-store, with sharper marketing and consumer promotions. Because right now, we're in a stage where we want to drive more trial with this new demographic of millennials. And the trial is building. And where we have trial, repeat is encouraging. And so we believe that this is going to take longer to create a franchise with this new demographic, but we're very committed to it, and this is the beginning of a platform to do so. In the case of Skillet Sauces, we're really making a market here because this dinner sauce segment does not exist. And so what we've found was customers placed the Skillet Sauces in some different locations in the stores. We're learning where they should be situated. We're reading the data on that throughout this introduction. But what we've come up with and we're talking to retailers about is we envision a new dinner sauce section in the store. And we recognize that it creates -- it's going to take longer to create a new category than building on line extensions. But so far, the retailer receptivity to this idea is very good. So we're pretty encouraged by these platforms, and we're going to continue to work them and build on them. And you'll hear more about that at CAGNY.
