B. Craig Owens: Sure, Andrew. Certainly, the success of soup this year has been a positive influence on gross margin. A more negative influence would have been somewhat higher promotional spend for the year. It brings us back to about flat at gross margin, excluding the impact of rolling in the acquisition.
B. Craig Owens: As we look at gross margin, and I think maybe we said this at Analyst Day, we see slightly mitigated inflationary pressure, and we continue to forecast pretty good results from our enabler program and productivity savings. Those should largely be offsetting. We've got a price increase that we talked about in our condensed soup line. That will not have quite as much positive impact as last year's increase because we have not moved up promotional price points. So you've got some positives and some negatives. I guess, it would be slightly positive to gross profit as we look -- to gross margin as we look forward.
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to stranded costs, there's about $10 million of overhead that has previously been associated with Europe, so that's not included in the discounted (sic) [discontinued] ops line. It moves back into corporate as we change the accounting there. Since the deal has not been completed, we are not disclosing at this point the sale price. And as we look forward, we expect, assuming everything goes well with the consultation with works councils and government approvals that we would probably close the deal in the first quarter, and then we'd have all the detail out on the sale proceeds and the tax impact there.
B. Craig Owens: Well, so inside of the administrative costs, particularly as you look at the quarter, there's -- we're cycling last year below target, incentive cost payments with higher payment levels this year. We also have, for the year, as we look back, higher pension expense and higher health benefit costs. If you start to strip out some of those impacts, we have what we would call good results in our SG&A cost, particularly at the corporate level. And we continue to look at that. If you think about productivity overall, we had a great year in our enabler program inside of cost of sales. We had -- we were right at 3%, maybe slightly over 3% and would expect to be there again next year.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I think it would be a mistake to focus on margin in exactly the way that you suggest there. I mean, we look at getting -- trying to optimize top line and bottom line growth. The change in mix, first of all, the soup brands that we will potentially divest in Europe are at considerably lower margin than the soup brands that we have and continue to hold in the U.S. business. I think Europe's overall EBIT margin is around 12%. And the businesses that we are adding, while they are somewhat dilutive to margin, the question is really whether they're adding top line and bottom line growth at returns that are good for the capital that we're investing in. Really, nothing that we've invested in is in any way cannibalistic against any of our core business. So we're focused on growth, top line and bottom line, and we're very focused on return. And then margins are, of course, an important metric and something that we look at constantly on an operational basis. But I think to think about those sort of segment by segment is probably the better way to think about it.
B. Craig Owens: I think it's very close, right? The divested businesses are pretty much right on top of the margin for the total segment.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I think we've taken -- in effect, I think we've taken sort of the most conservative stance there as we've looked forward, both with respect to the proceeds and their use, as well as to the stranded overhead. So the stranded overhead is still in there. We intend to take some action to try to identify offsetting savings. As you might imagine, it's not so easy to directly find that stranded overhead in the corporate headquarters mix and take it out. Europe was not that big a business for us. There aren't many people at corporate that are directly associated with Europe. So it's more a matter of finding offsetting savings than it is targeting Europe-related costs.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I mean, just the facts are that as we came out of the third quarter -- in the third quarter, so a big soup quarter, we had sales about 4 points ahead of consumption. I think our sales were about 14, consumption about 10. We had a much smaller delta in the fourth quarter, but again oversold by maybe 30 basis points or so what the consumption data said. So we're just recognizing the fact that as we come into the first quarter this year and retailers start to go into their build mode, their inventories will go up in total. But there may be a little bit of a drag on sales versus consumption as they come back to more normal levels. The other thing in that -- in the quarter that's sort of mechanical is that because of the calendar, Thanksgiving's load-in -- pre-Thanksgiving sales are largely going to be a second quarter event this year instead of a first quarter event. So that also weighs on the quarter a little bit.
B. Craig Owens: Well, so you're right, Chris, we did have -- we had some promotional push to just try to accelerate that switch out of 100% Natural to Homestyle. In the quarter though, the sales were only ahead of consumption by 30 basis points, so it wasn't a dramatic inventory push. Again, we're mostly looking back to the third quarter and just recognizing that we built some inventories that haven't come out completely yet, some disparity between sales and consumption. So that -- the 100% Natural product moved through the shelf, were moved out to retailers and then moved through the shelf and then off as you recognized in your comment about the trade, and we're pretty happy with where we are in terms of merchandising and shelf presence with 100% -- sorry, with Homestyle as we come into the year.
B. Craig Owens: I think one of them expires right at the very end of the period, so it won't have much impact. And the Kelsen coming on is sort of the offset, right, the Kelsen debt coming in, which wasn't in last year's number.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I guess the literal answer to that question is yes, but I don't think it changes anything in the way that we think about our priorities. We haven't -- while we've done a lot -- while we've had a lot of activity over the course of the last year, we still feel like we've got some balance sheet capacity. We have said on dividends that we would expect to grow roughly with earnings but also keeping an eye on where the total food group is in terms of payout ratio. We've said that we continue to look for acquisition targets that we think are value adding over time. So none of that changes. But yes, it brings some cash in and gives us a little bit more firepower.
B. Craig Owens: So the guidance we gave assumed that we do not restart. Clearly, if we get the European deal closed and that creates some proceeds, you could think about that as moving forward, but I'm not sure it would move into '14.
B. Craig Owens: It's a little bit less than 2%. It's a smaller quarter for us than average. The week is in the fourth quarter, right? It's a summer week, so it's a little bit less than average, but yes.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I mean, typically, unless we see something really peculiar, we're not forecasting movement. We're just taking current spot and assuming that, that's where we are for the year. And that's the case in this guidance.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. Eric, I think for us, the last couple of years have been looked at as a very challenging consumer and retail environment. And we continue to accept that as a given and run our play despite that. And I do think that your observation is correct that particularly in the recent quarter, it has been a little bit less robust. But that said, I think that is the operating environment we're in, in the food business, and people still have to eat. So we're going at it pretty aggressively. In terms of the inventory, I think I'm going to let Craig handle that one coming out of the fourth quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think it's fair to say that we are continuing to look for smart external development if it makes sense in our categories. The year we've had this year has been unusually busy. And I -- look at the fact that over the last 2 years, we've identified targets, and a lot of them hit this year. We will have years that are active and years that are a little bit drier. But we're going to be very, very disciplined about external development and make sure that we really believe that anything we bring into Campbell's will add extra value for our shareholders.
Denise M. Morrison: I really think that the dual mandate, with a focus on both strengthening the core and expanding into new growth spaces is the right way to think about it. We really do believe that the best source of value creation is really by having a robust core business, especially because our core is so profitable. And so we do have our resources actually focused against driving growth there and also expanding into the faster-growing spaces. I was pretty happy with the growth of soup this year and expect that to continue, while we drive more growth in those faster-growing spaces. I think that's a formula that gets us to our long-term growth targets and beyond.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, the drivers of demand are really all about improvements in execution. So when you think about what we're doing in 2014, I mean, we've improved the taste and quality of many of our flavors and recipes. We have a whole new line of ready-to-serve soup coming to market with Homestyle that capitalizes on a consumer need that's really well researched. We do have continued emphasis on the faster-growing premium segment, which we continue to bring new users into the category. So we're pretty -- Chunky has a very strong program. Condensed has new advertising. So we continue to work on the programs, the advertising, the consumer promotion, the innovation and making sure that we get the right shelf configurations. All of those basics are really important in this category. So we're pretty positive about U.S. Soup.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Shelf-stable juices have been, as a category, under pressure from competition in fresh and really the proliferation of specialty beverages. There is a bifurcation going on, where the value part of the category is performing very well, and we're seeing that in our sales of V8 Splash, as well as the super-premium beverages in the fresh perimeter, and we're experiencing that in our Bolthouse Farms business. Where we've been under pressure has been really in the V8 100% Vegetable Juice and the V-Fusion line. And we have plans in 2014 to introduce a new V8 V-Fusion Refreshers product, which is -- has a light and refreshing taste, which we believe will add some new news to that part of the category and stimulate some sales. We continue to push our V8 V-Fusion + Energy, which is also a hot trend in the category, and then the expansion of our kids' juice boxes as well. So we do have plans to reinvigorate the growth of that business and -- but I was pretty disappointed with it this year.
Denise M. Morrison: David, we're not expecting the reduction of the supplemental nutrition assistance program to have a material impact to Campbell's.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think our higher promotion spending has been linked largely to the battles we're fighting in beverages and also in the Arnott's business in Australia, as that market has changed, and also in the highly competitive Foodservice business where we've experienced some structural changes with the advent of group purchasing organizations. That said, Ken, and I really do believe this, getting the right marketing mix between the advertising and consumer promotion and the customer and shopper marketing that's going on is more complex today than it has been in the past. And we're wrestling with things like TV versus digital, which may show up as a lower expense, but reaching a targeted audience that we need to get to. So I think that on a by business basis, the approach we're taking is to go business by business, looking at competition and then figuring out what's the best marketing mix for each business that gives us the best growth at the best profit. And so that's how we're approaching it.
Denise M. Morrison: Well again, I think that we go business by business and look at competition, what it takes to win against the drivers of demand in each of those businesses. And for example, in the soup business, when we looked at our advertising, we were way above the spending level of competitive Simple Meals. And so we've adjusted that and we're channeling our advertising and consumer promotion against new product innovation and new news in the category. But all of these brands are well supported from an advertising and consumer promotion standpoint.
Denise M. Morrison: This is Denise. I'll start with Bolthouse. First of all, we were really pleased with the performance and the integration of Bolthouse Farms in their first year as part of Campbell's. They continue to have a very robust innovation pipeline. Going forward, they're nationally going to launch a baby carrot snack product called Shakedowns, which we're pretty enthused about, in addition to continuing the momentum on their super-premium fresh beverage business and salad dressings in the refrigerated produce section. As I said in my opening comments as well, we're very excited about the potential for V8 Harvest, which is the first V8 entry into fresh juice. So all in all, we think that from a business standpoint, that's gone really well. Culturally, we've been able to keep their entrepreneurial spirit and provide them with some of the resources and the scale that Campbell has to offer. In terms of Plum, it's still early days, and Plum is in the process of being integrated into our North America platform, while retaining a team of very talented entrepreneurs that have joined the Campbell family. And we've got nice expectations for the expanded distribution of that business to get us more access in the super premium -- I'm sorry, the premium organic baby food business. And that's a nice addition to our kids business, which is about $1 billion right now.
