Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's Fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who'll participate in listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to our slide or to our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. While in the current quarter we had no items affecting comparability, our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with fiscal 2014 will exclude previously-announced items. Also our fiscal 2015 guidance is on a 52 week to 52 week adjusted basis to a 53 weeks last year. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we've provided in our appendix, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. And with that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thank you, Anthony. Kate, we will now start our Q&A session. Our audience, we'd ask you that since we have limited time, please ask only one question at a time.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: This is Jennifer. I was just going to add, you probably noticed our new organic soups in the cartons do have garnish.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks everyone for joining us for our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes here by going online or call 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1650012. You have until March 11th at midnight. At which point, we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News and Events. Just click on Recent Webcasts and Presentations. We hope you can join us for our next earnings conference call on Friday, May 22, 2015. If you have further questions, please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Our call has now ended. You may now disconnect.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Sure, as I said in my remarks if you look at the gross margin bridge, we had cost and inflation other factors of 3.6 points. About a third of that is the supply chain issue and the largest single one within there is freight and distribution. And as Denise mentioned, we have prioritized maintaining our customer service levels over some incremental costs. So what that's resulted in is some more inter-plant shipments, less use of intermodal and higher utilization of the spot market at a time when carrier capacity has been constrained and the rates have been higher. So those three things are really the primary drivers of the costs in freight and distribution. Those which are a pretty significant part of the supply chain costs that we've been talking about.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Well, when you talk about year over year performance, inflation is the single largest factor. So two-thirds of that 3.6 points decline is inflation. Things like meats and tomatoes and chocolate and dairy are all increasing double digits. Steel cans is single digits and made worse by mark to market on some diesel hedges that we had that were under water in the quarter.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Just to add to Denise's comments, as we look to the $200 million cost opportunity, we believe some of that can come from our non-working or discretionary marketing spend, so we'll be looking at that area pretty closely.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, just to add to that in terms of our back half net price realization efforts, we've announced pricing on our Simple Meals segment across 30% of the portfolio at an average of 5.7%. So we're taking pricing on some of our Red & White SKUs, we're taking pricing on Prego, we're taking pricing on Campbell gravy. And we're also reducing our promotional spending in a couple of our key businesses. I won't name those for competitive reasons, but we should be seeing some moderation on trade in the back half here.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I would break it down into three areas. The first was cost inflation. So I quoted some numbers on categories earlier. Those numbers were a little higher than, frankly, than we anticipated, and a mark to market on diesel was a little higher than we anticipated. The second is in this area of freight and distribution. We talked about in the first quarter that we got a little bit behind, given an early spike in demand, and that continued further into the second quarter than we anticipated. Quite frankly, as we decided to prioritize keeping up on customer service over some of these incremental cost issues. So I think it's the same factors that have just pushed into the second quarter a little bit further than we've anticipated. And the third impact I'd point out is, the dollar continuing to strengthen has had a larger impact on input costs of some of our international businesses than we anticipated.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Well, we've talked about that. We look back at some of the actions we've taken, primarily the closure of the Sacramento plant. We achieved very significant savings from that initiative. And I think, in comparison, these costs that we're seeing here are relatively minor compared to that. We believe we understand the causes of them. We believe we're addressing them. We're starting to see them moderate. And we expect the worst is behind us from here going forward.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, they're about equal weight. I think the way to answer the question is: Longer term, we've seen relatively better performance out of cooking soups than eating soups. Cooking soups being more on trend with consumer behaviors around, obviously, cooking and recipes. While the eating soups, given all the activity in ready-to-serve, there's been some migration from eating soups to ready-to-serve soups, and I think that's been the primary factor over the longer term negatively impacting condensed eating varieties.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I can take that. I would split the business into two parts. Think about the CPG, beverages and salad dressings, those businesses, we're very pleased with the performance of those businesses both top and bottom-line. Where the issue in the short-term has been and I think most of this is now behind us, has been on natural ingredients and carrot costs. As you know, we went from a very unique drought situation, and that raised our costs in terms of water costs, water extraction costs, land costs, and then we went from that to four rain events within a 10-day period, which also cost us on the carrot cost side. And both of those situations have impacted our business. The reason I said I believe it's behind us is now we've shifted our harvesting to the more southern region where they don't have the same kind of situation. We saw improved performance in the back end of our quarter, so we feel pretty good about the outlook. The other issue, we've had a little bit on the top line, is we export some natural ingredients and concentrates to Japan, and that business has been under pressure. But the core business, the CPG, beverages and salad dressings continues to perform very, very well.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: In terms of the first part of the question, I really believe we have opportunities to improve our gross margin performance over time. And I think when you think about the new organizational structure, coupled with the portfolio role that we've assigned to each of those businesses, we really do have an opportunity to improve gross margin performance, both from net price realization, both from a more modest inflation outlook, continuing productivity improvements, and the cost savings we expect to garner through our new $200 million program. So, I think there are opportunities to expand margin over time. In terms of the pricing question, I mean, certainly in terms of benefit, we get more benefit by enacting a pricing action ahead of the soup season, but there is nothing that really prevents us from doing it at any point. The key is to work through the timing and the impact on the promotional activity with our retailers, but this was well planned out, and is now in the marketplace.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I think maybe the best way to answer the question is we expected to spend about $400 million this year on capital. 60% of which is on projects that have an economic return, and those are split between capacity-adding projects and cost-reduction projects. On the capacity-adding project we typically see pretty significant and attractive IRRs, I'd say 20% plus kind of levels. On the cost-reduction ones, I'd say we do see returns certainly above the cost of capital. It's kind of hard to come up with one kind of IRR for them, they kind of range, but I think we have a very successful track record of achieving good returns on those cost reduction projects.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, trying not to complicate this too much, but it's actually a little bit of both, right? The whole area of inventory and inventory management gets really complex when you think about SKU and location and our multiple distribution points and the fact that we got a little bit behind and had to catch up. And that takes a little bit of time in season when you're running pretty close to flat-out inside of these plants. So we had to run a little more overtime. We had to use co-packers more. That's more of a broth idea than a can idea. Separate from that, in this whole area of fixed costs it's not the major impact but our sales came down a little bit inside our own range, and that had a slight negative impact on fixed cost absorption both in the quarter and in our outlook for the year, but it wasn't a significant impact.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Between EBIT and EPS, a couple of changes. One is we took the tax rate down a bit. We also expect interest expense to be favorable to our original assumption, so down slightly year on year. And then within EBIT, I would say there's three things happening. The primary issue is the gross margin performance, and that's a combination of the freight and distribution that we've been talking about. The manufacturing costs that we've been talking about, the use of co-packers. We had a slight impact from an equipment outage at one of our plants and from a stronger U.S. dollar, that impact on the input costs of some of our international businesses. The second area is currency translation, so we went from about 1 point of negative impact to 2 points and about a nickel impact at EPS now for the year. And the third I mentioned a moment ago, is a slight sales reduction within our range which had some impact on gross margin dollars more so than percentage. So I'd say those are the three primary things above EBIT, and then below EBIT, the tax rate and interest expense.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I'd say in hand sight that gross margin range of 50 basis points to 100 basis points was probably a bit too wide. And we were closer to the 50 basis points than the 100 basis points.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: It's really difficult for us to tease out the temperature and the winter impact from our overall performance.
Denise M. Morrison: Jason, we do try and keep total advertising consumer and trade at about 25% of sales. In the first half, our soup advertising was not cut. What we are lapping is the launch of Prego white sauces and dinner sauces, so the advertising spend in the simple meal portion was down, and also lower advertising on U.S. Beverages as we chose to spend more on that in the back half against the introduction of the V8 Veggie Blends. The other thing that we did was in the biscuit business, we did have a higher trade on Pepperidge Farm as we drove more merchandising, in particularly the second quarter, and in Arnott's, we had a price increase and we did spend trade to make sure we protected promoted prices in the marketplace. The other thing that affected trade was soup, the launch of our new organic soup, and also the launch of Veggie Blends where we put new distribution funds in place on those two businesses. Going forward, we absolutely believe that advertising is a solid grower of top line, as is consumer, and as we work through our new divisions and their portfolio roles, we will be making sure that we're allocating those investments to the places that have the greatest profitable growth opportunity for us.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we've been doing quite a bit of analytics on our trade performance in the marketplace and on the appropriate pricing. So we've been able to really understand with a new level of granularity where we've invested and the return on that investment, and we will be reducing less profitable or less ROI trade in the marketplace. That's our approach.
Denise M. Morrison: Alexia, I do think that the major shift for us in terms of out of the can packaging has been in the area of premium soup which has been a place where we've expanded our Campbell's Slow Kettle in tubs, our bisques in boxes, and now our new organic soups, which are also going into that segment. And that segment is growing. And that segment also commands a higher price point, so we're very pleased with the margins that are in that particular segment. That said, the canned soup business is still several billion dollars, and very profitable, and so bringing news to the core business is also an important part of our program here. And I think the best example I can give you in terms of margins is on the broth business. Recall once upon a time, Swanson broth was 100% in cans, and over time, after the introduction of the aseptic Swanson broth at a higher retail and very solid margins, we've been able to manage that conversion at the pace that the consumer has taken us there. And so, we now have two very profitable offerings in that particular space. So I hope that answers your question.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, I think that – again, there are many consumers that continue to buy canned soup, and there are some that choose to buy soup in other packages, and we believe we are bringing the consumer a choice model depending upon what their preference is, and we make sure that our margins are acceptable.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, let me take you back 3.5 years, where we had no innovation pipeline on our soup and Simple Meals business and our sustainable innovation was driving about 5% of sales from new products on a rolling 3%. Fast forward to today, where we have built a pretty robust innovation pipeline in that business, and our sales from – in new products introduced in the last three years now, are about 11%. We would like to get them to between 13% to 15%, so we still have more work to do, but we are totally in a different place. That said, we've been able to go back and look at literally the plethora of activity in that space, and what we've realized is if we can cluster our innovation into fewer, bigger platforms that have scale in the marketplace and can have a bigger impact, that would be a better program that we are now prepared to run. And so, for example, if you look at health and wellness, innovation in the organic space, innovation in the fresh space, and innovation in vegetable nutrition, are three big platforms that we believe we can build out. In Simple Meals, our whole dinner sauces with skillets, oven, slow cooker, and now grilling, can be a platform that will have a meaningful difference in the category. And so, those are two examples of how we're starting to look at it.
Denise M. Morrison: No, I believe what you'll see is us building on to the platforms that we've already initiated, and coming out with new bigger ones over the next couple years. Because we still are very committed to brand building and innovation as a way to drive sustainable profitable growth.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, our supply chain continues to deliver about 3% in productivity every year. And with the soup common platform and plant of the future, it actually is introducing much more flexibility into the footprint to be able to manufacture products beyond the can.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, and I would just add that the three icons still remain very strong in condensed soup, and where we've seen the impact is in the other eating with the interaction with ready-to-serve.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, we tend to view the business that way. And in fact, it comes together really nicely on CampbellsKitchen.com, we were able to suggest many recipes using both broth and also our cooking soups to make fresh food taste great. And so, we do see a scale play in terms of our cooking varieties. That said, we still have a very nice business in our other eating condensed, as well.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think it's important that when you run an innovation program, there has to be an acceptance that some of the innovations are going to hit, and some of them are not. And the trick is, is to figure out which ones are the winners, and put your money and investment behind those, and figure out which ones are not, and pull them away. And I believe we have been running that kind of program. But we've seen some very important innovation to our core business, for example, in pub-inspired chunky soup, which has introduced a whole new line of innovation to that particular franchise. We also were very pleased with the building of the dinner sauce platform that I talked about earlier. Those are two examples where we've really hit the mark. The other place, too, is in the premium soup. We've been able to get 4 feet extra for premium soup in the stores, which has enabled us to expand Slow Kettle and the boxed soup, and also provide a home for our new Campbell organic soup. And, again, as I mentioned, that segment is growing nicely. We've introduced Goldfish Puffs in the Pepperidge Farm franchise, which are gluten free. But we also introduced Jingos! a couple years back that didn't work. So, there is always going to be a mix, and what we are pleased with is that we're hitting more than we're missing.
Denise M. Morrison: I'm sorry if I gave you that impression. We have a very robust innovation pipeline in the perimeter, with our Bolthouse Farms business. In beverages, we're introducing new blueberry banana almond milk, and a couple new salad dressings. In addition to 1915, which is the ultra premium cold-pressed juice, and we also have an innovation pipeline that's looking at other categories in the perimeter where we can bring Campbell's capabilities. So there's a lot of activity going on in that space.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, the shelf stable juice category has been really sluggish for a couple years. And I think that one of the big drivers is most of the juice in that category contains sugar, and there's been a movement on the part of consumers to really pay attention to that. That said, we are pretty well positioned having vegetable based Beverages. And we decided a year ago to really rethink that whole offering from V8, which is why we spent a great deal of time developing the V8 Veggie Blends, gaining some expertise from our part of the business at Bolthouse Farms. We're just getting those vegetable blends in the marketplace today, but what we believe is that that will offer consumers great-tasting vegetable juice alternatives that are mainstream priced, and we believe will add a jump start to our V8 business. In addition, we only have 10% of our business in single-serve, whereas most beverages have about 50%. So, we are still very committed to increasing our V8 business in single-serve immediate consumption. And with the Veggie Blends, we'll have more of a breadth of line to offer our distributors in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: The core tomato franchise has always been polarizing. There are people who either like tomato or who don't like tomato. And we haven't been able to offer the people that don't like tomato base a different alternative. So we believe that tomato will still be an important part of our franchise for those who love it, and we'll be able to offer other things, as well.
Denise M. Morrison: Not intended to be, Eric. I mean, when you take a step back, the pricing action was only on 25% of our U.S. retail portfolio based on gross sales, but across our entire portfolio, it equates to about 1.4%. And we were very surgical about where we priced, and so it was predominantly on Red & White condensed, on Prego, and on Campbell gravy. So the other place where we are constantly looking to is where we've spent promotional activity and didn't get the returns on that activity.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that's part of it, David, but literally, having the one less plant in our system, having a much more expensive spot market and making sure that we were – we got out of the gate with a huge back to school program that put some pressure on our forecast, it was above what we had anticipated. So there was a combination of a lot of things coming together and we got behind. And then we made the conscious decision to make sure that we were delivering for our customers and I still would have made that same decision.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, our consumption is down about 1%, and it's pretty much in line with center store categories. So...
