Mark Clouse: Yes, that's -- yes. No, I got -- great question, Andrew. I guess maybe let me start with a little bit of what was better in Q1 than perhaps we had expected. I think it really does begin with top line. We were stronger performance on the top line, really driven by two things. I think the first was better in market, lower elasticity than we had expected paired with the marketing effectiveness. I'm always a little bit tough to tease those two things out. But at the end of the day, that in-market performance share recovery was stronger and faster than we had expected. I think the second area is we continue to execute really well on the supply chain. And the recovery in supply was fast enough that it allowed us to accelerate availability both for that inventory that we had planned. But also you saw places like unmeasured channels growing even faster than we had anticipated. In particular, foodservice was very, very strong. And as you drop that down into margin and you say, okay, top line better, how to -- what was different in the margin. As you know, when you get that top line going, there's a lot of positive effects throughout the P&L. And I do think, consistent with that, we saw greater efficiency. And again, I do think the execution across the Company has been very strong as well, whether it was the execution of pricing or Wave 3, whether it was our supply chain. I think, the combination of those elements were all very positive, and it did result in a better top line and a better margin than we had initially expected. I do think as you look out then across the balance of the year, what we would continue to expect, I'm not making a broad balance of the year move in our elasticity assumptions. In fact, you would have heard Mick talk a little bit in his comments about some pockets of increases in inflation that are resulting in a Wave 4, although very targeted, still a bit more pricing that we're in the midst of executing right now. And so balancing that ongoing view of consumer resilience, I think we're being pragmatic and not necessarily carrying that elasticity favorability through the year. I think then if you start to say, okay, well, how does that kind of play out across the year. As you think about the next quarter, I think the two things you'll see that are going to be a little different than Q1 and is you won't have the inventory recovery opportunity, and you probably will see a little bit of modest increase in promotional spend and the continued kind of investment in the year, and that might be a little different than what you saw in Q1. And then, of course, as you get to the back half of the year, you're beginning to lap the significant pricing from a year ago as well as some tougher comps to get through. I think the net of this I just would say is that we are in Q1. This does remain a pretty volatile environment. I think we've tried to be appropriately pragmatic and looking at the balance of the year. But if you take our guidance versus where we were, it does imply, and I think a little bit of this is the way for pricing and inflation dynamic. If you take the midpoint of the two guidance ranges, we're about 20 bps actually lower in margin assumption for the year. And that is a little bit of reflective of the dynamics that I just explained. But like I said, it's very early in the year. And I think we -- the good news is we feel great about starting really on our front foot and the things that we can control, we really saw positive performance across those variables in the Q1. And that certainly does give us greater confidence heading into the balance of the year based on where we are today.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I would say, first off, just to kind of make sure I appropriately caveat this. Everything that we're doing as it relates to an investment side, especially on the promotional side, would be very responsive to the marketplace, very modest in the sense of it being quite normal and just kind of how supply has recovered. This is not a overly aggressive stance or one that we're trying necessarily to distort a position as it relates to share or market because we don't really need it. I think the -- the reality is that the combination of the marketing, innovation and what we're doing on the brands have been very effective. And again, with my druthers, I'd rather be supporting the equity side. But at the end of the day, it's important that we stay very vigilant on the price gaps. And so everything that we're doing is really about watching where those price gaps are and how we feel about the value proposition. I think what's been really impressive across our portfolio is that although we're watching and seeing consumers change behavior in how they're purchasing and which categories they're migrating into this has been very, very helpful in the sense of getting the relevancy of our brands continuing to remain quite high. And so I think as we look forward, I'm not seeing anything that would suggest that our pricing would be overly aggressive or necessarily conservative. And I think that's the way we want to be, and that's where we want to be balanced. I think you mentioned soup obviously, in places where we're seeing more private label pressure. We want to make sure that we're especially vigilant there in keeping those price gaps reasonable. And I think we're -- right now, we're exactly where we expected to be on the soup business, actually a little bit better as we continue to see just tremendous momentum on our ready-to-serve side with both Chunky and the introduction of Pacific Can ready-to-serve soup has done very, very well. So probably a little bit ahead there, but on the condensed and broth side, very much in line with our expectations.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think we're pretty caught up. If we think about what we expected, as I said, I think if you remember, we talked a little bit about the unmeasured channels and a little bit of lagging there. I do feel really good. And again, you see that in the 500 basis point delta between our net sales and our consumption that really does reflect some of the -- both the inventory recovery in retail, but also those unmeasured channels recovering. And I think as I look forward, I would expect us to be closer and much more in line between consumption and sales as we go forward.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think one of the things to keep in mind on that number, Jason, is it was one of the harder hit when we were rationalizing supply a year ago. It was perhaps one of the places that felt that the most significantly. So although I would say we are seeing increase in demand. The biggest driver of that recovery is really the recovery of supply.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I do think there'll be some delta there. But as it relates to retail in particular, I think those two things will be close. I do think your overall net sales will get a little bit of bump as foodservice and some of the other unmeasured channels recover. However, I don't think you'll see this kind of difference because we -- as we did start to stabilize supply you see kind of a steady recovery. So although I agree with you, some delta, not as significant as this quarter.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And I think the places where we saw deltas are really in the protein, resin areas and a little bit of this at times like, for example, in steel, we might have expected a little bit faster walked out in prices that may not have materialized at the same level. And so part of what we're reacting to is a little bit of the change in outlook for the cost relative to what we talked about for Wave 4 pricing. And again, it's a very targeted pricing action in particular to certain areas where you may have experienced some of that pressure.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So it is a much more targeted action probably low single digits overall. I would say that as we've navigated through this last couple of years of elevated inflation, the level of transparency and almost the mechanical nature of understanding the validity of pricing actions has become a muscle that has really been built well, I think, on both sides of the table. So, it's really much more about the dialogue of where our costs, what -- how do those reflect what we're suggesting on price. So, I do think we are in a moment now where this is more the tail end and thus then ensuring that everything that we're doing is really clear and transparent, rationalized by the costs that we're dealing with. But I think when that happens, it's relatively constructive and the conversations kind of move forward, I would say, in a very almost mechanical way. I do think that the sensitivity around ensuring that we're doing everything possible to support the brands and the categories we're in, maintaining affordability for consumers in this tough environment. It's certainly top of mind for both us and the retailer as we work together. And so, we're quite conscious of those dynamics and ensuring that we're making the right strategic choices for the business for the long term.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think it will be closer in Q2. I do think you might see a little bit more promotional spend in Q2 than Q1, again, all within a very reasonable range. It's really then the back half where you start to see the significant impact of a year ago pricing. And incremental contribution from pricing would be significantly lower as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Mark Clouse: Yes, that's good question. I think that -- let me start with the elements of the strategy of our margin road map on snacks are very much intact. And so the ability for us to see the progress on the initiatives that we had as part of that, whether it was the original completion of the original value capture or the next wave of opportunity that we've seen relative to network route to market are all very much on track and in line. I will also say further to that, that the top line performance continues to be very, very strong. And as we all know, at the end of the day, on snacks, growth is really and has been the top priority for that division from the beginning. But I think the good news is all the things that we expected to be delivering, we're delivering. I think what we can't predict exactly right now is how the environment will evolve over time. There's no question that the combination of both inflation and some of the costs associated in the supply chain relative to COVID and all of the things that that we've been navigating over these last couple of years, how that comes off as we go forward and the environment begins to normalize. We talked in the past, if I were to kind of put a let's call it, a rough framework around it, I think there's probably a couple of hundred basis points of just what I would call environmental overhang that I do expect us to be able to improve by. So when I think about longer term on the business, I still remain very confident that, that margin objective and goal is in place. I think we just need to see how the environment unfolds to put a better qualification on timing. But I think the good news is the elements that we need to see progressing, we are seeing progress.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean we continue to be very bullish on the sauces area. This is a place that, quite frankly, before COVID was growing very well and certainly has continued through the pandemic and even in this moment of economic pressure, we continue to see a very high degree of relevance in that space. And when you look at our portfolio and sauces and you say, okay, where are the opportunity areas or the white spaces? I do continue to believe that there is opportunity at different price points. And I also think that in adjacent segments, there's opportunity as well. And I do think as you see our strategy kind of unfold over time, you'll continue to see us both driving that base business aggressively while adding strategically kind of either small tuck-in acquisitions or some perhaps organic developed new items to complement, not unlike what we're doing with flavor up and the re-launch of sauces, which again, very early in a different model of launching. But at the end of the day, continuing to build out. One thing I'll just mention that's quite interesting in this moment where economic pressure is putting barriers to -- away from home eating a little bit more. What's been very interesting is younger consumers have been one of the bigger sources of migration back into in-home cooking as their confidence and capability through COVID was established or built. You see them returning to that area. And so our opportunity of continuing to kind of arm them with new products or also innovation as it relates to recipe or usage is very much a focus of our strategy, one that's working very well at this moment and one we would expect to continue to do both through innovation as well as the marketing side.
Mark Clouse: I think, Rob, certainly, in Q1, I think the -- as I said, I think the execution and the growth certainly supported a lower rate than that. And I think as you look forward, I've not made a big adjustment to any out-quarter outlook. I think, again, as we navigate through this environment, we're trying to make sure we stay as pragmatic as we can. And as I think about it, what are the things that we're watching very closely, it does revolve around that consumer resilience and the continued overall value proposition. And so I haven't changed much of the outlook for the balance of the year, but I would acknowledge Q1 certainly was better than I might have originally expected.
Mark Clouse: Well, I mean one, the top line was better, and that helps. I think there also as we as you go through, as you might remember, we were in the midst of executing a fairly significant Wave 3 pricing. And I think as you kind of go through that process, you've always got assumptions that as you execute, you may need a little less promotion in one area, maybe a little bit more effective in another area. Competition or price gaps may be a little different than what you anticipated. And so there's always a bit of agility that goes into this. And actually, this is a muscle that I would say historically may not have been as strong as it is today. And so kind of making some of those decisions in real time is very much an important part of the tool bag right now. And so I think that combination of elements really kind of led to what I would say is a better kind of on paper, if you will, lower bps of spending than what we might have anticipated.
Mick Beekhuizen: To your question, when you look at the 20 basis points of reference, that's really the change versus the previous guidance.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, not versus a year ago. So you do see -- I mean, as we already described last time around, there was a little bit of that margin pressure year-over-year in the mid-level of our guidance range and you basically have a little bit more of that reflected in the updated guidance.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes, mid -- Jason, I'd say mid-single digits as a percentage of overall net sales for the enterprise.
Mick Beekhuizen: Significant. And I think if you kind of -- right now, in Q1, it was in and around 6% of the overall enterprise.
Mick Beekhuizen: So Jason, when you think about our overall inflation for the year, we're seeing a very similar dynamic what you're describing, right? Just it is low teens inflation year-over-year for the full year. However, I mean, basically, that Q1 number was as expected, the 18%. Because as you might recall, when we spoke about kind of our outlook for the full year, we're expecting double-digit inflation in the first half, but then we cut over into the new calendar year and certain contracts reset. And of course, then you start to comp also higher inflation levels from this past year. And then in the second half of the year as a result we expect more in the, call it, high single-digit type of inflation. So it's really, call it, a little bit of first half versus second half story. First half still continued double-digit inflation you saw in Q1. However, then in the second half, you start to see that installation is starting to moderate; however, still inflationary.
Mick Beekhuizen: Yes. And the dynamic that Mark is describing between on the one enterprising, but also a little bit additional pressure on that inflation around whether it's steel and protein that's really a second half dynamic.
