Denise M. Morrison: Ed, yes. We believe that the list price increase that we took on ready-to-serve, coupled with the pullback on trade spending, was enough this year and that increasing the price on that particular line of soup next year was not prudent. That said, we believe there is still pricing power on our condensed line.
Denise M. Morrison: We have just hit the point of stabilization. I wouldn't declare victory yet, but we are largely where we expected to be year-to-date, despite the third quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, first of all, on the price increase, pricing and productivity improvements must offset the inflation that we're going to experience next year so that we can invest in brand-building and innovation. We think that's very important. As we plan this, we are not crossing any key pricing thresholds, particularly on our icons. And we anticipate to maintain the normal price gaps between ready-to-serve and condensed, which would minimize the interaction between the 2 soup sub-categories. And of course, we'll watch this very closely as it plays out in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we feel that we've made significant improvements since we've pulled away from the severe price discounting that we had last year.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, Chris, let me take the last part of that question first. Obviously, we are introducing double the rate of new products that we had last year, and our sales team is working right now collaboratively with retailers to make sure that we get the proper shelf space to accommodate those products. So that's in the works, and the response has been very favorable by our customers. And we focus those new products largely on Millennials and their preferences, and so that's why we have more in the RTS line of soup than in condensed. But that said, we are working on introducing some new news to condensed soup as well, and we will continue to do that.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the momentum is better on our beverages and our baked snacks businesses and our sauce businesses. I don't think the momentum is better on Australia. And I think it's better than it was, but it's still not all the way where we want it to be. And in our soup business, we're about where we would -- we expect it to be on a year-to-date basis. And we are optimistic that as we introduce the new innovation, going forward, we'll start to pick up accelerations in our growth.
Denise M. Morrison: The effect of our increased marketing support was mixed. We had, as I said, much better performance in beverages, baked snacks in Canada. And I think it's fair to say that we're constantly looking at the efficiency and effectiveness of our advertising and consumer promotion. And we also have an awareness that there are multiple drivers of demand that need to be balanced, and that balance could look different based on the business. So in our soup business, we had increased advertising and consumer promotion. However, with the pullback on trade promotion and the increased price that the consumer realized, we don't believe that we struck the right balance this quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, in looking at the categories in simple meals, most of those categories have had substantial increases in prices over the past couple of years, predominantly due to increases in cost inflation, and we have had the same. And we believe that we need to at least cover cost inflation between productivity and pricing so that we are able to effectively spend back in brand-building with the consumer and increasing our innovation. And we believe that condensed soup could -- is still a very, very good value relative to other simple meals in the grocery store. And as long as we can maintain the balance of pricing and advertising and new product news, we believe that the consumer will respond to that.
Denise M. Morrison: I think in Canada, they have a different balance of advertising, consumer and merchandising. And that worked very effectively for them this quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the advertising has worked better on condensed than it has on RTS this year. The amazing campaign has driven condensed consumption to where we planned it to be. I think that the advertising on RTS has not been as differentiating as we thought it would be, so we have to make our course corrections there. I actually walked a store this weekend and looked at some of the different pricing on simple meals, all the way from frozen entrées to cereal to perimeter offerings, et cetera. And it is astonishing how good a value our condensed soup is relative to some of those other items. In fact, we're right up there with candy bars. So I do believe that we need to watch it in the marketplace, but I really believe that it's very important that we keep advertising and promoting with the consumer and incenting them with new recipes and ideas for usage of this product. And that's going to take money, and so we need to invest that money back in the brand-building.
Denise M. Morrison: I think, Andrew, suffice it to say that we've been working on 2 paths. One is really jump-starting our innovation pipeline, which in Soup and Simple Meals was woefully under the average, and we've been very encouraged by the progress that we're making there. The second is really to make sure that we are leaving no stone unturned as we look at the fundamentals of our base businesses. And so when I talk about the drivers of demand, that's not only trade promotion and advertising and consumer promotion, but it gets all the way into product. It gets into offerings. It gets into shelves. It gets into distribution channels. And so we are and we'll be working on our operating plans as we speak, like I said, looking at our base business with a lot of detail to make sure that we get the right balance of all these drivers of demands to drive growth.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I wouldn't say that it has to be figured out. I think we've got a good line of sight to get better results on the base business.
Denise M. Morrison: In the Beverage business, we still see weak shelf stable juice category trends. However, our beverages have been performing and gaining share. And so the beverage business has responded, particularly our V8 V-Fusion and V8 Splash beverages, to the investment that we've made in this business. That said, we recognize that, that has come at a cost. And going forward, we will strike a balance to get back to profitable growth in beverages, with the momentum of new products and continued brand-building, which is now in our base.
Denise M. Morrison: I wouldn't say that the grocery store in general has cooled off. And particularly in the beverage aisle, it has not cooled off. So we expect that the industry is going to remain very competitive, but we believe that we have the brand proposition to deal with that.
Denise M. Morrison: There's no question that there has been more growth in some of the value channels this year relative to grocery. That said, we are underdeveloped in a number of those channels. And part of our innovation pipeline is to make sure that we're developing our business across all channels so that as consumers shop different places, they will find the availability of our products.
Denise M. Morrison: We offer products to all channels so -- but like I said, our business tends to be more skewed towards the mainstream channels at this point.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, I think that what we're seeing on a year-to-date basis is that we were down on our marketing expense in first quarter as we pulled back on nonproductive marketing expense that we had in our base. And our A&C in quarter 2 was up 6%. Our A&C in quarter 3 was up 13%. We have readied many new products to go to market. We've shifted a lot of resources inside Campbell's to form these breakthrough innovation teams and fully staff them so that there's a pipeline even beyond F'13 being built. So I think we've made in a short period of time -- remember, this has been 9 months. In a short period of time, we've made significant progress and kept the integrity of investing that $100 million in the new initiatives that we talked about last July.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. There have been offsets in the Global Baking and Snacking businesses, both in Pepperidge Farm and in Arnott's, to meet competitive situations. There has been some reallocating of marketing expense, which moved to above the line, and that's part of the reason why our gross margins were down.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, there isn't a single answer on the breakdown of marketing versus promotional spending. Again, each business, depending upon its situation, will have to strike the right balance of what that looks like going forward. That said, in our Baking and Snacking businesses, as they faced more competition in the marketplace, they made choices to -- we still spent advertising and consumer, but they made choices to reallocate some of those funds to more competitive promotion in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: See, we've been very pleased with the investment in advertising and consumer, particularly on our Goldfish brand.
Denise M. Morrison: Thanks for the questions, and thanks to all of you for your attention. In closing, we've made solid progress towards reinvigorating our innovation pipeline. We remain committed to our long-term growth strategies, and we recognize the need to continually refine our execution to drive improved performance. We firmly believe that meaningful, consumer-focused innovation, excellence in brand-building and expansion into high-growth segments and geographies are the recipe to maximize long-term shareholder value and create a meaningfully different Campbell over time. With that, I'll turn it back to Jennifer.
B. Craig Owens: I think the price increase or the lack of a price increase on RTS doesn't have much to do with the new products. For the most part, the new products will have independent pricing decisions against them. There'll be a few line extensions and new variety flavors in the existing RTS line, but it didn't play much into the decision about price increase.
B. Craig Owens: It means that we have, through a combination of cash and tax planning, determined that we can forgo some of the dividend activity that we had previously planned from our foreign subsidiaries, which saves us on the dividend tax rate. And we still feel like we'll be able to hit our cash flow targets.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I think you're right, Eric. I think the inflation that we're anticipating for next year will be lower than this year. If you’ll remember, we said this year would be something like 7% or 8% on input cost, leading to a total inflation number of around 6%. And we would expect a lower number for next year but probably still a number that will be ahead of the 3% or so that we look at as kind of a long-term guideline as to what we can absorb through productivity and enabler savings. So we'll give a more precise inflation forecast as we get closer to the year, but that kind of gets you in the ballpark of what our thinking is and why a price increase.
B. Craig Owens: It's a little bit across the board. We don't see any of the key inputs to the soup business that we think would be significantly down, and I think we see a range of increases across both packaging and ingredient cost.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, Rob, we've typically -- well, we've said and we have typically acted against the notion that the buyback program would be sort of the last piece or the lowest priority in terms of reinvestment to the extent that we can reinvest in our business, our existing business, that's first; and to the extent that we can find attractive external development projects, that would be second. And then we have sort of a philosophy of maintaining a pretty steady approach to payout ratio and our dividend. And then to the extent that we have excess cash, we tend to use that in our buyback program. And that's -- I mean, it's a little up and down by quarter. But broadly across time, I think that's what you would expect to see. We are not looking to significantly change the leverage in our balance sheet one way or the other with our share repurchase program.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think that would then depend on the size of the acquisition, the opportunity that we saw available. So no, it wouldn't necessarily be the same answer on acquisition.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, Andrew, there are a lot of moving parts, as you know, and I hesitate to pull out 1 or 2 of those and get people focused on those moving parts and not on others. I mean, on pension, I guess the biggest driver for everybody that has a pension plan will be the fact that discount rates are falling, and so we'll have to watch that. But I really don't want to get into shining a light on particular pieces of the puzzle this early in the game, and we'll kind of continue the dialogue around F'13 at our Analyst Day in July.
B. Craig Owens: To answer the second question first, there's almost always some of the slotting activity that shows up in the prior year, so you should expect some of the slotting expense to be in the -- that would show up in this quarter. I think that as we think about the $100 million, probably of that $100 million, more than 25% of it would be in marketing by the time we get to the end of the year, either marketing support of new product introduction or new product initiatives or marketing support against the brand building initiatives in some of the key areas that we have focused on this year.
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to gross margin, you're right. We have sort of pulled our gross margin expectation down as we've gone through the year. Obviously, we're able to -- against our guidance, to pretty well offset that. We're still looking at being, as we said in the -- both the release and in the script, we're looking to be within our guidance. But I suppose that for the quarter, we were down about 160 basis points. And as we look forward for the full year, we would expect to be down probably a little bit more than that 100 basis points at gross profit for the full year. With respect to F'13, again, I mean, we're just -- we're not at the point of giving guidance for F'13 yet, so we'll hold that one.
