Mark Clouse: Yeah, that's a good question. So I think one of the things, maybe just set a little bit of context, I think one of the things that has made this predicting consumer recovery a little more challenging than it probably seems that it should be is the non-linear kind of path that it's followed where depending on income level of consumer and category that you're referencing, the pace of impact has been somewhat staggered. And I gave the example this morning, which I think is a big reason for the moderation of inorganic outlook for the balance of the year, which is that the Snacks business in many ways and not inconsistent with history tends to be very resilient. And I think a combination of the role that snacking plays, a little bit of the emotional connection in tough times, all of those elements have kind of made Snacks a bit more resilient. But as we started the third quarter, we began to see what I would describe as kind of a catching up, if you will, of some consumer trade down, a little bit more buying on promotion, things that we had seen on the Meals & Beverage categories almost a year ago. And so as you look at Meals & Beverage, and especially as we watch these next four weeks or the last four weeks, you see kind of a full cycling of that consumer change in behavior on Meals & Beverage, and thus you're seeing Meals & Beverages to a certain degree recover. And when I say recover, it's not a hockey stick of change to positive, but more of a neutral base, then the categories kind of return, I would say, more to a historical run rate. And so in the last four weeks, as an example, if you were to accum all the Meals & Beverage categories, on a dollar basis we're up about 1% and on units we're about up the same. So you're seeing both units and dollars normalized positive, but fair to say Meals & Beverage kind of felt the impact a lot earlier. So why we say the first half, and again, that's a pretty broad six-month window. I think, I'm trying not to create a false sense of accuracy of pinpointing it, but I do think through the first half of the year, Snacks will have cycled a fair amount of what I would say their consumer adjustment or change in behavior is. Now, a little bit of the underlying element in all of this that's important is still how well are we executing, what does the promotional landscape look like, how are we doing with innovation, all the other variables. And I do feel really good about that outlook in 2025. And so I think the combination of those, albeit about six months later than we would have liked it to be, but I think then as you cycle through that kind of full swing, that puts you in a position where to see it in the first half of next year. Now, one thing that I will say is encouraging, and this was always a little bit of a question mark and a bit more real-time data, as we go into the summer, obviously the holiday weekends and kind of the summer, barbecue and entertainment is such a key moment for snacking. What is a little bit more encouraging is you're seeing the snacks categories in the latest four weeks, although not back to fully positive, are pretty close to neutral, down about 0.25 point, units are off about 0.5 point, but that's significantly better than what we were seeing in Q3. And even more interesting, I think, is some of the categories that index a little bit more to the upper end of middle income to higher income are actually performing really well in the latest four weeks. Things like Kettle potato chips, tortilla chips, some of our specialty like pretzel crisps, these categories are all growing in the latest four weeks kind of mid-single digits which again that the recovery path is not necessarily linear unfortunately for the middle and lower middle and lower income they feel it a little bit more and I think the durations wait a bit heavier. So that may be a little more than you bargained for Andrew on why we are pinpointing this but it is complicated and I think it trying to help people understand why it's not so simple to just put a pin in the ground on what it's going to turn by every category is probably important to understand.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, obviously there's a lot of good detail in that question and I will say that I think, excuse me, part of the advantage of doing our Investor Day in September is it will give us a chance to really have that wired pretty tight and arguably be able to give you a little more depth on it. But here's what I'll say so far. I could not be more happy with how the Rao’s integration's going. And really, I have to say it's on almost every variable within how you would assess an acquisition for a company. And again, I'm not entirely surprised. We were very patient and I think a lot of great diligence. But almost to the point, we have validated all of our assumptions, if not identified upside to just about everything that we laid out for you at the time of the announcement. So whether you're looking at the deal economics, right, all of those are more positive today than they were a great job executing the deal, financials really across the board, the health of the business, if you remember, I mentioned this in my comments, but we laid out a list of reasons to believe why growth on Rao’s would continue and really to the item, we're pacing ahead of what we would have expected those to look like. And again, just another really incredible testament to the team, which is another point. I really, again, applaud the work that Todd and team had done in assembling an organization and a group of folks that really know this business and how to drive it. And I could not be more happy about the number of Sovos employees that have joined Campbell's, starting with Risa who is leading our efforts, including our Pacific business and doing just an amazing job. So, I mean, honestly, as I tick down the list, I just would say everything so far really feels good. Now, I do recognize it's early and there are some things in your question that I want to spend a little more time on understanding, like the role of frozen. We did not depend on that heavily in our growth model, but I will say when I look at the performance of frozen pizzas as an example, it is really encouraging. And if I think about other adjacencies like soup and dry pasta, both of which are doing very, very well. And, as I said on the call today, I think perhaps one of the most pleasant surprises to me is really the strength of the noosa business. And although we had a fairly clear understanding that yogurt was probably not a long-term strategic category for us, the strength of that business, the uniqueness, and even the performance of it, again, a testament to a really great team that's leading it and doing a terrific job of running it. So when I think about it, I don't think we're willing to change, and by the way also on synergy, I think really clear line of sight to the [$50 million] (ph), arguably the path to achieving that may be a little bit faster, which will certainly help in the accretion and dilution, although I do expect still to be some dilution as we look at ‘25. But I think the net of all of it is a really encouraging start, significant and comprehensive validation of our assumptions. And I think in September, we'll try to give you a little bit more detail in unpacking each of the pieces. So hopefully that helps get you started with a little bit more to come as we as we get together in September.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think that we've talked about this a little bit before that from a historical perspective well before COVID, the Snacks categories in general tend to be a bit more promotable. I think it's a function, a bit of the impulse nature of the categories and the competitive nature of the categories. I do think what you should expect to see from us is continuing to remain competitive. Now, I do think given our categories and brands, we're not going to win this fight on the longer term by taking price down dramatically or going to promoted levels that are not sustainable. That's not going to be the right playbook for more elevated brands. I think a great example of that is right now in cookies, which is a tough category where we are seeing a fair amount of trading down into private label. The good news is our Pepperidge Farm business is really kind of holding its own, not by dealing the price points, but by continuing to bring added value. And so, kind of in the mindset of, if I'm being a little more thoughtful with my snack dollars, let's make it really count, has been more of the strategy on our more premium cookie business, which is proving to kind of be holding our own in that category, which has been probably one of the more difficult. I think as you get into salty, what we're going to want to do there is make sure that we've got reasonable price gaps, that we are in the key windows and on display at those key moments while continuing to bring a really robust level of innovation and news on our brands. And I think in particular, one of the places we're seeing a lot of competition is in kettle potato chips, which has been an extremely successful segment and continues to be, but we're also seeing a lot more competition there. And so we're going to want to make sure that we get the balance right. So what does that actually mean? I think in the fourth quarter, you'll see a little bit of balance between promo and investment and marketing. The net of it I think will be a pretty healthy investment. Nothing that that is out of the realm of history relative to promotion but certainly we want to stay nimble and make sure that we're as competitive as possible. And so, would you see 100 basis points or so of investment in promo as we think about Q4? I think that's probably a generally good proxy as we kind of navigate these next couple quarters.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think, part of, interestingly enough, as I said earlier, this kind of staggered approach to consumer behavior, I think we're a lot further down the road as it relates to the Meals & Beverages categories, which arguably we're experiencing a little bit of a trade-down pressure and some of the competitive dynamics that we're seeing now in Snacks we were dealing with a year ago. And what we've been doing is really making sure that we've got the right framework in place relative to price gaps. I'll give you a great example of getting that balance right. When you think about our condensed suit business, that's one of the areas where we've tended to really see a lot of competitive pressure, and that's probably where private label has been a bit more relevant as we've looked at trade down and where we've experienced. So over the course of the last six months or so, we've really been fine tuning what that price gap needs to be while continuing to support some innovation and marketing on the business. And in the third quarter, we were able to kind of re-stabilize, if you will, the share position. But the category was still down about 4%. As you go into the latest four weeks and recognizing we are coming into the summer where the magnitude of the numbers are certainly smaller, but you're now seeing even an acceleration or step up, if you will, in the soup business and accelerating both top line, which is now positive on the condensed business, as well as share and units looking better, while private label has taken a bit of a step back in that category. So I think in many ways, that may have been a little bit more muted pricing that was recognized as probably not the right thing to do for the category. This is not a significant deal down. You know that because you're also seeing very material gross margin [Technical Difficulty] at the same time. I know that in the consensus, we're a little lower than what some people had modeled, but please remember that the mix impact of Sovos into that number is diluting that, about 30 basis points in the quarter. If you were to add that, you'd be a lot closer to, I think, where people's expectations were. So generally speaking, I feel very good about the profit trajectory for Meals & Beverage. But I also think we've got that playbook pretty well refined. And you see it in soup as the recovery really continues to build momentum and actually moving into positive territory, both on units and on dollars, which is really important.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, why don't I -- I'll give a little bit of broader context. I'll let Carrie do a little bit of the bridge or the do-to, but you're absolutely right. It is important to remember that fourth quarter a year ago, we're cycling a pretty tough quarter from a year ago where we were feeling a lot of the kind of cumulative impact in absorption in some of our facilities given the volume reduction that we'd experienced through that cycle of pricing. If you remember, we talked a lot about this other supply chain cost line, which was a combination of some inflation, but also what I would describe as some of the inefficiency that we were navigating on the business. And so when you take that away and you start to stack on top of it, the productivity that we have at the same time, as well as one of the linchpins to the quarter was the recovery or improvement in the soup trajectory, which gives us an underlying tailwind on mix, which also was depressed in the fourth quarter, along with the Snacks roadmap and all of the other variables that we have attributing, we are expecting a significant step-up in EBIT and in margin. Again, a very healthy gross margin expansion, but where I talked a little bit about the dilution associated with Sovos, you'll see that more to the tune of about 40 basis points on the company. It's about 80 bps or so. Again, not a problem, not inconsistent with what we expect, but generally will depress a little bit of the upside. Still a significant upside even with that, but at the end of the day, a little bit more modest than what might be in a few models, but the net of all of that is you're going to be looking at EBIT growth that is probably in the 30s for percent growth, very, very strong EPS growth, and margin expansion really across the board. So a very good quarter of sustained sequential recovery, which has really been albeit maybe a little bit behind the pace of recovery that we wanted in the total business. The march forward has been very consistent and methodical, and fourth quarter will continue that. I don't know, I may have covered all of it, Carrie. Did I cover it all? I'm sorry.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think with the notable exception that Snacks, as we noted in the Q2, had a very, very good Q3. That's why you see a little bit of pressure in Q3. I would expect to see them return to growth in the fourth quarter.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I think the big enabler for us on the foodservice kind of divergence, if you will, from many of our peers has been the benefit of the supply chain progress we've had. As a reminder, our foodservice business, which sits in our Meals & Beverage division, is actually made up of both Meals & Beverage and Snacks businesses. And one of the things that we're seeing a lot of growth on right now is the expansion in capacity that we've been adding on snacking and enabling our foodservice teams to be able to sell with confidence against those brands. So that's gone very well. And then I also think, again, interesting when we think about the world of soup and we look for positive signs or positive indicators of stabilization of this category and the role it can play, one of the areas we're seeing an uptick in demand is our frozen soup business in foodservice. So more selling of soup as a menu item has been a pleasant surprise and that I think continues to be those two drivers, our soup business and our Snack business are really the two drivers for why I think you're seeing a little bit of a disconnect, if you will, in the growth of our foodservice business versus what you're seeing more macro trend-wise in that particular industry.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I know that is a significant topic of discussion right now, which is, were we seeing an overpricing on an absolute basis? When I look at the data today, I'm not yet seeing that as a significant concern other than as it relates to the context of where price gaps may be sitting. One data point that hopefully will make everyone feel a little bit better, if you look at the last four weeks through Memorial Day, salty as a broader category was essentially flat and that's not a good thing, right, given the historical growth that we've seen, but relative to what we had been seeing in the third quarter as a more material slowdown in that segment was a little bit better. Now, arguably, that's a fairly promoted period around Memorial Day. And so I think you'll see that drumbeat of promotion fairly consistent. But I'm not yet concluding that any of our, I can't speak to the industry broadly. But from our standpoint, I can't -- I wouldn't yet say that there's a place where we price too far. I do think there are some places where we have to mine the price gap perhaps a little bit better, a little bit tighter, maybe a little bit more frequency, but not necessarily a more dramatic step down in depth. So I think we need to watch that, and this is why I think these next few months through the summer and into the fall will be quite important for us to kind of do a little bit of what we've done on Meals & Beverage, which is settle in where we think the right price architecture looks like, the right promotion strategy, and make sure that we've got that balance right. But I'm not yet seeing a compelling call to action to necessarily lower pricing. But as I said, I do think you'll see a pretty good drumbeat of promotion, not wild price points, but a fairly good drumbeat of promotion in the fourth quarter.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, look, I think Snacks, again, I am not -- as we dug into this information more, I look at this and I go, you got a three-year CAGR of 8% if you take the third quarter on a three-year basis. Which, third quarter was our toughest underlying trend. I mean, the latest four weeks looked better, actually. As I said before, when you think about it in that context, a lot of discussion around is there are structural changes in the demand or the role of snacking. I just don't see it. Do I see some normalization and some catching up a little bit of wearing down economically of consumers? I do agree and I think that is the primary driver, but I don't think in my mind I see anything that indicates to me that we don't still have a great runway ahead. Now, what I will say is I do think our portfolio is a bit better position because if you look at where the fight is really happening in snacking with private label and there's no question that private label has made some headway into snacking, but a lot of that is happening in the main -- as you would expect, in the mainstream segments. And so the fact that our portfolio indexes much more to elevated categories, I actually like the setup for the future. Even in a world where private label may play a bit more of a role in Snacks, we tend to be in that elevated level above. And even as I mentioned in the latest four weeks, those segments, you're actually seeing a little bit more recovery. It's early, and I don't want to overcast the Memorial Day performance as a trend line, but I do think it's all encouraging and supports what we have believed, which is that the future of snacking and where the growth is really going to come from is more of these added value segments. And that bodes very well for how our portfolio is set up versus some of our competitors.
