Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager of Investor Relations.  As usual we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to our slide two or our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning's news release in the fourth quarter the company incurred charges associated with its initiatives to implement a new enterprise design that better aligns with our strategies to reduce cost and to streamline organizational structure. The company recorded pretax restructuring charges of $93 million related to the program and pretax charges of $13 million and administrative expenses related to the implementation of these initiatives.  The aggregate after tax impact of the restructuring charges and implementation cost was $0.21 per share. Last year, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded $21 million of pretax restructuring charges and restructuring related cost. We also recorded an additional $4 million of pretax settlement charges associated with the U.S. Pension plan. The aggregate after tax impact of these items was $0.06 per share.  Also as a reminder fiscal 2015 included 53 weeks, with the extra week falling in the fourth quarter. The extra week was worth an estimated $129 million in net sales, $37 million in EBIT and $0.08 in EPS. The adjusted results exclude the impact of the additional week in the prior year. Our comparisons of the full year 2015 with 2014 will exclude previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, which is included in our appendix.  Lastly, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2016 earnings dates. We plan to release first quarter earnings on November 24 which will include the new segments and pension and post-retirement benefit accounting changes with the re-casted prior year Q1 data. Shortly after we release our 10-Q, we will release the remaining re-casted financials. The next three earnings dates are February 25, May 20 and September 1, 2016.  With that, let me turn the call over to Denise. 
Ken Gosnell: Thanks Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time out of fairness to other callers if you could please ask only one question at a time. Thanks.
Ken Gosnell: Thank everyone for joining our fourth quarter call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after this call. You can go online or if you are calling 188-266-2081 the access code is 1660929. You have until September 17 at which point we move our earnings call straight into the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Just click on recent webcast and presentations. If you have any further questions please call me, Ken at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions please call Carla Burigatto, our Director of External Communications, 856-342-3737. This concludes today's call. Thanks. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: So Rob, I will comment on the fourth quarter and then I will come back to 2016. The fourth quarter comp is fairly clean. The only thing that gave us some advantage this year relative to last year is the timing of the mark-to-market adjustment on our commodity hedges. So we had a little bit of favorability this year relative to last year. So a small portion of that 180 basis points is that, and the rest is improvement in the operating performance of the business.  In terms of 2016, as I said in my remarks, we expect to see a modest improvement in our gross margin percentage and I think the way to think about it there is a number of positives and a number of negatives. On the positive side our annual cost productivity program where we target 3% of cost, obviously that’s the most significant benefit. We expect to see continued benefit on net price realization, mostly from the pricing actions that we’ve taken in the back half of this year. We do expect to see some margin improvement from improved supply chain performance year-on-year, given the challenges that we have in the first half of last year.  On the negative side, three things to mention. One is cost inflation which we expect to be about 2% to 3% and that includes the negative impact of currency on the input cost of a number of our international businesses, but also includes some negative mix and lastly the cost of some quality improvements we are making in some of our -- both our products and packaging.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Sure I can do that. I think the way to think about it in 2015, the amortization within our pension expense is going to be about $100 million pretax. And that's a good proxy for the impact of the accounting change when we through a bunch of pluses and minuses. I think a couple of additional points on this, these plans have been close to new hires for a couple of years now. They're very well-funded. We ended the year at 97% to 98% in terms of funded status. And we don't expect to make any contributions to our U.S. plans in 2016. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think it's more about how we came into the quarter. If you recall the third quarter I think our sales were down 10% while our consumption was only down one. So we came into the quarter with inventory levels down. We ended the quarter and the year with retail inventories about where they were a year ago. So in the fourth quarter while our consumption was plus 1%, our organic sales were plus about 5%. So we had about four points of lift from that shift in inventory.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Sure, I can you give you a little more color on that. So overall, like I said earlier the cost inflation of about 2% to 3%. If you parse that apart and look at the core ingredients and packaging and energy component it’s about 1%. And within that the key drivers will be about five categories, vegetables, flavors, sweeteners, chocolates and we have a significant increase in -- as a result of the avian flu, in both eggs and pasta. In eggs we’re looking at inflation rates of close to 50% in fiscal ’16. So those are the key drivers of the 1%. Then on top of that there’s a couple of other items. So first would be and I alluded to it, the FX impact of input cost on our Canadian business and the Australian business is fairly significant.  And then the other couple of pieces, one would be wage raise within the supply chain and also benefits both healthcare and pension. And in terms of the commodities, because you mentioned some of the prices coming down, we're locked in to about 75% of our commodities for fiscal ’16.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, other than the comment I made earlier that we came in to the quarter with inventory below last year. I mean it’s kind of a rocky road. We started the year and ended the year about the same place, right which isn't a lot of retail inventories. The issue that we saw all throughout the year was the quarterly volatility starting with the first quarter with the timing of the holidays change because we had one less week in the fiscal year and then some timing in the third quarter where we pulled back quite a bit on some of our promotional activity in soup and that led to some reduction in retailer inventories. That corrected in the fourth quarter and I’ll say again we ended the year at relatively low levels comparable to a year ago and I don't -- can't think of any particular anomaly within that Jonathan. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I would say let me put it at this way, I think there is an opportunity overtime to grow the profit in that division above the company target. 
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The segment classification is the good question. And I'd have to think about that and what we'll do when we get to the first quarter I'll make sure I highlight which segment we put that in.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, let me start first with our core business in the United States and in Australia we are pleased with the share in consumption of Goldfish crackers and in particular Milano, although we did experience in the quarter some softness in cookies. That was pretty much as expected, because we -- in the biscuit business in the United States, particularly in the quarter, we did not promote as heavily as last year because the promotions were not as productive as we would have expected. So that was pretty deliberate. But we expect moderate growth in the United States on our biscuit business.  In the Australian business we are really happy with the year that we had there. That has been a pretty remarkable turnaround. We were challenged in Australia for a couple of years and they have now posted really outstanding results and it’s been really on the fundamentals, better advertising, more innovation, more brand building, more digital. So we believe that the building blocks they put in place there are very sustainable.  We had a great year in Indonesia with double-digit growth but we did have a slow fourth quarter and all you have to do is pick up a newspaper to see what’s going on in Asia these days. But we’re watching that very careful and we believe -- look we have lot of runway in Indonesia to expand our distribution points but we are going to be very responsible about that business in '16.  And then the Kjeldsens business, this is a very small quarter for Kjeldsens. The sales are skewed in China largely towards Chinese New Year. But that said, we did have some inventory overhang from Chinese New Year this year and we're working through that right now. And that hit us predominantly in the fourth quarter. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, we are continuing to manage our trade promotions to maximize our profitable volume. We're maintaining a focus on competitive activity in both our customer programs and in our consumer response. And we are, as noted, looking for opportunities to improve our trade spending not only for ourselves to get a better return but also for our customers to get a better return. And so there is no real strategy to cut back but they're definitely is improved analytics and revenue management. So we have a much more productive trade spend.  In total, our advertising consumer and trade was about 24% of sales which we try and aim for about 24% to 25% as a rule. 
Denise M. Morrison: I think that we look at the marketing mix as the three elements of advertising consumer and trade. And of course that mix is going to vary by business in terms of what degree we spend. But we do have some shifts going on. As Anthony alluded to we are making a conscious effort to reduce our non-working marketing where it's not a productive spend.  The second is within advertising, we are shifting more dollars out of conventional TV and more into digital. And that spend has been shifting overtime but will be up to 40% going forward. And then we try again for ACT to stay in the range of about 24% to 25% of sales and that's remained pretty constant over the last couple of years. 
Denise M. Morrison: I can't comment really on competition investments. But I can say that we continue to be very supportive of our independent distributor network. They are a large part of our business model and we'll continue to build the business alongside of them.
Denise M. Morrison: We are doing both and obviously the category itself has been under a lot of pressure based on the consumer and so what we've been really focused on is how do we broaden our line and better deliver on the things that consumers are looking for in vegetable juices and we believe that vegetable juices have an advantage based on the consumer trends. We learned a lot from Bolthouse and actually our V8 veggie blends reflect a broadening of vegetable based beverages based on consumer preferences for those particular flavor profiles and we think that that is really taking the business in the right direction.  That said we still have some leaky bucket in our V8 V-Fusion that we're dealing with. Our V8 SPLASH and V8 Plus Energy are doing really well and our immediate consumption has now posted the second quarter of growth. So we've got some good signs on the growth curve, but more things working than not. But we're still are cautious about declaring victory yet.  The other thing we're working on is a mastering complexity project in our supply chain which we believe will have a really positive impact on our profit going forward. But that is a longer term play.
Denise M. Morrison: The brand -- Veggie Blends is showing some really good trial and repeat, and we believe we do have to invest marketing to drive the trial because the repeats are so strong. Building a new product today is heavy lifting and so making sure that we breakthrough and we are supporting the brands we put out there is an important idea.
Denise M. Morrison: The drivers are really that inventory movement is largely a function of promotional activity and as we’re noting the activity is not consistent quarter-to-quarter and inventory changes are largely individual customer decisions. So those are three other points that round out that discussion. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I think, expecting that business to grow moderately at the top line and expand margins is a more balanced approach to the portfolio in terms of expecting these categories to do what they can do. And that doesn’t mean that we won’t have pockets of growth. For example the Plum business resides in that category in to -- in that division. And we expect robust growth from Plum. We also are not taking our foot off the gas on innovation but we're being a lot more selective about the innovation we put into the market, because we're in a different place. And couple of years ago we didn't have a pipeline.  And so what happened as a result are some little ideas got out into the marketplace. Today we have built the pipeline and we could be more choiceful about the larger ideas, where we know we're going to get an impact from. And so I think this is a much more responsible way to run this business. And we believe that we can deliver better value for our shareholders with this approach. 
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, and it has been eroded for the past couple of years. So by -- getting into our cost structure and getting into the discipline of zero-based budgeting we're going to be able to do this in a very surgical way, so that it sticks in a sustainable way. 
Denise M. Morrison: We actually believe they will be largely incremental to the category because it is an incremental usage occasion, going after soup as a snack. We believe that there is a great overlap between our Campbell soup users and Keurig users. And our research has confirmed that. We are shelving it in the coffee aisle, in about 70% of the retail environment. And that's basically because we believe that people who are interested in buying K cups will see this as a real positive in terms of expanding the usage of their dispensers into new categories and new usage occasions.  We have two pack sizes, one designed to drive trial which we situating in the soup aisle and then the -- that’s a two count pack, and then a six count pack in the coffee aisle. So we're pretty excited about it. It's going to be different, but we believe that the space has really been a game changer for coffee and we expect some good things from it. 
