Denise Morrison: I think that the gross margin expansion that we have achieved has been done with a lot of analytic rigor and has gone after things that really are not hurting the business. And we definitely have kept our investment in advertising consumer and trade around that 24% level and that really hasn’t changed although the mix changes by brand depending upon the competitive situation that it’s in. With the $300 million, we have been able to save through our effective cost savings program, we have reinvested a significant portion of that back into the business and intend to do so as we go forward in pursuit of the $150 million that we will save. When you peel it back, our top line really needs to benefit from the return to growth of Campbell Fresh, which we expect next year and also continued progress to stabilize our V8 beverage business. Our Global Biscuits and Snacks business has momentum. Condensed is pretty stable. RTS grew nicely and we are under some pressure in broth. So we know what we have to do to get to that growth rate.
Denise Morrison: Right, okay. So first of all, in the farms business, we believe that we are getting to stability on that business with significant improvements in quality and customer service. And then in the beverage business, by the end of the fourth quarter, we should be in a situation where we can produce enough product to satisfy shelf stock and also promotion merchandising demands from customers. Today, we are selling what we make and we can only fulfill shelf stock although that capacity is getting better with the line that we just put into our own plant and then the co-packer will get us back to where we can actually supply. We have plans to start to amp up on the beverage business early in fiscal 2018. And we expect, with the right marketing and promotion program with customers, we will continue to see that business growth. And we are planning on growth for that business next year. From the profit side, we have invested seriously this year in quality, but yet, we do expect margin expansion from this business for a couple of reasons. First of all, as we have delved into the supply chain, we have been able to realize that we have got opportunities for productivity. And quite frankly, it’s a significant portion of the $150 million cost savings program that we have talked about before. And secondly, we expect margin expansion just from the fact that we will be growing the CPG higher margin business at a faster rate than the lower margin carrot business. So we should have some margin expansion due to mix shifts. So that’s how we are looking at it at this point. And of course, we will keep you posted along the way.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean the environment in biscuit continues to be competitive, just like the rest of the environment, but we are very pleased with the performance of our Pepperidge Farm and our Arnott’s business. I think the competitive situation you are talking about is in the United States. The program that we are running in the biscuit business is we are advertising our brands like Goldfish and Milano. We have increased innovation in all of our brands and with new innovation in Pepperidge Farm farmhouse cookies, which we are excited about. These cookies are clean label simple ingredients and thinner, crispy. They just provide a different experience. We have also upgraded our classic cookie line to respond to the fact that the market has moved in terms of quality and we need to maintain that edge. And then finally, we have a lot of confidence in our direct store delivery network in terms of their ability to merchandise and work the shelf in store. And we think that combination is serving us well and our business results are proving that out.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Let me start first with the retailer landscape, which is really competitive and we have got value players and e-commerce putting pressure on more conventional retail grocery and mass channels. And in that environment, the amp-up of promotion and also the push on private label continues to be pretty robust. What we have actually done in terms of our promotional spend is we have spent on broth for the holiday this quarter and we experienced some lower lift. We have increased our support – our promotion support on V8 +Energy because that brand is really gaining a lot of momentum. And the rest of our promotional spending has been on Global Biscuits and Snacks and particularly in Asia Pacific biscuits, we have a strong promotional program there. And then finally, we did hold our in-season soup prices longer than prior year. And in an EDLP environment, that actually hits the promotion line. But I assure you that we are continuing to manage the depth and frequency of our promotional program while we remain competitive and we have to do that. And we will continue to make marketing investments accordingly.
Denise Morrison: And looking at our categories, most of them have – private label has been pretty much as it always has been, but we did experience an up-tick in soup and in particularly in the broth area.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, suffice it to say that we have always run a multi-channel business and so this isn’t the first time that the retail landscape has morphed, although I have to say that I personally have called the shift to digital and e-commerce a seismic shift. So we are definitely making longer term plans to address that. But in the current term, e-commerce is about 4% of food sales and we are setting up resources to address that, but I can assure you that we still have very strong resources against our traditional partners.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean, it’s a great question and we really have to look at the marketing mix by brand and what the brands’ objective is and how they are targeting, because under the A), there has also been a lot of movement away from classic TV and print and into digital, which creates a whole different kind of marketing, content development and a lot of efficiencies there. And we are still all getting better at how we measure effectiveness. But I also think in the, A), with the cost savings programs we have been running, we have been doing lots of deep dives into what’s working media, what’s not working media and how do we make sure we are moving more of our dollars to work harder for us. So, that’s the high level answer on A. Of course, we are watching some of the shift to T, where we have got a very robust revenue management analytics group that supports our marketing and our sales force. They are looking at net price realization, because it’s not only list price. It’s also EDLP. It’s also promoted price points. And so those vary by brand, but they are all tucked into the T part of ACT. And then finally, we are also seeing a bit of an uptick in shopper marketing and that’s involved in that T as well. So, again, I think it’s really hard to give you a one-size-fits-all answer, but this is a hypercompetitive marketplace and you have got to be agile in terms of how you run the business to make sure that we are remaining competitive. And we are proud of the fact that despite the difficult environment we have been able to maintain our market share across 75% of our business.
Denise Morrison: And I will take the second part. David, recall that we put a new leadership team into C-Fresh earlier this year and their mandate was to conduct a deep dive strategic review of the business. And we even retained help to do that so that we make sure that we had a real objective look and we were not talking to ourselves. And so this team did an exhaustive review of the categories, the opportunities, the potential for the business as we have got our capacity back up. We looked at both the CPG businesses. We have really looked at the beverage business and then we also looked at the farms business. And they came back confirming the potential of the business to deliver growth in excess of our long-term targets and at multiples of center-store categories. So we will be running that play. That is a 3-year strategic plan that they created and that will go into the next year’s operating plan. So we really took this opportunity in a tough situation to go all the way back to go and say, what did we assume when we bought this business and are those assumptions still valid, and how do you see the potential of this business. And quite frankly, with the consumers’ shifts to fresh, we think that going forward we are going to be in good position to capitalize on that shift.
Denise Morrison: Yes. You look – we run three different kinds of supply chain here. We run a warehouse supply chain. We run a fresh supply chain. And then in Pepperidge Farm, as you indicate, we run an independent distribution system through DSD. These distributors are entrepreneurs and they have built a great business. In the snacks business, you do see a portion of the business in warehouse snacks, but you also see a large portion of the snacks business, whether it be sweet, savory or salty in DSD. So we still believe in the model for this category and the operations part of it calls for a very focused category distribution. That’s where you can get the maximum effectiveness and efficiency. In fact, we have two separate DSD networks, one for bakery and one for snacks, because of that reason. And we do believe that DSD also helps with the quality of the product and making sure that we are working the shelves every day.
Denise Morrison: The fresh bakery, we have been under pressure with Swirl bread and sandwich bread. We have now increased the quality and reformulated our Swirl bread and we are out with new sandwich bread offerings. So we believe we have responded to that. And our buns and roll business seem – continues to be really robust and we will be continuing to push that one. So bakery was down slightly.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Just to specifically answer your question in shakedowns, we actually have shakedowns in a couple of the school systems in the country. We have moved those more out of retail and into working with schools to give kids healthier snacks. In terms of the new management team coming in, their first and foremost objective is now that we have got our quality and our customer service back is to make sure that we are shoring up our business with customers and making sure customers are happy. In addition to that, we will innovate some things in carrots. For example, one of the things they have are rainbow carrots where we have been able to grow different colored carrots. So, we are working with those in a few retailers. But I think suffice it to say that most of the innovation will happen in the CPG business. That’s where we really are pushing innovation, but we will do enough in carrots to make sure that we are keeping that business stable to modestly growing.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think the refrigerated beverage business is very competitive and we have seen – the advent of ultra-premium juice, the fermented juices coming or fermented beverages coming in, but we do believe we have a great product and we have a range of across super premium and premium juice. We have been again strapped, because we haven’t had the supply and the capacity to meet that increased demand. So next year, we will be running a full play.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will just add to that, Bryan. I would say that our long-term margin target for C-Fresh is getting it to 10% and that’s going to take a few years. And I think we will make meaningful progress in 2018 against this. We have identified opportunities in procurement. We have identified opportunities in terms of integrating supply chain and we have identified longer term back office consolidation opportunities as well. So we have a pretty robust plan. We think we can get these margins back in the near-term and look to make progress next year on it.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I would just add with respect to the DSD situation, obviously we are very aware of what’s happening. We are watching it. And we are developing specific plans of our own to take advantage of that situation.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will just go back to what we said last year. Last year, gross margin was down 90 basis points and we said 70 basis points of that was Bolthouse Farms and 50 basis points was the recall more narrowly defined.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think the quick answer to that is we weren’t near the low end of those earnings ranges before the quarter. So we are just with one quarter to go, we thought it was prudent to tighten them up a bit. And again, we were already above the low end before.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I will take the first part. The revenue guidance reduction does not stem from changes in C-Fresh. It’s related to the performance of our shelf stable businesses in the U.S.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would just add that in terms of the latter part of your question, we don’t feel that we are constrained by just Pepperidge Farm products. We do think we have the velocity and the volume to push into the smaller stores and push into the growing channels. We continually look at the system. Sometimes, we split routes to make them smaller to enable that kind of enhanced distribution. But again, we don’t think we are constraining our growth.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Jonathan, I would say no, is the short answer. I think what happens as you get into our fourth quarter, which is relatively small. So any changes that we make, has kind of exacerbated at the margin. But as we look at it and look, we have always expected a robust fourth quarter and there are several key drivers. One is the significant expansion in gross margin. We are lapping a 90 basis point decline last year, most of which was driven by Bolthouse. We will benefit from incremental cost savings coming through our supply chain as well as our ongoing productivity program which has been performing really, really well. As Denise mentioned, we are cycling a very high level of marketing investment. And I think it went up about 150 basis points last year. We will return to more kind of normal levels. And lastly, our GBS business had a really strong third quarter. We anticipate it will have another strong quarter in the fourth. So, if you look at all those factors together, we are pretty confident in our guidance.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think just a good way to look at it. If you go back to last year, I mean, our fourth quarter was very weak and we had a great year in terms of generating cost savings. So I think our fourth quarter last year didn’t really reflect many of the things that we have been working on and those are going to come through this year.
