Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate and good morning everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2014 earnings call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, our Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations.   I am going to start things of with a few reminders including items impacting comparability and our quarterly earnings days for fiscal 2015. Denise will follow me with her perspective on the quarter of the year and our plan through fiscal 2015. Anthony will then discuss our financial results for the quarter and full year, finishing with our expectations for fiscal 2015 and after that we will take your questions.   As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode.   Today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements, which reflects Campbell’s current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks.   Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to Campbell’s most recent 10-K and SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Now I would like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning’s news release, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded $21 million of pre-tax restructuring charges and restructuring related costs to improve our supply chain efficiency in Australia, to reduce overhead across the organization and for previously announced initiatives. We also recorded an additional 4 million pre-tax settlement charge associated with the US pension plan. Last year in the fourth quarter we recorded $30 million of pre-tax restructuring charges and restructuring related costs to improve our US supply chain and structure, to expand assets to manufacturing and distribution capabilities in Mexico, to improve the Pepperidge Farm supply chain and reduce overhead in North America.  Our comparisons in fiscal 2014 with fiscal 2013 to exclude previously announced items as shown on slide four. So now let me remind you that we will use non-GAAP measures to enhance our explanations. We’ve provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure as appendix to the slides to accompany our presentation. Because the guidance for fiscal 2015 is on a 52 week versus 52 weeks, we show the estimated impact of the extra week in fiscal 2014 on sales and earnings as well. These slides along with our earnings release and selected quarterly and annual financials also can be found on our website which is available online or on your mobile device with the Campbell IR app.  Last, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2015 earnings dates shown on slide six. Like this quarter, the days are a little later than usual due to the 53rd week which you will be hearing a lot on this call.  November 25 is when we plan to report first quarter, the next three earnings dates are February 25 of 2015, May 22 of 2015, and September 4, of 2015. With that let me turn the call over to Denise. 
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Anthony. At this time will conduct the Q&A session. We would likely to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question. If you have a second question, we invite you to re-enter the queue as we’ll take double dippers after everyone else has had the opportunity to pose a question.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, and thanks everybody for hanging on a little extra time there. We appreciate you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. If you missed any of our calls, the replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes, simply dial 7039252533, the replay access code is 164 2451.  You have until September 22 at midnight at which point we move our earnings call to the website at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com just click on news and events then recent webcast and presentation.  If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. Investors and analysts should call me, Jennifer Driscoll, no catchy number just 856-342-6081. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect.
Denise Morrison: Our sauces strategy is to continue to build pace brand. We have on the docket for F ‘15 some innovation and brand building programs. But most of the contribution from sauces will come from the growth in Prego, where we are continuing to expand our white sauces, and also the innovation in our Campbell’s dinner sauces, where we have introduced Skillet and Slow Cooker sauces, and this year, we are introducing Oven sauces, and that platform continues to build. We now have the majority of retailers giving us an extra four foot section in the stores as a destination for these particular sauces. So it’s a very strong and profitable business for us.
Denise Morrison: I think it’s really important that the company, given the fact that we are still having challenges on our organic sales to continue to invest in these brands and to make sure that we are innovating, and that is going to take the investment that we have in our plans.  However, given the volatility in the market place on some of the commodity issues that we’re facing et cetera, we are constantly looking for additional opportunities for cost reduction and management of those margins. So that’s what I was indicating their. We believe that we’ve got it balanced, but quite frankly, if there are surprises we will take extra action to make sure to deliver what we said we’re going to do.
Denise Morrison: The way we are looking at it Eric is, we need about a point more of sales and two points of EBIT growth to get to the bottom of the range, and when you think about the puts and takes that we’re cycling in F ‘14, that give was about four points of EBIT pressure in F ‘15 with a net impact of about $45 million from supply chain cost and incentive compensation. Without this headwind, EBIT would have been consistent with our long-term targets. So we have line of sight of how to get there. However, we are saying that there may be a call for more M&A to continue to diversify into faster growing spaces for sustainable achievement of those long-term targets.
Denise Morrison: And Chris, just to build on that. In the fourth quarter last year, we were gearing up on launching Campbell’s Homestyle soup. So that is something that we’re cycling this year.
Denise Morrison: Alexia what we’re doing in the next year is two things, we are improving against our drivers of demand, but we are also investing more in broader platforms to improve total category performance.  So each one of the things you listed in and of itself is a single initiative, but when you bundle that into a premium soup platform, we then will be building the expansion of Slow Kettle and the introduction of Campbell’s Organic soup. We’re putting premium soup sections in stores, so that we know that the consumer for these particular product is younger and more affluent, so that gives us the range in value all the way from Condensed soup all the way up to a Premium soup and shelf-stable and then also in chilled, and so focusing on premium soup platform, we believe is a faster growing space for is within the soup category. The second thing we are doing is, Swanson broth is giving us an expansion to a flavor infused platform, which is offering consumers a creative homing soup in meal solutions based on the insight of why I cook? And then, within some of the brands we have platforms like pub-inspired Chunky or building out our Campbell’s Homestyle and Healthy Request soup. So what we’ve really learned is by bundling these into platforms, what we have to do is improve the total category performance, which has been declining,, and if you can do that by bringing new users into category we believe that’s the best opportunity for growth.
Denise Morrison: The only thing I would add is that, we typically plan our innovation at the average in the food business, and so if something performs better than average we get a benefit from that. But if something performs below that we believe that by planning to the average weekend balance out.
Denise Morrison: There are several factors, but I’ll talk about two that are on our watch. The first one is the impact of snack, particularly on the recipients, they are about 12% of our shopper base and that’s correlated to about 1% decline in sales. There are about 19% of households in general, based on government data. IRI captures about 12% of them as they do their analysis. And our analysis shows that about 30% of our retail customer base is experiencing greater dollar declines among these households versus their total retail shoppers. So we are continuing to watch that. The second is a shopping pattern of the next generation. We’re watching the fact that 18 to 24-year-olds are not necessarily frequenting stores like their parents. Now, a lot of them live with their parents, so that might explain some of it. But as we dig deeper in it, some of them haven’t even made any trips to either a club store or mass merchandiser in the last year. So making sure that we are engaging this nice generation where they shop and how they are going to be engaging with brands is going to be very, very important. So those are the two things that we think are having a macro impact, there are more.
Denise Morrison: Actually for F ‘15 we have made course corrections based on our F‘14 results, and we’ve worked with both depths and frequency depending upon the category and the competition we are facing, and obviously for competitive reasons, we don’t disclose the specifics of our promotions, but we have like I said taken up learning and applied it. In general, we aim to keep a total marketing spend, which is a combination of advertising consumer and trade, add about 25% of less sales. But the marketing mix is going to vary depending upon the brand and the category and the competitive set in that category.
Denise Morrison: Well, we continue to evaluate M&A targets that are a good strategic fit, but we have a very disciplined approach. So I don’t want to take away the [b’s] that we’re going to be reckless about this. We definitely have been looking at specific targets, but we’ve walked away from more than we made.  So the prioritization will be about the places that we’ve picked being the global baking and snacking area, the packaged fresh area, health and wellness in North America. Those are the three areas that we believe that they are faster growing spaces for us based on the strategy that we’ve laid out. And we do have the financial flexibility to make a meaningful acquisition, but like I said, we are being very disciplined about it.
Denise Morrison: Well, we have a majority of our business still concentrated largely in grocery and mass merchandiser which gives us lots of opportunity for expansion in other channels, and we believe that we need to make a concerted effort to do so. We have expanded our sales presence and our programming across multiple channels and we are also paying attention to the e-commerce space with many of our large customers and so we are doing a better job in terms of tailoring programs in some of these new spaces. So we’re not highly efficient right out of the gate, but we are learning and getting better at it. I think most of the promotional situations that we have though this year was more in our traditional channels, and we were working more with frequency and less depths and in some categories like baked snacks and soup that didn’t work as well as we expected it to. So we are of course correcting.
Denise Morrison: We definitely have pay for performance compensation system, and with sales goals that are higher than our guidance. I think we have time for one more question. 
Anthony DiSilvestro: Let me kill clarify Eric, what I said is that, our fiscal 2015 growth rate would be lower than our long-term target growth rates. Those growth rates in F ‘15 are more consistent with our internal plans. And the 0% to 2% EBIT and EPS growth includes the negative headwind from returning incentive compensation to target levels, part of which is offset by restructuring benefits from the programs that we recently initiated.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. You must be referring to the multi year programs and the annual plan resets every year, so that certainly goes back to target levels. The way the accruals work on the longer term ones is that you basically adjust to your current expectations, so that going forward, the increment is more consistent or closer to target.
Anthony DiSilvestro: On the fourth quarter, we had a couple of situations in the supply chain was relatively unique and different than the full-year impacts that we saw around, for example, the Plum recall the impact of the extreme weather on warehousing and distribution costs. What we saw in the fourth quarter is really two things, and they both add up to being about a two point impact on gross margin quarter-over-quarter. The first is the timing of our fixed cost absorption, last year we had some favorability, this year we had some unfavorability rating. It’s a relatively small quarter, we are truing up some of our fixed cost reserves and what we saw was year-on-year negative impact on gross margins. And the second is on our open commodity hedges, so we take forward cover on the majority of our hedge able items, and what happened in the fourth quarter, the underlying prices of those commodities declined and so we had to record a loss on some of those open commodity hedges.  So those two things happened in the fourth quarter, and again they are not really kind of a recurring thing which is why I added the comment that looking ahead we do expect 2015 gross margin percentage to be comparable to this year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: He yes, I would say I don’t want to give a specific forecast for simple meals, but as Denise said, we do expect soup to grow in 2014. We do expect growth from some of our other areas within simple meals. The challenge is that some of these core centre store categories have been sluggish of late, and that’s kind of what’s holding its back. We will flex the marketing to focus against some of the innovation that’s going on, so the launch of Oven sauce and the launch of organic soups, so will flex the marketing within there to do that. We expect pretty significant renovation, I mean Denise talked about 200 new SKUs, a lot of those fit inside the simple meals category.  With regards to weather, I would say kind of neutral year-on-year, but don’t really focused too much on that.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I would say being the finance guy that that weak wallet has a very significant impact. We’re talking about our core category performance and probably something that we can affect the least, and it’s certainly impacting some of our centre store categories. Unlike the innovation thing we’re doing a lot about innovation. Now, those things are more in our control, we understand where the consumer is going, we can bring new products. Denise talked about dinner sources, we have a new line of [VHUs] as that is more healthy, we have new varieties of Swanson and Chunky and Homestyle and Prego Vista. All those things are addressing kind of where the consumer tastes is evolving. The hardest one for us to get at, obviously, is that weak wallet and the impact on our core categories.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Denise was referring to our total marketing so advertising, consumer and trade spending, not the selling and marketing line on the P&L and trying to keep it around 24% to 25% of their sales. I wouldn’t expect any significant changes in those percentages year-on-year or ‘15 versus ’14. Maybe some slight changes within them, but nothing significant.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay, I can address that because with any planning cycles there are certainly puts and takes. In this year, we had the Plum recall that was worth $16 million as we’ve discussed. In the four quarters, we had this issue around losses on open commodity contracts, both of those are going to turn and go the other way in 2015, but there has been some one-offs or takes in 2015, as well.  Most of that Plum recall wrap is going to be offset by unfavorable currency movement at the transaction level. So, imports into both Canada and Australia are adversely impacted by the weakening of those currencies.  So there are a number of pluses and minuses that kind of net out with the exception of the incentive compensation headwind and we’ve talked about that that’s $45 million. A good portion of that $45 million is going to be offset by the benefit of our restructuring programs. We had three quarters this year, where we’ve announced restructuring initiatives, combined when we fully implement those it’s worth 65 million, we won’t get all that in F ‘15, but we’ll get a good portion of that. So we’re trying to mitigate that impact, and again we have a number of puts and takes and they kind of all balance out with the exception of that one big one.
Anthony DiSilvestro: If I could just add to that, I mean certainly M&A, can play a role as you’ve seen us deal with Bolthouse and Plum and Kelsen in terms of improving our growth profile and we’ll continue to look for opportunities to do that.  But we also recognize that in terms of value creation the best thing we can do is improve the performance of our base business. And Denise has talked about the dual mandate, we are focused on expanding in the higher growth spaces with innovation and packaged fresh and availability in the international business that we do own. So it’s a combination of improving the base and expanding through M&A that will get us to that $10 billion target.
Anthony DiSilvestro: We have a very significant initiative against the immediate consumption channels that we’ve talked about as we develop our own router to market network. At this point we have over 100 new distributors signed up. That transition is largely complete, we’ve got over hundred thousand doors in terms of coverage and we expect to see some growth coming from this initiative, probably by the second-quarter of fiscal ’15.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Guess I think the first is we certainly acknowledge what has happened to our gross margin over the last couple of years, and the principal driver of that has been an increase in trade rates, and it has to do with the environment, it has to do with a couple of a businesses, namely US soup in Australia and more recently in Pepperidge Farm. And I think the difference, and certainly it is a challenging goal, we acknowledge that. But we also acknowledge in order for us to hit our financial targets, we need to do a better job at managing this trade rate closer to flat. We have plans to that in 2015 with a combination of changes promote price points that something that we didn’t have coming into this year, so that has a direct and immediate impact on the amount of trade. We have adjustment to the frequency and around specific promotional events continuing to learn in terms of what programs are more productive versus less productive, and that to reallocate within the portfolio. I think most of the challenge in Australia is fully behind us, we have specific plans to address the issue of late within Pepperidge Farm. So as we look across the portfolio, and again, its going to very by category, but we are looking to hold the trade rate relatively flat, and it is a challenge but that’s our plan and what we are trying to do in 2015, because we know how critical it is to the gross margin to get this trade rate back to flattish.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Let me jump in first here and then Denise can come at it if she’d like. Thanks for the second attempt here at an answer. Think about it as two parts, again there is an annual incentive plan which kind of resets each year and then there is long term targets that will increase year-on-year, but do not get back to 100% pay out.  So, the annual incentive goes back to target, the long terms ones will go up next year, but they don’t go anywhere near a 100%, if they are set against our long term sales and EPS targets.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I can take that. In F’14 we had $700 million of long term debt maturing. We also had cash flow that enabled us to reduce our total debt levels by $300 million to $400 million. So one of them has been just paid off with cash from operations, and the other as you pointed out, refinance with commercial paper. As you know, we have pretty access to capital markets, so we are continuing to evaluate opportunities to come to market. We don’t have a specific plan to share with you today on that, but again we are looking at that pretty closely.  In terms of capital allocation priorities, not much has changed there. Obviously our first priority is to fund our ongoing business, the second would be dividends, third, M&A and the last would be share repurchases.  What’s changing in F’15 is that we are going resume in a modest fashion a return to share repurchases, get a little bit of EPS benefit in F’15, but that would be the only change for us going forward. 
David Driscoll - Citi: Thanks for taking the question, I see the hour show. I’ll be direct here, I wanted to just talk a little bit about the gross margins. When I look really big picture at Campbell’s Soup in more than 10 years of data, Denise, we haven’t seen a gross margin like this. I mean 35.4%, it’s remarkable in respect to what Campbell has produced for so many years. I also believe that at the beginning of the year you guys thought that the gross margin would actually be kind of flattish on the year end and it was down 190 basis points. So there are a lot of things that have really happened that I think were not easily predictable by the team. The point in the question is, can adjust discuss why gross margins wouldn’t have significant risk to the downside ongoing for the very same factors that kind of drove the F ‘14 numbers. And is it simply all about this 65 million in savings, is that the lifeline that we are hoping that really stabilizes gross margins, thank you.
David Driscoll - Citi: I mean to state the obvious, it’s unsettling to see these gross margins do what they are doing and then to have confidence in the model. Certainly ‘15 will be critical. Can you describe or quantify the size of the commodity impacts for the open hedge position that it took in the fourth quarter. If I’m correct, that’s a reversible item. So what will happen is as you actually recognize those the actual transactions through F‘15. What was the headwind in the fourth quarter will become a tailwind within the operating segments as the course of ‘15 plays through and the hedges are used up.
David Driscoll - Citi: It’s 10 million bucks, and then I would go back to Eric’s question just to speed it. I think I want to state it simply, the $45 million of incentive comp that you built back into the plan, I think what Eric was getting at is, kind of why does all 45 million get back into the budget for the year when the expectation is that the company will not achieved its long-term targets. I mean it’s in simple form, and he doesn’t mean to come across that harsh.  I mean Denise, may be the right answer is, you just have to pay the team in order to keep the team. I think we all just kind of want to understand the philosophy on the 45 million and what it takes to maintain the excitement of the people running the business.
