Keith McLoughlin: Thanks, Ken and good morning everyone. Today, we will walk through our fourth quarter and full year results, cover the actions we are taking as a result of our comprehensive board-led strategy and portfolio review, and provide fiscal 2019 guidance and our updated long-term targets. Anthony will first handle the financial details of the quarter and the fiscal year, and then I will provide an in-depth review of the significant strategic actions we have planned. Before I turn it over to Anthony, let me share some high level thoughts on what we announced on our press releases this morning. It was a tough end to a difficult year. At the 3 months in my role as Interim CEO and digging into the operations with the new management team, it’s abundantly clear to me that the company is in need of greater focus and discipline. We have to run Campbell with a much tougher set of operating and financial standards. Despite our execution challenges, during the year we completed the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance, the largest transaction in the company’s history which expands and strengthens our position in the growing snacks category. We also added Pacific Foods, a leader in organic soups and broths through our company. Both acquisitions bring valuable and growing brands that align with and complement our core capabilities and a more focused portfolio. On top of these transactions, we continue to deliver against our multiyear cost saving programs. The results we delivered in fiscal 2018 along with our outlook for fiscal 2019 reinforce the rationale for why we undertook the strategy and portfolio review in the first place and the need for the significant actions we are taking to turn the company around. There are three critical action steps coming out of the review. First, Campbell must become a more focused company; second, to accelerate this focus, we need to divest certain non-core businesses and to use the proceeds to significantly pay down debt and strengthen our balance sheet; and third, we must further reduce cost and increase our asset efficiency to reflect a leaner, more focused, and agile enterprise we are building. These actions are designed to return the company to long-term organic sales and earnings growth. I will cover all of this and more in greater detail shortly. I want to emphasize that the actions we announced today are the right moves at this time to create shareholder value. The board and management team are committed to de-leveraging the company, maintaining our investment grade credit rating, and rewarding our shareholders through dividends. The board also remains open and committed to evaluating all strategic options if they can demonstrably enhance value. With that, let me turn the call over to Anthony to cover our financial results.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. I will say that we reviewed all options, and based on the information that we know, this is the best value maximizing path forward.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. We are not getting into each specific business, may be I can say that as you see in the portfolio set up here and specifically the roles within the portfolio, we are actually looking to deploy the vast majority of our resources against what we are calling these franchise brands, right. So brands that have strong position in the marketplace, that have best in class products that have strong market shares and have high margins. So what you are going to expect from us is we are going to only take money out of corporate treasury and deploy it against those winning brands and that’s a significant shift. And it’s going to allow credible discipline and focus for the organization because we win in those places.
Keith McLoughlin: I would say a little bit to your point, we are a public company, alright. I mean we are for sale everyday, right, so a little bit to your point, nothing has changed there. I think what we are trying to emphasize is that we are committed and I committed to you I think back on May 18 that all options were on the table and no fake accounts because of what I said and that was the fact. And so as the Board went through the strategic alternative review process every material strategic alternative was reviewed and considered. So that’s what we are emphasizing a bit. But to your point we are a public company.
Keith McLoughlin: Right. That’s fair. I think what I would say is my experience is that deal making works and really only works when acquired brands fit well into the buyer’s capabilities and strength. And we have got some good examples of that right now. And in the case of Pacific, right and soup, in the case of Snyder’s-Lance and connecting that strengths and capabilities of Pepperidge Farm snack and we have had some examples, but what is the case in carrots and potentially other areas. So I think that’s the key learning, right and that’s how we will leverage these most recent acquisitions and while we are getting good traction on that.
Keith McLoughlin: I have not thrown my name in the hat. The Board as you know is conducting a robust search process and we have both internal and external candidates. They are utilizing leading candidate assessment and executive search firms as we talked about. I can tell you they own it in a big way. As for me, I am all in and I am all in for as long as the Board would like me be.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, thank you. I will take that. We are taking pricing actions and we need to take more mature is kind of the short version. As you know, it’s not an easy environment right now to get structural list price increases and therefore you have to play the whole keyboard. You got to do list price actions, you got to do gross to net work, you got to do mix, you got to do cost of engineering and our teams are doing all of that. My experience is that commodity cycles are like currency cycles. Ultimately, they have to make their way into the marketplace. Unfortunately, there is usually a lag right on both ways, but for us the question is not if they are going to make the way into the marketplace, it’s when and how much and getting that pushed through. So we have more to do there, I would say stay tuned.
Keith McLoughlin: What we are saying is we have to talk to our customers first and as soon as we talk to our customers, then we will communicate. You will be the second to know.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes, I would say, it’s actually – Anthony you can jump in, but I think there is three buckets here. One is as you mentioned a biggest one by far is the cost inflation and for the previous caller’s question we are not getting enough price to offset that in fiscal ‘19. So, that’s the biggest headline or impact to our organic earnings in the year. As you mentioned also the sales decline both in the Meals and Beverages and also C-Fresh that Anthony mentioned, that there is a not insignificant part of the organic fresh soup business that is going away. And so the sales decline there is having an impact on earnings and we also have some administrative incentive comp numbers that are tough to comp over. Anthony can you comment any more on...
Keith McLoughlin: So again it’s a balancing act here a little. But you will see and it is happening in 2019 in some cases as we focus more within the portfolios or which portfolios we are going to focus on, but then within those portfolios. For example within U.S. soup, we are going to focus on the key brands that I have mentioned there. And actually there will be in some cases a 50% increase in brand spend, in advertising spend. So again it’s probably a layer of detail as you can’t see, but within the portfolio there is investments increasing not at insignificant rates against specific brands that we are targeting.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. The math is right, the impact of the acquisition then is both Pacific Foods and Snyder’s-Lance 300 basis point negative impact on order. If we dial back a few month as we came into the fourth quarter we had certain expectations for the performance in Snyder’s-Lance. And I think as we mentioned there were a couple of things that we were dealing with one around not production equipment that was relocated and some higher than anticipated freight inflation. I think what exceeded our expectation is the fundamental performance of the business and the achievement of the $35 million of cost and synergy savings which helped to offset those other impacts. But net-net it’s still up with a drag on the overall gross margin percentage and will be as we get the full year into next year about a point negative impact on next year relative to this year.
Keith McLoughlin: Yes. Let me start with your second question and that as we stated earlier the Board remains open to evaluating all potential opportunities to enhance value going forward, right. And right now what we are talking about today is what the Board has decided is the value maximizing strategy and if there is a better way to do it going forward, they maintain that flexibility. But right now it’s focused straight ahead. And let me answer your question, so don’t think about necessarily snacking is really tricky, so let me try to walk through it. We will think about it as two businesses with two completely different missions, right, snacking versus meals and beverages. It’s actually the missions that we are talking about are brand missions. So, you have to go within snacking and within meals and beverages and so where are the businesses that have those criteria that we talked about right, so have the brand strength, have best-in-class products, have the market position, market share, have high margins. And then you say okay, I got a franchise business. Now, the next question is what’s the market that they are planning it, right? Is it a growth market or is it a stable market in some cases like condensed soup is at the declining market. So there is still franchise businesses, but from that you say, okay, which ones already have the growth missions and which ones has an earning and cash machine. So that’s how we are doing the work. And actually, it’s honestly a more sophisticated way to operate and manage your portfolio we have done a ton of work over the last 10, 12 weeks with the senior leadership team to get through this. We have real good clarity on that and it’s just hard work. It’s not that complicated to manage it, it’s just hard work and I think we are up for that.
Keith McLoughlin: Just build on that a little bit, one of the opportunities that we see in the company as Anthony mentioned is to work the balance sheet as hard as we work the income statement. I think historically we haven’t done that in the company and go back a few years, we probably didn’t necessarily have to do that, but we have to do that now and we should be doing it, right. So as some of you know, my experiences is not limiting businesses with margins like we have here, right, which meant you work that balance sheet everyday. And so we are going to employ that and we have already activated several initiatives against that and that will help when you get those assets starting faster and get those margins expand into free cash with the kind of margins, we have, the free cash flow generation here is potentially significant.
Keith McLoughlin: Okay. Thank you and thanks everyone for joining the call today. Although it’s always been 90 days, a lot has been accomplished and a lot has been decided. Having said that, this is an important beginning, we have several important work streams underway that we are very excited about and we look forward to updating you on our progress in those work streams, several of which those on the phone have asked about today, so we are looking forward to updating you. Of course we also have to operationalize these points, so we got a lot to work to do going forward, but we are quite confident there. One thought I would like to leave you with is this is a new Campbell, a Campbell that is focused on our franchise businesses to drive sustainable profitable growth, that is stronger both in our balance sheet and our management team, that is leaner and more agile with less bureaucracy and faster decision making and that is disciplined and our capital allocation, our resource deployment and our drive to maximize shareholder value. Thank you for joining us this morning. And for those of you in the U.S., wish you a great Labor Day weekend. Thanks very much.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure, Keith. Bryan, as Keith stated, we did add two expert financial advisors involved in the process and that process included several financial approaches. One, I would say is a detailed discounted cash flow analysis of each of the alternative strategies whether to optimize the portfolio, divest certain assets are split up the company. We also performed analysis of future share prices using a PE multiple approach and EBITDA multiple approach for each of the scenarios as well, and we also looked at historical transactions, multiples, and historical premiums. And as Keith said, based on that assessment, our conclusion based on that analysis is to focus on two businesses in one geography, as the right plan for us going forward.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. Thanks for that question. I think the first thing I would say is this was not an individual led process, right. This was a Board led process, so the Board owns this. And the work we are doing here, and I have outlined today candidly has to be done, it’s absolutely necessary, and I can’t actually conceive of a scenario where it wouldn’t need to be done. And the third thing I would say is we have got a strong operating team in place that’s been obviously actively engaged in this process to execute it. So, I don’t see a major change, of course that will be the prerogative, but I think again this is a Board -led strategy and with full and unanimous support from the Board.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. Andrew just a couple of points, one is on a pro forma basis, soup would be about 30% of our portfolio going forward, so it’s up a little bit from where it was before. I think you are directionally correct on kind of what we are looking for in FY ‘19 which is better volume performance, but a little more trade spending on our part. And I would say with respect to the key customer couple of issues around timing is, one is we are lapping some pretty major hurricanes, we had a bit of a volume bump last year that we are wrapping and we are also not going to wrap the customer issue until we get to the middle of the first quarter. But with respect to that key customer we can’t comment on the specifics, but what we can say is that we are aligned to the soup strategy for the upcoming soup season. That includes pricing, merchandising activity including the holiday programs as well as new items, so we expect to be back in business. And by the middle of September that programming and pricing will be in place, so we would expect trends to improve as we go into the heart of the soup season.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I will take that David. So I think when you guys unpack the guidance here, you will figure out there is a modest decline expected on organic sales. And the two primary drivers are one, the expected decline on U.S. soups. And second and I have mentioned this in my remarks is we have a couple of fairly significant expiring private label refrigerated soup contracts that are not going to get renewed and those contracts are probably worth about a point on total company sales. The soup decline is probably worth a point on total company soup on sales as well, so that gives you a sense for what our expectations are. And as I have said before our expectation is that trends on soup will improve as we get into the soup season.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I mean, I would say when we get through this transition we will be a very different company. These planned divestitures will enable us to focus our portfolio on the two businesses and one geography, significantly reduce debt and delever the balance sheet. And as we take Campbell Fresh and Campbell International out, we are integrating Snyder’s-Lance into the portfolio. This is a significant shift and the composition will be almost half of our sales will be in the faster growing snacking categories, we will benefit from revenue opportunities from the combination of Snyder’s and Pepperidge. We have a significant cost reduction opportunity. We are targeting $945 million by 2022, $295 million of that from Snyder’s-Lance. And as Keith said we have got a good track record of delivering against cost savings and we are very confident we can deliver against that $945 million. Keith also talked about managing the balance sheet, CapEx down as the percent of sales, reductions in working capital and that combination of top line growth although it’s modest and cost driven margin expansion which we are confident we can achieve can generate 7% to 9% EPS growth.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think you had to look at within the quarter and the timing of when the issue started with the key customer on the soup category and also some early benefits we had around the timing of the hurricane. And as we look at that and look at the pricing and promotional programs and new items that are going into play that’s kind of how we see the season unfolding.
Anthony DiSilvestro: The incentive comp is not insignificant, it’s not way down this year and it’s about four point headwind to growth next year. On the marketing I would say that more of this is a shift within advertising consumer and trade as we focus on fewer brands, fewer initiatives and fewer campaigns and we are reallocating some of that money to the promotional line. So a lot of it is shifting around within the portfolio and not necessarily an absolute increase in total marketing as a percent of sales.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, I think like I said I think we fundamentally have a different business coming out of this transition than we do today. One that has a higher exposure to the faster growing snacking categories, one that has tremendous cost saving opportunities on the heels of the acquisition of Snyder’s-Lance and the opportunities that we have to integrate Snyder’s and Pepperidge and Campbell together. It’s also driven by the successful cost take-out that we have had ongoing at Campbell than the fact that now we are now going to increase that by $150 million and we have good line of sight in terms of where that’s going to come from. You get some lift obviously between EBIT and EPS, because we are as we drive the earnings growth and manage the balance sheet that the cash flow generation is going to be even more significant using that cash flow to repay debt in the short-term and then transition to other uses of cash as we get the leverage ratio back to where we wanted to be.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I will give you the number that the margin in its stub period here was about 9% on $770 million odd worth of sales. And as I have said before there has been plusses and minuses. We have had to deal with the trade issue on one of the categories which we mentioned previously we are dealing with this is not production challenged and a bit higher inflation particularly around freight. So we have been able to offset more than we had expected coming into the quarter and that’s been driven by a factor realization of cost savings than we initially anticipated. As we have said we are at $35 million as we finish the year, so that’s the piece that exceeded our expectations and in fact it helped to offset a majority of the other issues that I mentioned.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Absolutely, as we look at this business and we had the opportunity as we did the strategy review to take another deep dive into Snyder’s-Lance or even more optimistic and confident that we can achieve these forecasts. And if I just talk about 2021 we had previously talked about an EPS accretion range of $0.40 to $0.55. I would say now that I would be at the higher end of that range in terms of our outlook as we sit here today.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. So as we talked about the total now is to target $945 million and that’s a combination of the base Campbell program which we had been targeting $500 million. We finished the year at $420 million and in side of that and one other thing that’s going to generate some of the incremental savings on that program is the recent decision to discontinue manufacturing in our Canadian plant and transfer most of that production to the U.S. So we are still making decisions around the plant network and the footprint. And the other piece of it as I have said before is the Snyder’s-Lance that’s $295 million. And then lastly as Keith said there is an incremental $150 million. I don’t have exactly the split between G&A and COGS, but I consider they are going to be both in there, where there are some organizational costs that we are targeting. There are some further ZBB work that we can do would come a long way since 2016 on the ZBB process and having implemented it here and have some experience with that, so we are going to expand that a little bit. And then we think there is additional opportunities in supply chain, some of those are procurement related, some of them are manufacturing related. So we continued to look at our footprint growth, the plant network and the production line within those plants. You may recall one of the things we have done over the last couple of years is our – we call our soup common platform initiative. It gives us a lot of flexibility, more common can sizes with the flexibility on the size up and down. So that has enabled us to take production lines out within plant and we will continue to look at the overall plant network, obviously including the Snyder’s-Lance plant.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. The soup contracts that I talked about our refrigerated soup contracts and they are within the Campbell price division that probably represent about a point on total company sales and we are going to lose, it’s not the greatest margin, but we will lose some margin on that. What we’re anticipating overall on Campbell Fresh is to make improvements in the Bolthouse Farms business which is a combination of carrots and refrigerated beverages and salads. We are expecting some improvement there will give some back on the other side, probably call it a push overall.
