Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think, as we said, been pretty consistent through the year. As we start to cycle a little bit of this kind of return to supply, let's call it, a little more of a level or equalized playing field, I think it's going to be, again, this balancing act or combination of ensuring that we've got the right price points, promotion frequency, but also the equity has really been at the end of the day, what's driven a significant amount of the benefit on the business, right? So, the idea that we've been able to position cooking and condensed as a quick great value tool for solving this dilemma, whether it's in the economic backdrop we're in right now or just the dilemma of what I'm eating for dinner, that is -- that work will continue into next year. And again, you pair that with Chunky, some great innovation there, the runway for Pacific. As I said, I do think you might see us, Peter, dial up a little bit of some of our flankers. One of the things that's interesting more broadly in Meals & Beverages, some of the businesses that are not insignificant, but perhaps we don't talk as much about, like SpaghettiOs or Swanson Chicken or Home Style ready-to-serve, these are all really well positioned. In fact, in the third quarter, all three of the businesses I just named were up 10% and growing share. And so, we've got quite a few tools in the bag, if you will, that can complement our core businesses. The goal in mind here is not to chase price down, right? That's not what we need to do. I think the good news for us is these four years have given us an opportunity to really strengthen the brand and equity. And so, our goal here is going to be a balanced attack, right? We've got to get pricing right and promotion right, but we also want to really drive it on the basis of differentiation. And I -- as I said, I think, although we can always point to, well, why was -- it's been four years, but there's always a reason why it's better or good. At the end of the day, our soup category growing at the rate that it's grown consistently over the four years gives us a lot of conviction and confidence in the future.
Mark Clouse: And remember, too, Peter, you had what, about 50 bps there that was the insurance that we were cycling that shows up in that bucket as well.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think a little bit of -- so if you look at marketing and selling overall, we were -- it was a little bit of a relatively very small number in the reduction. What I would say is most of our investment -- and we're trying to get this balance right between what we would call traditional A&C and then in-market marketing and support. One of the things that we did, and that difference, by the way, was primarily in our Meals & Beverage business. And one of the tactics that is working extremely well for us right now, it's going to sound a little bit like a throwback to days gone by, but the whole meal solution platform in store is a really effective tool where we're helping people through the lens of value, how do you put together a simple meal for a low price. I think what we're seeing with consumers is this ever-growing desire to really stretch their dollar as you would expect. And so, trying to gear our marketing, especially on categories like soup or Prego, where we could -- even Pace for that matter, which had a really good quarter, up double digits and upward share. These are very effective in that context. So, it's a little bit of the mix of the spending that might make the A&C a little bit more stable. I do think as we go into Q4, you're going to see us continuing to invest. Remember, we've talked about this before that the goal in mind for marketing and selling is to get to kind of that 9% to 10% range for the company. In this quarter, we were at about 8.7%, so just under 9%. If you go back to the first quarter, we were just under 8%. So, we have been creeping that up. I think in Q4, we're going to try to do better. I'd like to see us getting pretty close to 10% in Q4, really with the thought in mind of fueling the momentum on Snacks and continuing to provide that good underpinning value equity message on our Meals & Beverage business. And so, although it shows a little bit on A&C down, it really wasn't a big number. And where we did focus a little bit more than where we would have been a year ago was more in store.
Mark Clouse: So, I think that we still see sauce as a great kind of second punch, if you will, in the Meals & Beverage business, right? When you think about what the consumer dynamic is right now and where the muscle really is in center of store of the grocery, we feel this area around cooking and quick meals is really the sweet spot that we want to be in, where we think there's truly momentum, high consumer relevance and an opportunity to win. I love the brands we have. And I think that between Prego and Pace, we've got a great mainstream foundation that gives us a lot of runway. But it is fair to say that there's also a lot of growth that's happening in the more premium segments of some of these spaces. And so, I think in some combination of the brands that we already have in the portfolio while continuing to think about M&A, our balance sheet is in a great position. I mean nothing on the swing for the fence there, I'd say, a more tuck-in and strategically aligned M&A makes sense for us in our endeavor to continue to drive. So, I think our vision has not changed at all, and I feel like we're in a great spot. I mean, remember, we've got brands like Pacific and brands like Late July even on our Snacks business that we think also could play a contributing role. So, I think it's very consistent to what we said in Investor Day. We really see that sauces area is a great complement to a rejuvenated and sustainable soup business.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I would say for the Snacks margin, it was great to see this quarter. And it continues to kind of support what I would describe as the overall thesis of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition, where we imagined a world where we could take some really, really unique and differentiated brands, infuse our marketing and innovation muscle from Pepperidge Farm and drive those results. And in fact, if you look at those Snyder's-Lance brands from kind of four years ago pre-COVID to now Kettle and Cape are up 4 share points, [indiscernible] is up 3. Snack Factory, right, which is in the deli, our Pretzel Crisps business is up 5. Goldfish even on the Pepperidge side, up 1. And Lance sandwich crackers are up 6 points of share. So, an evidence of the thesis of what we can do with these brands, I really feel like we're demonstrating now exactly what that proposition was. I think, in fairness, what we've been waiting to see a little bit is the translation of all of the synergy that we've driven from the acquisition and the benefit of scale for Snyder's-Lance as the ability to step up our margins. And so, I think when you look at us year-to-date, where we're up about 150 basis points, that's probably a better indicator of how we're expecting the year to finish. And if you think about us being a little bit stuck at 13%, the last couple of years, although I'll just point out that, that was also in a period where there was a lot of external pressure at the same time. But to see us up over 14% on track for that for this year, I think is a great step forward. And again, I think as we look forward, we see that trajectory continuing and feel like in many ways, we're going to hit a run here where we're really able to live into that vision that we talked about at Investor Day and at the point of acquisition. So, I think a lot to believe in right now in Snacks and feeling quite good about the evidence, if you will, that we're putting on the board relative to what we believe was possible.
Mark Clouse: Yes. It's a great question. In fairness, and I think we've been pretty open about this. If I turn back the clock two years, I would argue that probably our supply chain was probably average, if I was kind of being a bit optimistic in that view. I think the good news about that starting point was it did not give us the luxury of waiting through COVID in this kind of volatile environment to really attack the supply chain and making improvements. And so, we did that, had to do that really during that period. And I think what we found is that now, several years later, where it may have been a challenge or even a liability, it's now really emerged as a strength. Our service levels are operating at pre-COVID levels. And that is pretty unique in this environment right now and puts us really in a best-in-class position. And as you know all too well that when that supply chain is running efficiently, there's also additional opportunity as you think about driving productivity going forward. So, as we imagine the world in the future, we really do see supply chain as an opportunity to be a contributor and a proof point to why we think we can keep the momentum going. I would also just say that as you think about that in the world of Snacks in particular, I do see us as one of the unique businesses that has a truly credible self-help story on margin where we still have opportunity, I think, to create organically opportunity and outsized growth on the margin and earnings side to help fuel that momentum as we come out of this period and into the next chapter. Perhaps one of the reasons, to Andrew's first question today, why I feel very good about our ability to navigate through this environment. And why I think in many ways, albeit a lot to work through in the quarter, that the underlying elements that are in our business right now give us great conviction and confidence that we feel that we're advantaged and positioned well going into this next chapter.
Mark Clouse: So, I think first on the overall consumer perspective, I think the consumer has continued and proven to be. I think the word of the day is probably resilient. But I do find that as time goes on, there is no question that consumers are beginning to feel that pressure. Whether it's through the lens of what categories they're buying, what we're seeing relative to share of the grocery store and migration to things like shelf stable away from more expensive perimeter items. When they're buying, we've seen a migration to a greater amount of purchase at the beginning of the month, as you can imagine, people trying to stretch paychecks as long as they can. But I also think that, that in itself creates really the opportunity to both, as I said, focus on value within our messaging without necessarily having to chase pricing all the way down. No question that it's important that we protect affordability and that we make that relevant in the categories that we're in. But I also think there's a lot of ways to frame value in different ways, right? We gave the example earlier of the comparison of a meal cooked with condensed soup versus something that you may be buying in the frozen section or something that you're ordering from away from home, or even within our portfolio, focusing on different brands that may not always be the primary focus, but that can be highly relevant in the moment we're in as it relates to value. And then, I think a lot of what will determine success of the operating environment or customer relationships, a lot of this is going to be about who's bringing real solutions to customers that are helping address what the consumers need. And so, how we execute our marketing plans, how we're bringing innovation, how we're thinking about the timing and sequence of our promotions, all of those things will, I think, play very much into the environment we're in. And that's why also, I think, feeling like that the supply chain being in a strong position is going to be very, very important as I do think we're heading into a period where those that are able to execute well and outperform, if you will, competition, whether that be private label or other competitors, is going to be a real hallmark of those that are winning in the market that we're in.
