Kenneth Gosnell: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2016. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentations. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who'll participate in a listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. As we said in this morning's news release, in fiscal 2016, the company incurred mark-to-market losses associated with interim remeasurement of certain U.S. pension plans. The impact on EPS was $0.26 per share. The company also incurred restructuring charges, implementation cost and other related costs associated with the new organizational structure and cost savings initiatives. The impact on EPS was $0.07 per share. Our comparisons of fiscal 2016 with fiscal 2015 will exclude these items for comparability. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Kenneth Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we own limited time, out of fairness to others - to other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Stephanie.
Kenneth Gosnell: All right, thank you, Stephanie. From all of us at Campbell, Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. Thanks for joining our call. A full replay will be available about two hours after our call concludes, by going online or calling 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1665411. You have until December 8 at midnight, at which point all of our earnings calls will be strictly on the website, under News & Events. If you have any further questions, please call me, Ken Gosnell, at 856-342-6081. if you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. This concludes today's program. Thank you.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think the one thing to point out within Campbell Fresh is you need to parse apart the components of that business. So, half the business is the CPG side, which is the beverages and salad dressing, the other half is the Farms business, which includes the carrot business and the ingredient export business. The margin structure within Campbell Fresh is very diverse. So the CPG businesses carry a much higher margin than the carrots and natural ingredients business. And in fact, that's where all the growth is. So even within the quarter, we see gross margin expansion within Campbell Fresh because of the higher growth on the higher margin beverages and salad dressings. So just think about the algorithm, you need to think about not just the Campbell Fresh margin but the faster growing CPG margin within that. The other thing that happens to Campbell Fresh because of the Bolthouse acquisition, it carries a pretty high load of depreciation and amortization. The EBITDA margin is about twp. times the operating margin you see on the chart. So that's another thing to keep in mind. But we think the algorithm works.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah, I guess there's a couple of comments, and I'm sure you guys will do the math. But following a 260 basis point improvement in the first quarter, driven by primarily net price realization and our productivity gains, getting to a full point on the year would imply, for the last three quarters, about 40 basis points of expansion. And there's a couple of points I would make. I said in my comments that cost inflation was 1% in the quarter. We expect that to be closer to 2% by the time we finish the year. And that includes this negative currency impact on the input cost of some of our international businesses, primarily the Canadian business and the Australian business. So that headwind is out there. You made a comment about some of the marketing timing, the favorability in the first quarter, that'll come back in the last three quarters. The second quarter comp is not too difficult, but it will start to lap some of the gross margin gains we had last year in the back half. So, all those things taken together would dampen that growth in the year-to-go period.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So, to the first part of the question. We always build retail inventories in the first quarter. So we always come into the quarter relatively low. We're getting into the season and we always build. The question then becomes, did you build more than you did the year-ago period? The answer to that, in aggregate, is no. The retailer inventories on a case basis, we came into the quarter and ended the quarter about the same. And then if you look underneath that by subcategory, I would say that condensed and RTS got a little bit of benefit, and broth saw a little bit of a negative in terms of impact of shifts within the portfolio. But I think where we ended the quarter is kind of a normal place for us relative to the seasonal build we typically see in the business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah. By the time we cycled the full year and we get to the end of the fourth quarter, it's typically our low point in the cycle. So all of this stuff that happens as we build into the season, come out of the season, generally works its way out by the time we get to the end of the fourth quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro: The premise of the question I would disagree with a little bit. I mean the price realization on soup is relatively unique to soup. We haven't done a lot of price realization on V8, cookies or SpaghettiOs. SpaghettiOs sales are relatively flat in the quarter. V8's down, it's primarily a V8 V-Fusion issue, and as Denise mentioned, Chunk cookies are a particular issue within the Pepperidge Farm portfolio that we're addressing, but we haven't made a strategic decision in those businesses to go for price realization and better EBIT in exchange for market share.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yeah. So, as I mentioned, we did term out some of the debt portfolio in the recent past, taking advantage of relatively low fixed rates. We have a sizable backstop credit facility against a commercial paper program, and we're fairly comparable with the level of CP we have in the marketplace today. I mean, clearly, with what's happening in the credit markets, we continue to look at that and evaluate alternatives, whether to term out some of that CP, or whether to use the derivative market to convert some of the that floating exposure to fixed, but that's kind of an ongoing thing that we continue to assess here.
Denise Morrison: Yeah. I mean we still believe that ACT at about 24% of sales is a competitive rate. This quarter we actually spent ACT at 23% of sales. There's a number of things going on there. First of all, in the U.S. soup business, we shifted our advertising back to later in the year and started the new campaign in October versus prior years. So you're seeing the results of that. In addition, we're shifting our spend overall to about 40% of our spend in digital, and that is creating a different dynamic between working and non-working media. And with our cost savings efforts, we're trying to be as responsible and efficient as possible in the area of non-working media. And when you shift to digital, you're spending a lot of time and expense on content, but TV is just a different dynamic. And then within trade, we have been increasing trade on a couple businesses, in Biscuits and Campbell Fresh, and we actually took pricing in our soup business. So, we'll be working our merchandising and promotion programs with more acceleration in the second quarter and the third quarter.
Denise Morrison: Okay. I'll take that one. First of all, the soup business declined 2% after wrapping 6% increases in the year-ago comps. And what we believe drove that - and that was as expected, by the way - was the pricing increases that we took, which predominantly affected the RTS business; the fact that promotions have been shifted to later in the year; and the fact that advertising started later in October. The consumption was down in line with our expectations. I would say to you that RTS is a bit worse, condensed a bit better and broth was pretty flat. But the category was down 4%. Although I'm not a weather person, I do think that that was a factor, but I believe that all these other dynamics going on were equal factors to that one. And then, of course, our Fresh-Brewed Soup is not captured in our consumption, that's in dry soup. Inventories were comparable. We saw a little bit of a difference in broth because we carried some extra inventory into the year as we transitioned to a new screw cap on the aseptic broth. We still expect soup to grow modestly, and that is basically how we're looking at it.
Denise Morrison: I believe that we have an opportunity as a company to get a better return on our trade dollars invested. And I'd like to think of it that way. We, as part of our restructure within our Integrated Global Services, are building our revenue management capabilities, not only in the Americas business, but across all three. And we have different dynamics - competitive dynamics that we're dealing with. I think the second goal is we are getting better net price realization. That has come from not only list price increases, but also working with promoted pricing. These are still early days and we want to make sure that the consumer responds to them well, they've been accepted by customers. And we're trying to find win-win solutions for ourselves and our customers with our trade programs. So, that's basically where we are right now, and we will definitely keep a close eye on it.
Denise Morrison: I mean, we've been on a mission to generate better profitable sales growth and also, at the same time, unlock the potential of our purpose and set a new standard for transparency in the industry, which we believe will help us in achieving that trajectory of profitable net sales growth. That hasn't really changed, but it has been refined in the fact that we now have assigned the portfolio roles to the divisions, and we believe that in composite, it better diversifies our portfolio to gain that. I think we've guided with our long-term targets as to what we believe we can achieve in the next several years, and we're still working our way into those. We believe that organic growth will be an important part of this. But also, we continue to look and be very disciplined about making strategic acquisitions.
Denise Morrison: No, I think our strategy's been pretty consistent. I mean we're establishing a real beachhead in fresh food, bringing Campbell's suite of capabilities to that faster growing part of the food business. We are being really transparent about our products with our new website, whatsinmyfood.com. We are talking to consumers about what's in our food, and the ingredients we use, and how it's made. And these are just steps that really distinguish us and are very true to activating our purpose with the consumer. And from all our research, whether it be with millennials or even baby boomers now, consumers are going to purchase the products from companies that align with their values. And we believe we have a very strong statement out there.
Denise Morrison: Just another build on what Anthony said, our sales on broth in the quarter were down 9% and we were cycling comps of plus 17% a year ago. And our consumption in the quarter was flat. So that also was a factor to evaluate the performance.
Denise Morrison: Let me tackle beverages first. The category continues to remain challenged, although we have seen some signs of improvement. Our consumption and share were down slightly in quarter one. We have a couple puts and a couple takes. V8 Splash and V8 + Energy continue to perform well and we're very encouraged by our V8 Veggie Blends launch. And we've had a bit of decline on our V8 red juice, and I think that's due to consumers trying some different types of vegetable juice now in the Veggie Blend line. And our V8 V-Fusion business continues to be a challenge. And we've had a couple quarters of good growth in immediate consumption and we had some trade timing issues in the quarter, so that was down about 1%, but our equivalent volume in that channel was up 8%. So we continue to be encouraged about the new network we've set up there. We know that's an opportunity for us. And finally, we launched our Veggies For All campaign and we really like what that's doing for the brand in terms of the equity. So we're still very committed to the V8 program. We think it's a timely, on-trend brand for the health conscious consumer that offers a lower calorie option and less sugar option in this world of juice. Cookies, we saw - no pun intended - we saw a softness on our cookies, predominantly in the classic line. However, we did have a really, really good quarter on Goldfish crackers, up 10%. So, we still have some more work to do on cookies. And SpaghettiOs...
Denise Morrison: Yeah. We definitely have been very focused on keeping our Goldfish programming strong. I think that that business is hitting on all cylinders with good advertising, a good promotional program, and the right proposition for millennial parents and their children. So, we continue to be pretty excited about our Goldfish business. And I think that mothers still feel like that is a very positive snacking for their children. I think we have more work to do on cookies, and we're working on that as we speak. We do have new leadership right now in the Pepperidge Farm business, and that team is really coming together and focusing on the next wave of innovation of ideas. And I'm not sure there's anything more to add to that.
