B. Craig Owens: Yes. In the Global Baking and Snacking segment, we have continued to cycle. If you'll recall, last year, we had a very difficult year in Australia. We essentially reset trade spending levels in that market. And through the first 3 quarters of this year, we have been cycling against that reduction and then against lower gross margins. The Pepperidge business has performed at a stronger rate than that through the first 3 quarters, and we are -- I guess we're probably about flat in gross margin at Pepperidge through the first 3 quarters of the year.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So we should finish cycling the Australian trade adjustment in the fourth quarter. We should -- yes, in the fourth quarter. And if you look at the inflation forecast, this year, of course, has been a tough one on flours and grains, particularly in the early part of the year. I think as we look forward, we would expect, although it's a little early to tell in terms of timing of crops and whatnot, we would expect a more normal inflation rate in those businesses next year.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So gross margin on Soup and Simple Meals did show a positive impact of the leverage that you'd be looking for. We don't disclose precisely, but it was up over 150 basis points in the quarter. And you're right, the things that were depressing the gross margin x Bolthouse would've been NAFs and U.S. Beverage, both of which had pretty significant declines in both -- in gross margin, largely related to increased promotional spend.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So measured consumption was about 10%, sales were about 14%. That implies -- and the tracking data that we have where we help manage inventory, would say that retailer inventories were up a bit. I think the good news is that most of that inventory was and is on the floor and we would expect to be moving. It's always a little difficult to forecast. You asked if it was a timing issue, difficult to forecast the fourth quarter. It's such a small quarter. And inventories are certainly going to drop in the fourth quarter, and the question is how much they drop relative to what they dropped last year. But you'd probably expect some of that to come back in the fourth quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think the really strong sales in the quarter have sort of a natural inflationary impact on inventories. I mean, sales were terrific. They were beyond our own expectations. I think they were probably beyond the retailer expectations. And so as you went through the quarter, I think you saw higher order rates and maybe some of that will stick, Eric. But retailers have got -- I think the primary reason you've seen inventories drop is that retailers have gotten better and better at managing inventory, and we've gotten -- we continue to have really high service levels and are reliable and so they feel like they can operate on thinner inventories.
B. Craig Owens: But David, I wouldn't expect to see further significant cuts in advertising as we move forward. As Denise said, I don't think we'll restore the spending because it looks like what we're doing is working. And of course, we'll continue to look for where there's ineffective spending to cut that out. But I think if you think about it in terms of total level, probably not big reductions left.
B. Craig Owens: So I think the question on the international environment for M&A is, as we've said a number of times before, we do believe that we can find opportunities internationally to get us into markets that, for the long term, sustainability of growth for the business would be good for us because they're faster-growing markets than our core markets. I think that we've also said, and it also continues to be true, there are not a huge number of targets out there, and the targets that are out there tend to be pretty hotly contested. We have a pipeline. We started working that pipeline as we -- as Denise came in to the CEO position and we sort of shifted our focus on M&A. We have -- you haven't seen us make an international acquisition yet, and that's largely a result of the fact that we're going to be pretty disciplined as we look at these things. Some of them take time because they're family-owned businesses, and it's a matter of building relationships and waiting for the moment when the family is ready to exit and sell. So we keep working at it, we continue to be disciplined. We think we'll eventually land some good opportunities, but obviously not going to comment on any specific situation.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. I think on the beverage business, Thilo, the -- clearly, we are -- as Denise said in her opening, we're not happy with the declines. Part of it is category. The category shelf-stable juice has been very weak. Clearly, we're doing better with portions of that category. Our premium -- super premium fresh juices out of Bolthouse are doing very, very well. Our Splash entry in less than 100% juice is doing well. But the core of our business and the core of our profitability, the red juice business and the V8 V-Fusion business, have not done well. I guess by definition, stability would be to arrest the decline. But we think that over time, the beverage business can grow.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So it is both hard to predict and to quantify the impact of weather. And frankly, it's not something that we control, so we don't spend a lot of time focused on it. But if you just look at temperature swing, right, you're right, last year was the more unusual year. It was a very warm winter. This year has actually been slightly colder than normal. So the swing is about an 8-degree swing using the numbers that we have, and it has an impact. I mean, it's undeniable that it has a positive impact.
B. Craig Owens: We have not announced any change to the dividend, don't intend to announce any change to the dividend in this call. It's an issue that the board continues to look at. If you think about over the last couple of years, Rob, we were down on earnings last year as we went through an intentional reset. We did not decrease the dividend. We held the dividend, and we've held it as we've sort of grown back to the prior level this year. I think I would look certainly to next year, we would expect to continue a positive trend and we would reconsider the dividend at that time.
B. Craig Owens: Jonathan, I think the question itself sort of points to the difficulty, right? You have to get really granular. In other words, what parts of the country? What population centers? What was the weather change in specific geographies? And when did it occur? And honestly, that kind of dissection of weather is just -- I mean, frankly, we don't do it, right? And it's just not that useful because it's not something that we control. So again, at a high level, you can look at the numbers and you can say it had a positive impact, no question about it. We're going to keep our head down and keep working on the things that we do control. And we absolutely do not believe that weather was the primary driver of the improvement that we've seen. We think it's all the other things that we've been talking about, and you saw good share performance, for example, which is independent of weather and some other things that I think point to the fact that we're making some improvement. So we just -- I don't see the value of going as deeply as you'd have to go. And frankly, I think even once you got there, you wouldn't know much more than we know at the high level.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, there's not -- I mean, yes, there's not much seasonality in the Bolthouse business, I don't think. If you think about their product line, it's -- the impact of weather, I think, is pretty minimal.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So the second one, on Soup pricing, as you remember, we had a list price increase on condensed soup coming into the year. The impact across the total Soup category for us was about 2% in the quarter, that would've been fully offset by increases in promotional spending. So net realized price was about flat.
B. Craig Owens: I think one thing we can say on the Chunky business where we had the most significant number of new varieties, that that's a very impactful part of the growth of Chunky soup. It's harder for us to measure more broadly across the sort of Soup portfolio, but the incrementality of any specific item is on a quarterly basis. But the primary reason we don't break that out the way you're asking for it is because it's really difficult to quantify the cannibalization of a formula change or a new product. I think we'll come back probably at the analyst meeting and talk more broadly about the progress we're making and the contribution that, that is making to sales from our total innovation program.
B. Craig Owens: No, it's absolutely something that we're considering. In fact, one of the things that we have done as we talked about broadening our footprint in emerging markets, we've been very active. Now realistically, they're pretty small, right? If you look at Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico. But we've been very active. You saw us announce a deal for our Soup and Beverage business to really restructure the way we're coming at it in Mexico and broaden our distribution depth very significantly in that market on Beverages. Likewise, we have been investing pretty heavily in our Indonesian business and been seeing a really robust growth rate in that business because of that investment. We're also looking at export models and the possibility and ability to move some of that product. We already have some export out of the Indonesian business but looking at whether we can expand that in Southeast Asia. So all of those things are on the table. I don't want to overstate them in terms of their size because they're still pretty small. But we're looking at all of those avenues.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. If I came across as cautious, that's really not the right tone I was trying to set. I'm actually very optimistic about the platforms of the pouched Go soups and also the dinner sauce segment. What I was sharing with you were some of the lessons learned from this year's season. Because one of the things that we do in running an innovation agenda is we track what went right and what didn't and what can we learn from it and then how do we reapply so we get better in the next round. And so we've got very, very, very high hopes for these platforms, and we believe they'll continue to build over time. The thing that I really watch is the repeat rate because right now, the challenge we have is just to build trial because the repeat is really strong. So those that do try it buy it. And what we also are seeing is that it is attracting affluent consumers and more Millennials, which was what the objective was. And that's been highly incremental to the franchise.
Denise M. Morrison: I would largely agree with your assessment. I think that you can expect that advertising in fiscal '14 will not be higher as a percent of sales on the base business, but we will continue to be advertising at competitive levels, and I'm talking about the Soup and Simple Meals business here. And we will be funding and advertising our new product innovation. We have and continue to eliminate unproductive spending. And I also believe that we have made incredible strides in terms of the effectiveness of our advertising. And the example is Chunky soup where we did return to the NFL-themed advertising, and that resonated very well with consumers. But I think advertising has to be viewed as only a part of the marketing mix. I mean, we've made quality improvements. We've had new varieties that have added some news to the base and excitement, and we've also had much more effective promotion on the brands. So I think all in all, advertising is finding its way in the marketing mix.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. To build on that, in addition to M&A, we are also pursuing partnerships where they make sense. So for example, our partnerships in Mexico with Jumex and La Costeña to do a distribution and manufacturing agreement for the Beverage business and the Soup and Simple Meal business is pretty exciting for us. So we'll continue to look for those opportunities as well.
Denise M. Morrison: I'm not really giving guidance on the Soup business going forward at this point in terms of a number. But suffice it to say that we believe that we've focused on fixing the fundamentals on better execution, on a better optimization of the drivers of demand and a better understanding of the portfolio rules for these brands. And we believe that -- we can say we've stabilized and now we're going to profitably grow as we go forward.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, first of all, we do know that it is more difficult to create new market segments. And what happened in the execution of Skillet Sauces is it was shelved in multiple store locations, and what that did was it impacted the reset timings to cut the product end. So as a result, we had a slower ACV build in some retailers than originally planned. The other thing is because it was shelved in multiple locations, it was more difficult for the consumer to find it and more difficult for us to say where it was in our marketing, couple that with the fact that marketing started in quarter 2. But since we started the marketing, we have seen a pickup in the sales, so that's encouraging. So we feel that we'll be working with retailers in 2014 on building out a dinner sauce segment in the store, and we'll talk more about how we're going to do this at Analyst Day. There have been some others that have come into the category. We believe that will add some scale to the segment, and we believe that our execution within that segment with Skillet Sauces and the new Slow Cooker will continue to give us the innovation to maintain the competitive advantage.
Denise M. Morrison: It was a combination of all of the above. I think that the sustaining innovation that we had on the Chunky soup was very impactful. It added new varieties and new news to the base, and these have been incredibly strong. And you couple that with the NFL-themed advertising. And like I said in my upfront, I believe that, that really resonated with consumers. And I don't think it's any one thing. When we talk about optimizing the drivers of demand, that can look a little bit different by brand, depending upon where that brand is. So we're going to continue on that program.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. But we talk about innovation in 2 ways, we talk about sustaining innovation, which is news to the base. It's typically new varieties or line extensions. When we talk about breakthrough innovation, it's more disruptive, it's harder and it's designed to capture new consumer segments, new occasions or new usages. And so we do both and we talk about both. But in the innovation that I just talked about with -- it was really focused on Go soup and Skillet Sauces, which were more in the camp of breakthrough innovation.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And in total, we're measuring innovation as a percent of sales on a rolling 3, so we'll be able to share some of that by category with you at Analyst Day.
