Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. To conclude, although we fully recognize the volatile nature of the environment we remain in, we continue to deploy more of our time and resources to future plans, growth and supporting the full potential of our business. As we outlined at our recent Investor Day, we believe we have an advantaged portfolio and position going forward, and we are excited that in the second half of this fiscal year will begin to transition from defense to offense after this unprecedented period. And I could not be more confident in our team, brands and Campbell's value creation potential. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So the short answer is, Andrew, we actually see the back half where the opportunity really resides to be more in the gross margin space. And there's a couple of reasons why. First, I'll just say from a Q2 standpoint, although a little more pressure on the top line as we went through Omicron in January and saw labor even tougher than what we had expected. From a margin standpoint and profitability standpoint, we were generally in line with what our expectation was. And so as we look into the back half of the year, certainly, we're not expecting inflation to subside. But what we do believe is that with the combination of the full impact of the -- of the second wave of pricing, along with the fact that we're going to be lapping pretty significant declines from a year ago. In fact, they're in the 300 to 400 basis point range as a comparison. And then the recovery that we expect on the supply side, which drives a host of efficiencies, as well as our underlying productivity and cost savings initiatives, we feel like we're in a much better position with many of the variables pointed in the right direction, even though you'll still have inflation is a significant variable. And so underpinning those assumptions is a fairly consistent level of costs as it relates to SG&A in total and our marketing and selling in particular, where we have been a bit below or under a year ago over these last couple of quarters, we expect it to be more in line and more consistent with where ultimately we would want to get. I still think probably a bit of management of that through the third quarter and into the balance of the year. But generally, is a good rule of thumb. We want to be around 10% of net sales. We've been hovering around closer to 8% to 9%. I think you'll see us closer to 9% to 10% as we go through the back half of the year. So our ability to invest behind the recovery of supply, given the room that we -- that we believe will have relative to the pricing as well as the comps gives us a lot of confidence, and the ability to drive a positive back half and stay generally on track with where we're -- where we expected to be at the turn here and this moment that we expected to be in where we begin to transition from lapping a lot tougher comparables, a lot higher starting points to a period where we can return to positive momentum, which is really something that we're excited to get to. But also I think a good way to kind of build momentum is we exit the year.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I mean, it's -- so a couple of things that we're watching through and then I'll tell you what we've kind of planned for the balance of the year. But as you point out, early on and certainly through the first wave of pricing, we've not seen a lot in the way of elasticity. Although, I will say that as we have navigated some of these supply challenges, it's a little bit harder to gauge as we've been essentially shipping to what we've been making regardless. So I do think we want to continue to watch that very closely. But as we plan the balance of the year, what we've assumed is that elasticities do go up and that there is some incremental impact from what we would have seen in our first wave of pricing, in our second wave of pricing, although historical levels, we think we'll still be below, given the breadth of inflation that is being experienced across the industry. So, we're not taking necessarily the full level of elasticity, but we are assuming a step-up from what we've experienced. And I think, again, as I've said from the get-go on this, our goal here is obviously to manage appropriately the cost, but also to make sure that we're keeping price gaps and that as we return to full supply and support that we've got the right balancing act as it relates to shares and protecting our equities and our brands as we realize that we've spent a couple of solid years building that. The last thing we want to do is undermine that with unreasonable pricing. And so I think everything that we're doing up to this point generally is consistent and aligned with the marketplace, and we would expect that to elasticity as the year unfolds. And if we're wrong, and it's better than that, then I think that will just create opportunity for us as we go through the balance of the year. But I think a prudent position and one that generally is informed by just kind of, I'd say, at this point, where we are on absolute pricing, which is not insignificant on some of our categories.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think the good news is I don't think we'll be waiting fully to fourth quarter to see some of that replenishment. As we pointed out, we were a little lighter in Q2 on topline than we expected. I actually think that we'll see some more recovery of that earlier on in the third quarter. And then really, I do think, though, the fourth quarter is a period where we would expect to be more fully back in business, if you broader range of the full portfolio. I think you'll see TDP levels coming back in the normal ranges. I think you'll see our support both from a marketing and trade standpoint, kind of at a sustainable ongoing level. That's the game plan. And so I think we'll probably be ahead, notwithstanding what exactly demand will look like in Q3. But I think relative to what we expect, probably a bit ahead in Q3 and probably a bit more in Q4.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think as now kind of navigated this up and down period, where okay we're kind of into a new normal and then a surge comes back in January and this kind of up and down. As we project out, I think we've got a fairly good base of time now where we can see periods where there were less constraints and what does that mean relative to periods that are more COVID driven or influenced in. So I think our assumptions as we think about the back half of the year, and remember, the added factor of our ability to more fully supply, because our issues, if you will, relative to being able to fully meet demand were present in the back half of last year, especially on certain brands like Late July or a few of the other areas where we've struggled a bit more on labor and had real challenges, kind of, getting to that full capacity that we need. So the combination of those elements together, along with returning support level, we think we're going to hold very well on demand. And even if there is a return to this more balance between away-from-home and in-home, we think the combination of what we're doing, as well as what we expect that baseline to remain at, which although may come down a bit from what we would have experienced in January, we think not necessarily inconsistent with what we might have seen in the summer of last year and some other periods that looked a little bit more consistent to what we expect the back half to be. So I think you're going to have a little bit of normalization there, offset by improved supply and support. And that, I think, in general, is what's leading us to see a better overall top line. And remember too, not unlike the margin conversation, the first half of this year, we were still lapping significant elevated levels when we get to the -- from COVID the original, kind of, COVID period. When you get to the second half of this year, we begin to lap the declines or the reduction that already occurred in the back half of last year. So your comps on both margin and on top line are much better as we're in the back half of the year.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So it's a -- so let me answer the question in a little bit of a different way to start it, and then I'll specifically get into it. I think what's really important and what I would imagine that a lot of investors are going to be interested in seeing is what the recovery model looks like as we come back into full supply. And what I like about our Goldfish and our Kettle and Cape Cod on our Snacks business, as well as our Chunky business on our Meals & Beverage, those are all great examples of where we have invested in capacity. We're back fully into supply. And with that came the full level of support. We protected marketing on those businesses, we added innovation, whether it was Mega Bites on Goldfish or Family Size on Goldfish, which was some of the new price pack architecture that we were creating, whether it was some of the new pack sizes on Kettle and Cape Cod, or it was flavor innovation on spicy for Chunky with a full very, very robust marketing campaign. All three of those businesses are great examples of what we expect to see as we come back fully on other brands along the way. And I think that with that comes the opportunity to unlock innovation. And so as we think about the balance of the year, our innovation levels on our snacking business are going to be up significantly from a year ago and where it would have been, talk about it in terms of kind of three-year rolling contribution as a percent of revenue. So last year, we would have been in the 1% to 2% range. This year, we'll add about a full point of contribution from innovation in snacking; Meals & Beverage on a similar level with the combination of what we're doing on our Chunky business, but also some of the innovation that we have on the restage and relaunch of Well Yes!, which is another component of soup that's going very well. And I would encourage you to look at when you look at shares within soup, look at some of those core brands on how well they're doing because I think it is a little bit of us selecting where we're placing the bets right now as we navigate some of these supply challenges. But at the end of the day, I think the idea is that we should see momentum building on innovation. We've got a great start on the brands that are already back in the profile that we want, and we would expect the others to follow as we go through the balance of this year and then into 2023, of course, where we expect to be back kind of fully loaded across the portfolio.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, it's a great question and one that is an area where we're spending a great deal of time right now, which is recognizing kind of covered, uncovered positions as we go into next year. It's a little early to start to talk about 2023 as far as how we see inflation and the puts and takes. Remember, you also have full kind of impact of the rollover of the pricing that we're taking now, as well as some of the added benefits, I think, of a supply chain that's operating in a far more consistent and kind of fully loaded way, which will be very beneficial to us. But I think you're right, and I think that indicates also to us that we are absolutely not ruling out any additional pricing that may need to happen. And I think in the spirit of what we've kind of learned to date, we're looking at that right now, and understanding where and what and the surgical nature of how to digest a little bit of what we're seeing right now. Again, I would just caution there's a lot of volatility in certain commodities as it relates to Ukraine and Russia. I think we need a little bit more stability of time to know what the underlying availability investment pricing looks like. But there's no doubt there's going to be pressure that's associated with that. And so I absolutely would not rule that out. I think, again, as you make each step in pricing, I think the need to be even more strategic, more surgical in nature, really tying it directly to where commodity pressure could reside, I think is areas we're going to continue to explore. And that may mean that even in this -- or in this fiscal year that we've got to look at more pricing in a way to position kind of the back end of this year as well as into next year.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So the overwhelming dominant improvement is in labor. If you remember back in the first quarter, we had anticipated a trajectory of recovery that was really through the second quarter into the back half and what occurred in December and January with Omicron just kind of delayed it. I think what's good news about what we've experienced is that, although that kind of came fast and furiously into the quarter, it also subsided a lot faster than we'd seen prior iterations of pressure. And so it allowed us to get back on track. And as I said a couple of times throughout the quarter, the fact that we had hired as many new folks as we had allowed us, I think, to weather the storm a little bit better and get us in a position in the back half. But just to put it in context, we were running -- if you combine absenteeism and vacancy rates, we were running low double-digit percent of GAAP relative to that. And if you look at where we are now, historically, we tend to be around 3% to 4%, and we're at about 4% right now. And so that has been the single biggest movement, if you will, in improving our production levels relative to meeting demand and meeting expectations. So that's first and foremost. I think the other thing is that, we are really working hard on continuing to add capacity. One of the things that's really interesting is if you look at the last 24 months, and I would say this has been a little slower than I would have liked. But if you look at the last 24 months, we've added almost 8% of capacity to our network. And in particular, you see that manifesting on brands like Goldfish, like our Kettle potato chip business, where you're seeing the benefit of that added capacity. So those two areas, right, and we have that coming as it relates to tortilla chips as it relates to cookies. These are areas that we're also experiencing sandwich crackers on Lance, which has another been a challenging area. So I think the combination of those two things together are what's really giving us the better confidence. And again, throughout this process, our overall execution has actually been very good relative to what we might have experienced a year ago or in prior levels. And I only expect that, get better as we continue to focus on that as a really core capability. We continue to add resources. This is a specific area of expertise for Dan Poland, who I mentioned earlier is joining the company, very, very good at driving standardization and operational excellence across the network. In particular, in our Snyder's-Lance facilities, that is a network that really we see the biggest opportunity in elevating that level of consistency and performance. And so, with that set of tools, along with kind of the structural improvement of labor and capacity, it's why we feel as good as we do about that recovery. So, hopefully, that helps give you a little bit of color, but it's a great question and one that we think is really paramount to the believability of the second half recovery and why we see it as a more likely outcome that it might look like on paper.
Mark Clouse: Yes. No, I -- yes, I -- we're low, is what I would say. I mean, obviously, it depends a little bit on the category that you're speaking to, but I would tell you, versus our historical position, in particular, given the pressure that we experienced in January. And again, I will say that we are already seeing some recovery in that as we go forward. But the reality is, I think on many of our businesses, and you see it again like, I think, a great proxy for people to watch the development of our supply and availabilities is through TDPs, which almost to the item, if you will, or to the brand winds up with the share challenges and the percent loss in distribution. And conversely, where you see that beginning to recover is where you see the return to kind of more normal levels of share growth and performance. And so, I think, as you see that recover, come back into full inventory, the combination of those things together are going to be a nice tailwind for us to give you a little bit greater confidence that we're going to be in that positive territory. And I think, as I said before, I think it will take us likely through till Q4 until you're kind of more fully loaded, if you will, across the board. But I do think you're going to see recovery in Q3 and likely opportunity to shift perhaps ahead of consumption even as early as parts of Q3.
