Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the first quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, our Chief Financial Officer; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. We will start with a few housekeeping items. Then, Denise, will offer her perspective on the quarter and progress with our F'15 objectives. Anthony will discuss our financial results for the quarter before elaborating on our expectations for fiscal 2015. After that, we will take your questions. As usual, we have created slides that accompany our presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Our call is open to the media who are participating in listen-only mode. You probably noticed this morning that we reformatted our earnings release in an effort to enhance readability. We made the changes based on feedback from you, our investors and analysts. We hope you will agree that the new earnings format as well as the enhancements we made to our earnings call will make it easier for you to understand the business and to find the key points. Thanks for those of you who offered input and let us know if you have feedback on our changes. Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risks. Please refer to Slide 4, to our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. While in the current quarter, we had no new items affecting comparability, our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with fiscal 2014, will exclude previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures we provided in our appendix, a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness to other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Alexia, and thanks all of our callers for those questions, Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Campbell. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings call. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes. Go online to get it or call 703-925-2533. The access code is 1647199. You have until December 9th, the night at which we will move our earnings call strictly to the website investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News & Events. Then click on Recent Webcasts & Presentations. Our next earnings call is February 25th, the week following the Consumer Analyst Group of New York event and our CAGNY presentation and luncheon is confirmed for Wednesday, the 18th of February. If you have further questions, call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are reporter who has questions, please call, Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737.  We now conclude today's program. You may now disconnect.
Denise Morrison: Thank you, Alexia. You know, we have seen over the past several years a expansion and build-out of the perimeter of stores. Within the produce section however, the additional space that we are getting for the Bolthouse Kids launch is largely a reconfiguration of existing space, so pulling from other things in produce and carving out a section for Bolthouse Kids and that has been largely the way the premium beverage and the salad dressing sections have been expanded as well. I think it is more yes perimeter space continues to expand and then within and the produce section there has been a larger dedication of space CPG items.
Denise Morrison: Okay. First of all, we have had for the past several years a very good run with our base sauce businesses, particularly in the Prego line. Recall, part of our innovation plan was the successful launch of Prego white sauces, which has done incredibly well. We have increased our advertising against the brand. We are also advertising to Hispanics, which has been very productive for, so we are very pleased with the innovation and the brand building that has gone on in our base sauce business and pace also a very good quarter,  One of the things that is also impacting our sauce business is the building of the dinner sauce platform. Although it started small with one initiative in Skillet, as we built from Skillet to Slow Cooker and now introduced Oven, as we have gained an additional section in the store to house these sauces and create a consumer destination, we really believe that that has added seriously to our sauce performance. Of course, this is a very good margin business for us as well.
Denise Morrison: Yes. There was a very good reason for that. Our ready to serve business was relatively flat and that comes mostly from promotional timing moved to the second quarter out of the first quarter relative to last year.
Denise Morrison: We do expect our total marketing to be in the range of 24% to 25% of total lift sales. Within that the mix will be different by category and we do recognize as we are very diligent about going back and looking at the productivity of our trade spending and we recognize that some of the spending last year, particularly in Pepperidge Farm and soup did not achieve the anticipated lifts. Predominantly, it came from increasing the frequency of promotion, so we do expect our overall trade rate trends to improve in the second half as we have course corrected in this area.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We actually had a stronger sell-in against back-to-school, and as predicted had our holiday shipments, some of our holiday shipments shipped in October, and in the soup business at least about 75% of our consumption actually occurs in the second and the third quarters.
Denise Morrison: First of all, I don't think I could have articulated the strategy any clearer than you did, so thank you for that. I think that as opposed to tipping point, I think we are starting to see the impact of some mix exchange as these particular faster growing businesses come into the portfolio and are now captured in our organic sales. I liken it to what we did with aseptic broth. Once upon a time broth was a canned business and over time we introduced the aseptic cartons and cans gradually declined, the aseptic cartons of broth increased at a very significant margins, so we were pretty excited about that. I think it is these other businesses that will come into the portfolio and mix accordingly, but that said we are still putting a very concerted effort on our core businesses to strengthen them as well.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I mean, I think that is right. One of the things we do know is that these types of products are attracting more affluent and younger consumer into our franchise and we are very encouraged by that.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We said previously that some acquisition may be required to further diversify our portfolio and we still believe that to be the case. That said, we have also said and still are very tight with this, we have a very disciplined approach to how we evaluate acquisitions and the strategic fit of acquisitions into our program here. That said, we do have the financial flexibility to make a meaningful acquisition if we can find one that is a good fit and gives us the returns that we would expect to create value over time, so we still are active in this space, but we are being very disciplined about our approach to it.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, if you think about the acquisitions that we have made, Plum, Organics and Bolthouse Farms in packaged fresh have both been, we believe, are very, very solid plays in health and wellness and the Kelsen business was a good add for us for international expansion, particularly with 40% of its sales in China and Hong Kong. We will continue to look or target similar to those kind of acquisitions.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think, if you really look at the platforms for growth, in addition to what we just discussed, we have got a concerted effort on breakthrough innovation and one of platforms in breakthrough innovation is health and well being, because we have got V8 veggie blends coming, V8 protein bars and shakes. We have got advances in innovation and Bolthouse Farms and Plum and we have the new Campbell organic soups coming to market, so we are very active in innovation, in health and wellbeing space. Packaged fresh, we just talked about and then also increasing our availability, we have got an enormous opportunity in other channels outside of grocery, particularly in an immediate consumption channels, so we are in the process of building out that network, we have put a sales team in place and we still have a lot more work to do there, but that is a great expansion space for us.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have been experiencing and encouraging the same shaft into digital. We are up to about 20% of our spending and digital. What happens is it is the production cost of digital are less, but you need to produce more content, so there is a bit of an offset there. Yes, you could see non working come down, because of the price of producing in digital, but then again it is a different kind of production and making sure that content is fresh and works on multiple screens sizes, but we do believe that the shift will continue. This is the way to connect with the next generation of consumers. We still do have a significant portion of our spend in T.V., because of our large baby boomer population that still watches TV as their major media.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would add to that, I mean, if you look at the center of store and our in our soup business, I mean, given the level of innovation we are bringing to the market with the premium expansion and soon the organic soup launch, we are expecting to gain shelf space in our soup category.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think we said it is expected to be stable, so versus stable, yes we are down, now looking to be down 50 to 100 basis points and to just dimensionalize that, you know, we did not anticipate the recent increases in diary and aluminum and also what freight costs are doing and that is the majority of that 50-basis point to 100-basis point decline. The other piece of it is higher than anticipated supply chain cost related to that early spike in demand that we had to deal with.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, we have a pretty broad array of input cost. Certainly on proteins, it is a significant part of it and we do have good relationships always with our suppliers but the markets have been extremely volatile and I don't think we are the only ones that are seeing this type of activity. There has been issue on the supply side related to the drought. There has been issues on the demand side related to foreign buyers and this just created a lot of volatility that frankly we didn't anticipate.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would switch the order of that and I would also add that we are evaluating price realization opportunities and also pushing on our supply-chain to, one, fix the problem and, two, contribute to those cost savings.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay. The only thing I would add to that is Plum is reported inside simple meals and it had a significant increase in sales in part due to wrapping the recall and in part due to expanded distribution.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. Let me start with the last part of that question. No. There wasn't absorption benefit, because we still expect to make the same full-year production, so it is just moving fixed cost with those cases between the quarters on an rate per case basis nothing really changed. In terms of the volume spike, what you don't see when you look at the quarter is the monthly variations and we had very strong volume demands early in the quarter, so August-September and it is not a particular customer that has to do with just our overall programming and the timing of which customers place orders. In order to meet the customer service requirements, you know, we had to run some more overtime, we had to run some more weekends and obviously that cost us a bit more and we also had to get into the freight market on a spot basis, so that is obviously a little more expensive, so it is going to take us a little while here to catch up with that requirement, but we would foresee improvements when we get to the second half of the year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Okay. Was it on the specific line of products or not. It's mostly in our soup and sauce business in the U.S.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, that is a good point. We, as you know, benefitted from the retailer inventory movement in our last year first quarter relative to this year's first quarter. When you look at where we ended this quarter, it is within the kind of the historical ranges, but we are a bit higher than where we were last year, so it is hard to predict exactly when that will come out, but it could put some be a little bit of a headwind for us on second quarter top-line. As we have also said, we did expect no stronger first quarter and relatively softer second quarter, and to finish the half with results more in line with our full year guidance, so this is not in unexpected, but again the thing that we did not expect was within the first quarter, the acceleration to the earlier month or two.
Anthony DiSilvestro: It actually goes with the volume, so you figure out on a fixed cost per case and you recognize those fixed costs as you sell them, so it is not straight line. It moves with the volume.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think, you referenced the mix benefit and we do see and you saw it on the gross margin bridge that I reviewed, so we are seeing that mix benefit. As I said, on a fixed cost per case basis, we don't necessarily see that, but we do see it in the mix line, so I think there was 30-basis point or 40-basis point of mix benefit given the performance is stoop in some of our higher margin business relative to the balance. That being said, you know, the inflation impact on dairy, beef and aluminum and freight, is about half of that gross margin miss you know and the other half is the supply chain related costs, which you know are not insignificant and did hurt our gross margin performance in the first quarter.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Matt, there was a couple of things. Within Bolthouse, the CPG business, so beverages and sour dressings grew both top-line and bottom-line and within Bolthouse that has been carrots, so there has been some significant inflation in there. It is partly due to the drought, so we have had higher water extraction costs and higher land cost. We also had a higher freight cost. We were growing up in Washington state in trucking down to California and since the first quarter that production has moved to central California, so that should help a bit. The other impact is on the Foodservice business, so not in Bolthouse, significant cost inflation in the Foodservice products and also some investment we are making to expand our retail fresh business, so it is a combination of those things.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think, it really stems from the carrier capacity situation and there is just significantly more demand than there is availability especially on the spot market, so it hit us two ways this quarter. One, is just a general increase in freight rates. The other, because of our volume demand, we had to exit the spot market and a higher proportion than we have done in the past. You know what we are doing about it is, you we are trying to get more committed carrier capacity in our highest volume freight lanes and that will protect us from coming to the spot market. You may have to pay a little bit more, but it gives us some protection and our supply chain group is in the process of doing it right now, so it will be a negative impact but it should moderate as we go through the year here.
Eric Katzman: I guess, I want to follow-up on Rob's question, because I think it goes to the point. I mean, what kind of - I mean, obviously we do the timing of Thanksgiving, and you kind of have said that the shipments were well ahead of consumption, so the first part is, what are we looking for from sales in the second quarter given how much there - it seems like there was over-shipment versus consumption.
Eric Katzman: Okay. Then, Anthony, I don't understand your answers to Rob's question about the volume lift and the absorptions. Are you saying that regardless of quarterly volume, you basically spread the fixed cost over the entire year, kind of like just on some kind of basis as opposed to kind of counting it more specifically within the quarter.
Eric Katzman: Great, so with the volume so strong in arguably the highest margin products that you have, I guess you just must have paid extraordinary cost on the freight market and I would assume Pepperidge Farm and Goldfish is a very high margin product, was that also an offset, because otherwise my guess is most investors are saying that this would have been a much bigger margin quarter.
