Denise Morrison: Thanks, Craig. Before taking your questions, I want to make some closing remarks. We improved our EBIT performance in the back half and began to make the transition in U.S. Soup towards rebalanced marketing mix. We continue to believe that improved innovation and brand building is the right thing to do for all of our businesses. We're confident in our strategies and plans. It's early and we're just beginning to implement these plans, but the company is energized by the new course we've chartered. We also recognize that changing our growth trajectory will take time and solid execution. Fiscal 2012 will be a transition year, as we work to create a different company at Campbell. Our primary goal is to create value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth, and that is our focus going forward. With that, we'll open up the call to your questions.
Denise Morrison: We just thought it was really important to maintain the integrity of that spending plan as we make 2012 a year of investment.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Well, Andrew, we don't give quarterly guidance, and we intend to start spending against the $100 million investment starting in quarter one. But the pacing will, of course, vary by business. That said, we're not expecting the first half to be easy. We've had a list price increase and competitors have delayed following suit. So we expect that competitive pressures will continue. So we have to watch this very carefully.
Denise Morrison: Actually, with the price discounting we did last year on ready-to-serve soup, David, we actually saw a compression in the retail prices of ready-to-serve and condensed. So we believe that by focusing on the pricing and promotion strategy we have going forward with the discipline we're exercising, the consumer will continue to see a good array of value from Campbell's with condensed and ready-to-serve soup.
Denise Morrison: It's early to tell. The price realization is just coming through on shelf. So we'll see where that ends up.
Denise Morrison: I think there'll be consumers that will continue to shop the category for price. And then there'll be consumers that continue to shop the category for the benefits offered for the price paid. And we intend, through our marketing, to communicate our value proposition to the consumer in a much bigger way. We believe that's a healthier way to drive the usage of our brands.
Denise Morrison: The Australian market, from an economic standpoint, is starting to become more under pressure. However, we believe that with the size of the business we have over there in the categories that we play and the customer relationships that we have, we'll continue to be responsive and continue the momentum that we've built in that marketplace. We're very bullish on Australia.
Denise Morrison: It's actually a bit hard to predict, Ed, because heavy discounting was so severe last year that inventory didn't necessarily fall where consumption occurred. And so we are watching that relationship very closely as we go into the season. But suffice it to say that it was really the discounting we did last year that made the inventory situation course correct in the fourth quarter for us this year.
Denise Morrison: I think that the fact that stock-up trips are down are not an excuse. They're just a different dynamic that we have to deal with. And the way we promote the product, the fact that we're funneling more investment into advertising of the product to generate usage, will work more with the consumer's pattern for buying. We believe that's the right way to proceed at this point.
Denise Morrison: We're still in the throes of developing our advertising campaign for next year. But I do believe that everything we do now will be in the lens of a broader competitive set within Simple Meals, and recognizing that the consumer does make those choices and we want to compel them to choose Campbell.
Denise Morrison: Yes, we have shifted our retail coverage to a broker sales model. And in doing so, first of all, we already had a fairly large portion of our business in the broker sales model, so this is not a new relationship. And what we did was add it on the retail store coverage. Because what we found in our evaluation of our own direct retail force versus the broker is that they've made significant advances in technology, and the ability to cover many more stores at a lower cost with quality. And so we thought that this was a good time for us to advance that relationship, and we're very excited about the early days.
Denise Morrison: That's correct. The sell-in of this new plan has gone well. And again, we continue to be competitive in the marketplace. But the consumer will ultimately be the decision-maker in the first half.
Denise Morrison: Yes. The marketing actually will start a little bit later in the season to hit the high peak volume part of the season.
Denise Morrison: We've applied a lot of rigor to the international expansion plan. And as I said in July, we had identified some key markets. And there is a very tailored approach to those markets, depending upon what the market conditions are. But we feel with the broader described categories of simple meals, baked snacks and healthy beverages, we have a lot to work with in terms of faster-growing categories and faster-growing markets.
Denise Morrison: We sure hope so, but we don't know. And so we've planned pretty realistically, and we will watch that dynamic very carefully.
Denise Morrison: From an input costs inflation perspective, we are expecting increases in flour, diesel, edible oils and dairy.
B. Owens: I would say overall that our shelf space is about flat versus prior year in the total grocery and discount channel.
B. Owens: Chris, the only thing that changed is the base year. The base year was a little bit higher. Part of that, over-delivery was a little bit lower spend on marketing, and we're just hanging on to the absolute guidance, if you will. I know we gave it in percentages, but if you look at the absolute numbers, we'd come back to what we said in July.
B. Owens: No, I think -- I don't want to get into the business of trying to project what the competitor's going to do. As Denise says, we're going to be competitive. We're going to manage our way through the year. But directionally and strategically, what we've done in the second half is the way that we're going to approach the business coming into 2012, which is with more emphasis on brand building and less emphasis on trade discount.
B. Owens: Russia was worth about $0.01 in terms of savings from the closures and reduction in marketing spend.
B. Owens: Well, first of all, David, the $100 million number that you have is not all going to appear in the selling and marketing line. We talked about $100 million as incremental investment in innovation and marketing. So some of it, yes, will appear in marketing, some of it will appear in R&D and some of it will actually appear in other SG&A lines to support the infrastructure that we put in against innovation. I think the best way to think about the guidance change is really that we over-delivered the quarter, part of that was because we had lower marketing spend. But we also delivered at the gross margin line a little bit more strongly in a couple of the divisions. And as Denise said earlier, we've just made sure that we've taken the approach that for 2012, we're going to hold the plan that we have in place, which implies a little bit lower lift at EBIT and EPS on a percentage basis. But it's the same plan.
B. Owens: Yes, I would have $0.01 instead of $0.02, but I think we're slicing it pretty thin here for a forecast for the full year when we're talking about the difference in $0.01. And again, the approach was not so much to agonize over the pennies as to just say were going to hold our plan for 2012 and how does that work out in terms of percentages.
B. Owens: We do have, as we talked about in July, Rob, a pretty significant inflationary pressure in the numbers and then the assumption for next year. I mean, of course, we haven't given guidance on the gross margin line per se. So I think we also talked about, in operating expenses, that we've got a headwind related to the incentive pay that we hope to get back to pay out at targeted levels. So I think there's some combination of maybe inflation, above gross profit and SG&A pressure related to benefit costs and incentive costs below the gross profit line.
B. Owens: Yes. I hate to get in the business of forecasting foreign exchange for obvious reasons. The planning assumption is that it should be approximately neutral to the current year.
B. Owens: The unusual activity is all in the prior year. That's true for this fourth quarter, it would be, to certain extent, true as we cycle the first half of next year. But I think Anthony made a good point earlier of the impact, as a percentage of total sales, is much more significant in the fourth quarter than it is in the heavier sales seasons in the first and second quarter.
B. Owens: One of the reasons that you saw our marketing spend down so much in the fourth quarter is that we were cycling some fairly heavy out-of-season advertising last year. And our analysis would say that, that just didn't have very good payback. So while we're lifting marketing spend for 2012, we're also concentrating it more to the season.
B. Owens: External development is clearly a tool. You've seen us use it in the China market and the joint venture with Swire, and I think we're prepared to use it in other markets. But the heart of the thing is the strategy and the targeting of markets and categories that we think offer good growth opportunity.
B. Owens: Well, I guess I'll take it in 2 pieces. One is at cost of sales where, as you know, we've had a pretty long-established target of trying to offset roughly 3% of cost pressure. And while cost pressure's going to be somewhat higher than 3% this year, we still believe that we should be able to deliver at around that level. And that'll be driven by a pipeline of activity that we've got going in annual projects. But also, as we've talked about, our soup common platform work to simplify the soup-making process will contribute to that number also this year. Within expenses, the force reduction -- some of the force reduction, of course, is relevant to cost of sales. But the force reduction that we had, particularly the piece that was relevant to the administrative and headquarters expense, will be one of the factors as we are really beginning to try to pursue the same thinking in the management of expenses, i.e. in the planning period, can we offset about 3% of normalized inflation to the expense categories. And the negative headwind there would be the incentive cost and pension expense.
B. Owens: So the 8% to 10% is input costs, materials and packaging. That's what we said in July and that's still about right. That gives us a total cost inflation expectation, before our enabler program, of around 6 to 8. And as I just said, I think we can offset around 3 of that. So our expectation for total inflation and cost of sales, same as it was at the time that we talked in July, 3% to 5%.
B. Owens: Yes, I think the way to think about the crop price decline -- actually rallying for us, I guess, not rallying for the market. But anyway, the commodity price decline has helped us de-risk that forecast a little bit. We've had, at the time that we were talking, of course, we had some forward buying done. We've taken advantage of the decreases to do some more forward buying. We're not completely covered for the year, but we feel like we're getting closer to being more certain of those inflation projections.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just on the way we should think about earnings, that sort of -- the trajectory, if you will, through the year, obviously the EPS sort of results last year in your fiscal first half were lower year-over-year. So those comps a bit easier, but I know you'd be ramping up spending, I would assume, in the first half as well. But I'm just trying to get a sense of how some of things play out, and if there's any dramatic difference in the way earnings flow throughout the year even if it's just directional.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Just a quick one on productivity. Craig, if you could just update us on -- of the incremental productivity that you expect this coming fiscal year. I know a piece of it is obviously the $60 million from the restructuring, and then you've got the ongoing piece that's incremental as well. So you can just give us a sense of what that is, and then if you expect it to flow through in the year in any disproportionate way or fairly evenly.
Andrew Lazar - Barclays Capital: Got you. Okay. And then just I was curious is if you think about the logic of last year when you put out some of those trade promotions, which as you mentioned were not particularly effective in driving volume, I mean one could argue there was not a lot of elasticity to the upside from some of the trade spend. Do you think the logic works the other way around or not? Meaning, now that you pulled back on some of the less effective trade, they wouldn't necessarily be negative to the downside.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think it's important to recognize that even though we're pulling back a little bit on trade, we are still spending a significant amount of funds on both promotional spending as well as advertising.
Anthony DiSilvestro: And just to add to that point, because of the fourth quarter, the small quarter for soup, this small change in inventory does have a meaningful impact on fourth quarter volumes. But when you look at the first and second quarters, it won't be material.
Anthony DiSilvestro: This is Anthony. That would certainly be true for U.S. Soup. But you were talking about a fraction of the entire portfolio. And as Craig mentioned earlier, we do expect gross margins to be about flat in F12. But it's not flat for each of the businesses underneath that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And that's because you're just not going to forecast it at this point or at least for us? Or because there's some EPS, or there is some FX benefit in the base year and -- I don't understand that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And just looking at it the way it helped last year, it might help the first half but be a drag in the second half, I guess that's a way of looking at it.
Bryan Spillane: I didn't know if you had disclosed earlier just how much foreign exchange contributed to your earnings EPS, both for the fourth quarter and for fiscal '11.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just one follow-up. I think I caught this at the beginning of the call, but the restating the quarters in terms of the new segments, we're going to have quarters for 2011 after you've reported -- when you report the first quarter? Is that ...
