Denise Morrison: Chris, to answer your question, there is no change in our expectations on the acquisitions. The reason why we lowered it was because two thirds of it came from the soup business and about one third from Pepperidge Farm.
Denise Morrison: It’s a great question, and I have actually looked at the performance of 36 Simple Meals now over the course of time. And if you look at the MULO, total refrigerated meals are up 3.3%, shelf-stable are up 0.7%, and frozen are down 0.6%. So what’s happening is the refrigerated simple meals are experiencing most of the growth, but within shelf-stable there are some categories like fresh bread and rolls, Italian and Mexican sauces, which are positive and soup is slightly declining. And so, if you look at it over the last year, the total Simple Meals category is sluggish, up 1.2%, that is still positive, so we feel like we are tracking right with the pack here, it’s just that the environment is tough.
Denise Morrison: First let me address Pepperidge Farm. In Pepperidge Farm, we had positive profits and the profits are actually pretty robust. The two portions of the business that had sales decline were adult savory crackers and frozen, which are actually a small portion of the business. In addition, the Goldfish, we had a price increase on Goldfish last year and we've found that given the competitive environment we had to promote that product more in the third quarter. We did see with improving as the quarter went on. So we do believe that Pepperidge Farm still a great business and really good shape. When it comes to Arnott's, we've been dealing with a very tough retailer environment in Australia and we have had to invest in that business to stabilize it and return advertising to our core brands like Tim Tam, Shapes and real stock. So we have had cost that hits in Australia, we recognize that. And but we believe that getting that business back to stability is important, it’s an important business for us. These are great brands and they have great expansion possibilities as demonstrated by our double-digit growth in Indonesia. So I hope that answers your question.
Denise Morrison: Well, we’ve always held ourselves to a standard since the very beginning of strengthening our core business, while we expand into faster growing spaces. And we will continue to do both of those. We have been making plans and investments in our core business and these three acquisitions that we made have been very, very good for our portfolio and yes we will continue to look for other acquisitions with smart external development that make good strategic sense.
Denise Morrison: Okay. And regarding the drought, we have held our own pretty much during this drought. Our Bolthouse Farms carrot business resides in fields with aquifers and they have been growing also in Northern California and some other regions to take some of the pressure off. So they have been doing well despite the situation. We are expecting some increases in tomato prices as a result of the drought but that is been incorporated in our planning.
Denise Morrison: The only thing that I can say is that we were -- the sales were below our expectation by about a percentage point. Some of that was controllable and that the promotions didn’t get the lift that we wanted. But then you could argue that one of the reasons why we didn’t get the lifts because of a harsher environment and a more cautious consumer. So I am not sure how to accurately piece that out.
Denise Morrison: When you look at share of Simple Meals, we definitely are holding our own against other peers in the [south] or at least -- so even though Simple Meals is only up slightly, we have maintained our share of that.
Denise Morrison: Okay. I think that we’ve had some really good performance from our new dinner sauce products. We started building a new platform, which was completely disruptive with our first execution of Skillet Sauces last year, we added new Slow Cooker Sauces to that and then next year, we're adding new Oven Sauces. And we've been successful in getting a destination set in the stores to give the consumer a specific place to shop for these sauces. I think one of the reasons why they're doing well is because obviously they're consumed with meat and fresh food and so refining a lot of home preparation these days. So those have done very well. Goldfish Puffs have done really well and are meeting our expectations. Not so well are the where the Pepperidge Farm Cracker Chips and Jingos, which is one of the things that we're cycling in that business this year, but we have reformulated the cracker chips and have better expectations for those going forward.
Denise Morrison: In soups, yes most of the innovation has been sustaining innovation; the new Plum inspired Chunky soups are doing really well, the broth is doing phenomenal where we've moved from just chicken, beef and vegetable into more flavor, flavorful broths with recipes to go along with that. So and then the new eight SKUs that we introduced in January or performing as expected.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We are continuing to work with all of the levers of drivers of demand which vary by business. And we are working as well with customers for more trade promotion effectiveness. And our business leaders need to be flexible to make course corrections along the way both to capitalize on opportunities or meet competition. And in several of these categories we’ve seen a ramp up of competition. What we’ve tried to do is increase our frequency, not go into deep discounting.
Denise Morrison: And I think the other thing I would add is we’ve completely changed the team in Australia and they have a new plan that they’re implementing which has caused calling for investment particularly in the power brands and we believe that’s the right thing to do for that business right now.
Denise Morrison: I mean there is no question that within snacking we have seen and I am talking about macro snacking, we have seen brands in the [better for you] space gaining traction, one of the reasons why we introduced Goldfish puffs in addition to attracting teens and twins into the Goldfish franchise was that we were able to make that product free. So, we are participating in that macro snacking at this point. I do believe though that our cookie business and our Pepperidge Farm cracker business particularly Goldfish do have a nice loyal consumer base and we will continue to innovate in that space as well. So, our model is to give consumers choices depending upon what they are seeking to buy.
Denise Morrison: And Bolthouse year-to-date is up about 7% and the beverages and salad dressings are up double digits, both in sales and also in consumption and the carrots are low single digits.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I would just add one point that I think is important is on soup, we held our promotional price points, and what we did is we expanded to a broader customer base, so we went to customers this year that we didn't promote with in the third quarter last year, which gave us some confidence that we thought would get a volume lift.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Because as I said, 53rd week is 2 points at sales and 3 points at EBIT. I mean going the other way, we’ve got a couple of things, so we are wrapping the Plum Organics to recall and we’re wrapping a very disruptive winter. We know we have some challenges next year. We’re working through our plans now in terms of operating plans for next year to see where we come at.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I can take the first, inventory part of that. We did end the quarter about $25 million up versus a year ago on soup inventories. It’s hard to predict exactly what is going to come out as we launch into next year but our forecast for the fourth quarter does assume the majority of that inventory comes out.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think there is a couple of things to point out; obviously one, we wrapping the Plum issue, so that obviously is a non-controllable that will go away; we expect improved performance in Pepperidge Farm. Denise mentioned, we got a two parts of that business that are hurting this year which are small portion that’s adult savory cracker business and the frozen business. And I think more fundamentally and we’ve talked about the need to improve our performance in U.S. Beverages and in Arnott’s which have been a drag on the portfolio of this year and we need to turn that around.
Anthony DiSilvestro: There has been, if you look at there has been some share gains by some of the niche brands. And I think if you look as to why that is, there are some pockets of growth within the category around things like organic, and health and wellness attributes. And obviously we're looking at those things. We've got a pretty robust plan for soup for next year and some exciting things going on. And we plan to share that more fully with you at our Investor Day in July.
Anthony DiSilvestro: That’s primarily the case but one point I would add, we experienced some delays in achieving those savings, so we didn’t get the full amount of savings in the year so that should help us going into next year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I would say some of it’s been deployed, the major driver of the improvement in North America Food Service is actually been our traditional up and down the street food service business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So I’ll make a couple of comments on your gross margin more about where we have been then the outlook for next year. But in terms of this year, we expect cost inflation, the rate to go up about 3% to 4%; inside of that ingredients, packaging and energy inflation running about 2% to 3% and then you need to add a point for the supply chain issues that I’ve mentioned earlier. If you step back and look at the base business, our gross margin declined. As I said in my comments 60 basis points of that is the impact of the acquisitions and 1 point, 2 points is the base business. You are right, promotional variance is a significant factor in that in addition to the inflation that I talked about. We've increased our promotional spending in our Baking and Snacking business and in U.S. Soup. And we've also increased trade promotion in Bolthouse Farms, which is one of the reasons you are seeing a lower gross margin or a lower margin in Bolthouse because in addition to the advertising spend to build the brand awareness, the competitiveness in that category has intensified of late and then we have increased our trade spending in response. We don't expect it to be an ongoing issue, but it did impact the third quarter, both the top-line and the bottom-line for Bolthouse.
