Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call for Campbell Soup's Fiscal 2016. With me on the call are Denise Morrison, President and CEO and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we will make forward-looking statements which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Now I'd like to remind you about items impacting comparability. As we said in this morning's news release, the current quarter results reflect a non-cash impairment charge, pension and post-retirement mark-to-market losses and charges related to cost-savings initiatives. The prior year quarter included pension and post-retirement mark-to-market losses and charges related to the implementation of the new organizational structure and cost-savings initiatives.  The adjusted results exclude the impact of these items impacting comparability and our comparisons of the full year 2016 with 2015, will exclude these and previously announced items. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Lastly, please mark your calendars for our planned fiscal 2017's earnings dates. We plan to release earnings on November 22, 2016, February 17, 2017, May 19, 2017 and August 31, 2017. With that, let me turn the call over to Denise.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time and fairness to the other callers, please ask only one question at a time. Okay, Stephanie.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Stephanie. Thanks, everyone for joining our fourth quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about 2 hours after our call concludes by going online or calling 1 (703) 925-2533. The access code is 1673833. You have until September 15, 2016, at midnight, at which point we move our earnings call strictly to the website. Just click on recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have further questions, please call me, Ken Gosnell, (856) 342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856) 342-3737. That concludes today's program. Thanks, everyone.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I think that, as we indicated, the carrot business is right now going through a short-term issue. And fortunately, it is a short-term crop, and the crop we're harvesting now is much better. So we believe we will be back in business at pretty normal levels by about the second half of the year. We've got a lot of to do there. I mean, we've got customer issues to address, and we are actively doing that. Going forward, I think, as we look at the business, based on the growth rates in sales and earnings that we saw when we bought the business, we believe that the growth rates are going to be about flat to up slightly. And that's a -- that is a little bit more conservative than when we first bought the business.
Denise Morrison: Yes. Ken, that actually is related to what we talked about in Investor Day with -- our -- in our long-term innovation group working on the new pea protein beverage, so it's plant-based beverages, but they would be situated in the dairy part of the perimeter of the store.
Denise Morrison: It does not. I would say, though, in the first half, the team will be very focused on the fundamentals, so the new product innovations will most likely go to market in the second half.
Denise Morrison: And David, our profit is strong. Our challenge is top line growth. So these investments are really vital to long-term health of the sales line of the company.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have a much stronger marketing investment in the first half, particularly in the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage with 4 really big campaigns.
Denise Morrison: Let me build on that, that we also, as part of the setup of our Integrated Global Services have made investments in our revenue management and advanced analytics. And we're continuing to look for ways to manage the depth and frequency of our trade programs to maximize profitable volume. We have to take into consideration competitive activity and customer programs and consumer response, but this is definitely a point of focus for us.
Denise Morrison: It all starts with the consumer, and the consumer trends are very strong in terms of health and well-being, and particularly in fresh food. Some of these issues are part and parcel to running a fresh food business. But in our case, these were execution issues, and we can do better there. So we're really confident in the strategy to pursue fresh food in addition to the strong core brands that we have.
Denise Morrison: Yes. I wanted to clarify that. We look at -- we do look at M&A more broadly than just Campbell Fresh. And each one of our divisions has mapped out specific targets that they're interested in, that are a good strategic fit for their businesses. And so we are highly interested in other consumer behaviors like health and well-being, like snacking, like simple meals that we can pursue not only from an organic growth standpoint but also from an M&A standpoint.
Denise Morrison: Yes, absolutely. I mean, Plum Organics is a great example of a smaller brand that we bought. We were able to integrate that into the Americas Simple Meals and Beverage business and capitalize on things like their sales force and supply chain.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We definitely have some bright spots in soups this year. We basically stabilized condensed and broth is up for the year. But the issue we've had has been RTS soup. And as you indicate, with brand Chunky, we are -- we have the price realization behind us. We have improved Chunky marketing going into 2017. We had a label execution issue in first and second quarter last year that we are cycling. And then we can't control the weather, but that was definitely an impact in 2016. So we believe that the Chunky brand will have improved performance in 2017. In addition, we are launching Well Yes midyear, which is a great tasting, clean-label ready-to-serve soup that we believe will have disruption in the soup aisle and capture the hearts and minds of consumers. The other thing we have going for us in soup is Slow Kettle and organic soups continue to do very well. And we just came out with new stackable cans in our RTS soup, which has been received really, really well from the retailers for merchandising purposes. So we've got a lot more going for us this year than last year, and we expect soup to grow modestly.
Denise Morrison: Yes, and thanks for that reminder. We continue to be challenged in our shelf-stable beverages, particularly on our products that contain sugar, so V8 V-Fusion, for example. And this year we actually did have some declines on our V8 Red. Our new Veggie Blends, which we supported with some good marketing support, continue to grow. And our V8 +Energy is growing really nicely. What we have done is, we've developed a brand-new campaign, but also we've increased our support around our V8 Red juice. So instead of just promoting the new parts of the business, we're going back to better balancing our marketing against the core V8 Red as well as the new Veggie Blends and the V8 +Energy. And we believe that, that is a much better formula for success. We don't expect beverages to grow next year, but we do expect improved performance.
Denise Morrison: We have -- we do have top-selling varieties in the V-Fusion line such as strawberry banana or pomegranate blueberry and some others, and we'll continue to include them in the V8 line. But we -- the consumer will take us to the flavors that they like and will repeat. So that's basically how we're planning it.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, if I could just add to that. As part of our annual testing of intangible assets, which we perform in the fourth quarter, we do a detailed discounted cash flow analysis. And as we performed that on the carrot and carrot ingredient reporting unit, we certainly reflected the current year performance and our expectations for future cash flows. And while we expect the performance to improve over time, it's not to the levels previously anticipated and consequently led to the impairment charge.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Bryan, the first part of that question, Denise mentioned 2 factors that'll impact at least our first half performance in 2017. One is the supply constraints on protein drinks, given the production, the run times, 24 hours versus 72. And the other thing is given some loss of customers on carrots; it'll take a little bit of time to reacquire that business. And so as we look at C-Fresh for the full year, we expect top line growth, low single digit. Typically, we would look for high single digit, so obviously, that's impacting our 2017 outlook. And as far as innovation, I don't think the issue on this particular line has an impact on our innovation agenda.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I think that's right, Dave. So when we first announced the cost saving program, we're targeting $200 million in savings, and we talked about half of that going back for reinvestment. I think as the savings level went up, as when we kind of help the reinvestment amount, so I don't think we're -- we'd estimate that. I think I'd estimate less than half is not going back in the business. We're not going to give a specific dollar amount in terms of reinvestment in 2017, but it is significant, and it is in a number of areas. We're going to support new product launches, things like Prego's Farmers' market, Well Yes soup, Plum infant formula, the Bolthouse spring innovations, Tim Tam's expansion in the U.S., Goldfish made with organic wheat. So we have a number of product launches going on. We're also going to invest in new capabilities around things like digital and e-commerce. We're going to make investments in our Real Food initiative, so these are things like improving our can liners, continuing the removal of BPA, improving the product and more clean label, those types of ingredients which tend to be more expensive. We're going to invest in longer term innovation, things like our Acre investment fund, and also Denise mentioned, long-term innovation in Packaged Fresh. We're also going to invest and add resources to expand our sales and distribution in China through our Kelsen business. So we have quite a list of areas we're looking to reinvest and in the P&L, we have a significant allocation of fund.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Well, we did said the majority of growth will come in the second half. And as you point out, there's 2 reasons for that. We are lapping a relatively low marketing Q1, Q2, and we have these lingering issues on C-Fresh. So that will tend to suppress our first half performance, but we'll see it come back in the second half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: We're not going to give specific guidance, but I would say, we expect relatively weaker performance in the first half and stronger performance in the second half.
Anthony DiSilvestro: I guess we'll look at it a little bit different than that. We are very focused on improving our gross margin performance and expanding margin. Within that, we looked at net price realization, productivity improvements to exceed inflation. On the net price realization, we feel really good about what we've been able to accomplish in 2016. In fact, 40 basis points of our 170 basis point gross margin improvement is driven by net price realization. And within that, and I guess a little distorted on the sales variance, but we've made meaningful reductions in trade spend in soup given the promotional pricing we've taken on RTS. And although it's impacted volumes, it has contributed significantly to margin expansion. Now we're up a little bit in the fourth quarter. It's a non-seasonal quarter for us. Most of our dollar increase in trade in the fourth quarter relates to our Arnott's business in Australia, kind of lapping a period of supply constraints, so we had to pull back on our promotional activity, so we're wrapping that. But as I look at the whole year, we accomplished what we set out to do in our plan and have made meaningful progress, especially in soup, which is very critical to our agenda going forward.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. I think the best way to explain our gross margin performance was it was down 90 basis points in the fourth quarter is to parse out the impact of the C-Fresh division. So the C-Fresh division in aggregate had a 70 basis point impact out of the 90 basis point, so basically most of our gross margin decline is attributable to the 2 issues inside of C-Fresh, the recall, which was 50 basis points, and the decline on carrots, which has a -- an impact on the margin as well. And looking at the rest of it, inflation was not that great in the fourth quarter as we talked in the bridge. The higher promotional expense was the key swing relative to prior quarters. But most of the decline, as we said, attributable to the C-Fresh performance.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, so we had some ups and downs obviously in 2016. We ended up with a $0.02 headwind in '16 versus '15. And looking forward, our short-term incentives are close to target. The long-term incentive will go up a little bit. All in, we had about a $0.02 negative impact in 2017.
