Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks, Kate. Good morning, everybody. Welcome to the Campbell Soup Company's second quarter earnings call and webcast. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and CEO, Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. I am going to comment first on some very exciting items impacting comparability in the quarter. Denise will follow me with a high level her perspective on our second quarter and first-half. Craig will wrap it up with a more detailed look at the financial and segment results. After that we will take your questions. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com and on our IR app which is available through Google or Apple. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media who are participating in listen-only mode. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. They reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. Our forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to slide three in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements. In the second quarter of fiscal 2014, Campbell and a joint venture partner agreed to restructure manufacturing and streamline operations in China. We recorded pretax restructuring charges of $13 million related to this initiative. In the first quarter, we recorded pretax restructuring charges and related costs of $23 million associate with initiatives to streamline our salaried workforce in North America and in Asia-Pacific and the previously announced initiative. We recorded a loss of $9 million on foreign exchange forward contracts used to hedge the proceeds from the sale of our European Simple Meals business. In addition, we recorded tax expense of $7 million associated with that sale. Last year in the second quarter we recorded a pretax restructuring charge and related costs of $48 million related to our U.S. supply chain in Mexico. In the first quarter we recorded $10 million in transaction cost to Bolthouse and $43 million in restructuring charges and related costs related to U.S. supply chain initiatives. Since our presentation today includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we have provided a reconciliation of the measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures as an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides along with our earnings release and selected quarterly financials also can be found on our website accessible by computer or any mobile device with the Campbell IR app. As Denise will touch on later too, Campbell recently announced a CFO transition. Craig Owens, CFO since October 2008 will be retiring on May 1, 2014. He has been not only a strong and respected CFO but also an outstanding mentor to me and many others here at Campbell. On behalf of all of us who have had the privilege to work with the master Craig, I would like to thank you for that. So we are delighted to add that Anthony DiSilvestro is being promoted to CFO. He will be providing the financials perspective at the Consumer Analyst Group of New York conference, CAGNY, in Florida on February 19 with Craig, Denise and I attending as well. We invite interested shareholders, investors, members of the media and consumers to listen to and view our investor presentation at CAGNY which will be videocast live, it is actually videocast at 10:30 AM Eastern from Boca Raton. A replay of the video and copies of materials will be available afterwards on Campbell's website archives. With that, let me turn it over to Denise Morrison.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks Craig. At this time, we will conduct a Q&A session. We would like to request that our callers limit themselves to a single question so we can respond to more people who are on the line.
Jennifer Driscoll: Targeted towards teens and that seems to be a good market for us beyond kids and it's performing very well.
Jennifer Driscoll: You are welcome. Thanks everybody for joining us for our second quarter earnings call. We appreciate your patience as we try to clear out the queue a little bit. If you are a reporter and have questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications at (856)-342-3737. Investors and analysts should please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856)-342-6081. Have a great Valentine's Day and hope to see you at CAGNY next week and we will conclude our program now. You may disconnect.
Denise Morrison: Well, last year's weather contributed to the 5% growth, but we think it drove less than half of those gains. We believe that our improved execution and more effective marketing and the introduction of new products were the key drivers last year. This year we were really satisfied with our holiday consumption but January we did get lifts on our promotion but they weren't quite what we expected. And basically we have to do a better job in the second-half driving consumption.
Denise Morrison: Yes. We have assessed that weather is neutral to us in this quarter. We definitely acknowledge a benefit of cold temperatures, but we think it was offset by unfavorable weather disruptions. We had plant closures for a while, retail store closures and some lost business in the Foodservice sector.
Denise Morrison: Okay, I will answer both. First of all on the broth business. We were very pleased with our performance on broth and we attribute it to a number of factors. First of all, starting with the consumer, we have seen an increase in homemade soup behavior, I mean people are making more soup at home and they are cooking more with broth, which is great. We do think that that's partially driven by some of the innovation we have brought to the broth segment of the soup category with new flavor infused varieties and we have also changed our advertising campaign to really emphasize insights on why I cook. We think the combination of all of those have really helped the business. As I said, we had a strong holiday. In regards to the new off-cycle products, our retailers are looking for growth and fortunately, we now have a pipeline with more products ready to go to market. So we view this as positive because we are doing something different and continuing to increase our new surrounding soup.
Denise Morrison: Okay. We have had, for the last five-years, a contract with Coca-Cola for immediate consumption distribution of V8 and that ended on December 31. Over the last year of that contract, we have continued to work with Coke and effective January 1, we were able to ship V8 products to a new network of distributors for national distribution. In addition, we are now out working with predominantly convenient store customers to make sure that we not only secure the V8 distribution that we had, but expand it. We now have the benefit of going to market with both V8 and Bolthouse Farms, which gives us, in total, that just both all retail channels about $1 billion of healthy beverage business. So we feel like we have got a great program going forward on immediate consumption. It is a large part of other beverage company's sales and profits and it's a very small part of ours. So we see this as a really great opportunity for us.
Denise Morrison: We continue to work with Green Mountain on the development of the new Fresh-Brewed Soup K-Cup product and we do not have plans at this point for V8 or Bolthouse Farms execution.
Denise Morrison: Yes. It is an effect, effective January 1, and we did see wind down in sales to Coke in the second quarter. We will be and are shipping now to the new distribution network. We believe that there will be pipeline fill and increased sales over time. So that's probably the best I can do at this point.
Denise Morrison: They are distributors that cater to the immediate consumption channels, largely convenience stores and single-serve products.
Denise Morrison: Yes. They are dealing with lower employment, higher payroll taxes, healthcare changes, lower discretionary spending available on food. So the food stamp is part of all of that.
Denise Morrison: In terms of Bolthouse Farms, recall, this is the first marketing effort that we have had on this brand since it's been newly acquired and the marketing largely met our expectations. We were actually very pleased with the results and we will continue to market that brand in the second-half of this year and invest in it going forward. In terms of the other categories, we have been focusing our marketing largely at competitive levels on our core brands and at ramped up levels on our new products such as the Campbell's cooking sauces and Homestyle and Prego. The only place I can tell you that we will course correct going forward as we believe we did not spend at the appropriate level on condensed eating soup and we will be course correcting that going forward.
Denise Morrison: We acknowledge the fact that we did have a very good third quarter last year but we feel, as we look at our plans in the back-half that they are robust and we are doing some things over the top of what we did last year to have a different outcome. So we have greater promotional frequency. We are launching eight new soups including our first Hispanic cooking soups. We are expanding pub inspired Chunky soups, which are doing really, really well. Some of those are in the top selling SKUs of all soup and we are building more momentum on broth with a bigger Easter program. So we believe that we have robust plans and we are planning on cycling quarter three and quarter four with positive momentum on soup.
Denise Morrison: It's still early days of owning Plum. So far, despite the recall situation that we had, we are continuing to see the brand grow in sales. However we have been really focused on getting back in to business on that brand throughout our customer base before we start really expanding distribution and bringing out new products, which will start to happen in the second-half. So it's still early days but we are very pleased with the brand and with the business.
Denise Morrison: No, not yet. I mean other than the fact that we studied the category before we made the acquisition and we know it's a higher growth space which is very consistent with our strategy and it also is a very popular brand with millennials.
Denise Morrison: Yes, they sort of said, through velocities too at the stores where we are fully in-stock. So that's an encouraging thing.
Denise Morrison: Goldfish Puffs has been one of our better introductions and it's largely meeting our expectations. Inclusive of new products, Goldfish was up 5%. So Puffs certainly helped contribute to that sales growth.
Denise Morrison: Obviously, on the advertising, we definitely frontloaded the year. It was up 14% in the first quarter. So that will not be repeated, obviously. We expect a more normal ACT in the back-half.
Denise Morrison: Recall when we introduced Skillet sauces last year, we had the situation where it was merchandised in about five different places in the grocery store. So we worked diligently this year for our customers to place a section of cooking sauces in the store. It varies where that is located, but typically it is sauce section or even next to broth. But what it does is it gives worthy of space to ourselves and some of our competitors but it gives the consumer a destination to know where to shop for these kinds of products and since we are building a platform, that's been a strategic imperative.
Craig Owens: Well the benefit to Q2, I would look at that as the difference between consumption, which was down one and inventory which was up five less some of the low level that we entered the quarter with. It's hard to quantify looking forward. Remember that inventories are moving in a big bell curve through the season anyways. So when we talk about inventory movement, we are talking about difference to prior year at the beginning and end of the quarter. But they are always coming down in the second quarter and they will be coming down in the third quarter. It depends on where we end. I think it's fair to say, we need to get good consumption and good execution in the third quarter and get the inventory overhang that's out there consumed as we move through the quarter and that's why I mean we feel pretty good about that, as Denise referenced. We have got a lot of programming in the quarter and we are looking forward to seeing that work for us.
Craig Owens: So, SG&A first. I think we would expect SG&A to be down versus prior year. We are benefiting from the restructuring activities that we pursued. You will continue to see benefit from that. You will see benefit from that in the second-half. Pension cost is a positive for us this year. It looks like we are headed for a little bit lower incentive compensation cost. So all of those things will run favorably and looks like they will help us in the second-half too. Gross margin has been negatively impacted in the first quarter. Well, actually really in the first-half, but particularly in the second quarter. In the first quarter, we had the Plum recall and in the half, we have had some project expense work that's fallen into cost of sales, maybe a little bit higher than what we originally anticipated. We have had some weather related costs. The weather has been so severe, we actually had soup freeze in some of our transportation and have to be destroyed and that sort of thing. So we have had some kind of one-off impacts in cost of sales in the first-half. As I look toward the second-half. I will try this again, I think our gross margin will be pretty similar to what it was last year but clearly, we won't recapture everything that we have lost in the first-half.
Craig Owens: Having said that, as Denise said, we do need better sales performance in the second-half than we had in the first-half given the weak first quarter.
Craig Owens: And okay, don't forget that you have got a 53rd week and the acquisition contribution in the back-half.
Craig Owens: Exactly. When you take it apart, it doesn't have to be driven by really extraordinary sales results or anything.
Craig Owens: The ramp-up probably won't be quite as dramatic because it's across a large number of distributors that will be coming on as we move through the quarter.
Craig Owens: I think it's very difficult for us to quantify. I would put it into the larger basket of consumer headwind issues that are out there. I think you have seen us and our peers under a lot of pressure to get volume growth. You have seen the grocers under pressure to get volume growth. So I think its part of what's playing in. I think it's really difficult to segregate out that specific impact.
Craig Owens: And it also gives us the opportunity to, while the route to market is a little bit different because it's a chilled route to market for Bolthouse and at shelf-stable, even though it's going into refrigerated spaces for V8. It gives us an opportunity to go to distributors and to go to retailers on a joint basis now that we didn't really have under the Coke agreement.
Craig Owens: In terms of where the reductions are, I think beverages will be a little lower than our original thinking there as we shift some of that probably to more trade related activity and as we continue to work our way through some of the headwinds that we have seen in beverage and maybe a little bit lighter in Pepperidge but we are not going to be very different from the shape of our original expectation. It was always heavily front-loaded to support the new product introductions and to do the first advertising around Bolthouse and it was always intended to taper back closer to the prior year or slightly below for the balance of the years.
Craig Owens: I think it's probably a little early to give the full readout from that but I would fully anticipate that we will continue to be more active in terms of brand building around Bolthouse than they have been historically there. We really think that's one of the opportunities that we have looking forward with the brand.
Craig Owens: It's a negative circumstance to have the recall, but one thing that we have seen is that Plum consumers are very loyal to the brand. I think they really appreciated the way that we have communicated and handled that recall process. They have been very communicative through that process on social media and that sort of things and it has proved to be, despite the negative starting point, to be a pretty good selection of brand loyalty.
Craig Owens: I think it's, again, really difficult. We are still in the trial building phase. Well, on something like dinner sauces, purchase cycle is fairly long. So it does take some time and some investment. So again, I think it's hard to respond to a quarter question.
Craig Owens: So it's hard for me to see much advantage to adding it retroactively to bond issuances that are out there. We will consider it going forward, but I feel well, it's just too early to say. Anthony will give that some consideration as we look forward to our future bond issuances.
Craig Owens: Well, I think if you look at the absolute numbers, once you take out the noise created by the European divestiture and the purchases of Kelsen and Plum, it should be sort of a normal operating cash year for us. We tend to fall somewhere between $800 million and $1 billion of operating cash flow on an annual basis.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, we had expected it to be a little bit above the rate of sales and now we are forecasting to be a little bit below.
Anthony DiSilvestro: We looked at this pretty closely and actually only a small part of it derived from the organic sales growth. A big portion is in the G&A line related to the items that Craig just talked about. Also don't forget the 53rd week has a significant impact in the fourth quarter as well.
Anthony DiSilvestro: As we look ahead, the new distribution model does provide us some opportunities to expand beyond the beverage category into some of our other Simple Meals categories as we push it into immediate consumption channels.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So in the second-half, not much different on the commodity front, on the inflation rate front. We will benefit from not having, as I described earlier, some of the one-off cost that we have had, that if you had cost of sales in the first-half but we are still looking for an inflation rate on inputs and if you just narrow it down to materials, it's more like 1% to 2%, 2.5%. Once you put labor and other overhead cost in it, it gets up to kind of 2% to 3%. Then in the first-half we have been impacted with another point of unusual cost item. So not much impact in the second-half. As we look forward to next year, you are right. The drought in California is probably going to have an impact on our tomato and our processed tomato cost structure. Obviously you are right about grains, a little bit relief for Pepperidge going forward. But not much impact in the second-half. As you know, we have got a commodity buying program that keeps us out a little bit ahead of the curve and we are pretty well locked in for the balance of this year.
Anthony DiSilvestro: If you think about innovation, against our dinner sauce, it's hard to think about that over a quarter or even half. We are investing to create a new behavior in a new category in a new shelf space. So we are investing pretty heavily to develop that market and we look at it more on a long-term ROIC basis.
Anthony DiSilvestro: So we are intentionally investment spending. We know on these new product introductions as you know you are not going to get the return in the quarter on the spending. So I think you have to look at it over a little bit longer period of time and see how the trial and repeat builds.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes, it is. There sauces contributed about a point of sales growth to the U.S. Simple Meals segment.
