Jennifer Driscoll: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call and webcast for Campbell Soup Company. With me here in New Jersey today are Denise Morrison, President and Chief Executive Officer; Craig Owens, Senior Vice President, CFO and Chief Administrative Officer; and Anthony DiSilvestro, Senior Vice President of Finance; as well as Stephanie Varnum, new Senior Manager in IR. Denise will kick us off today with a strategic update and highlights of our results for the fourth quarter. Craig will offer his take on the quarter, the fiscal year, and our expectations for fiscal 2013. Then after we take your questions, Denise will make a few closing remarks. As usual, we have created slides to accompany our earnings presentation today. You'll find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. Please keep in mind that our call is open to members of the media, who are participating in listen-only mode. As a reminder, our presentation today includes forward-looking statements, which reflect the company's current expectations about future plans and performance. These forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to inherent risks. Please refer to Slide 3 in the presentation or to the company's most recent Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Since our presentation today includes non-GAAP measures as defined by SEC rules, we've provided a reconciliation of those measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in an appendix to the slides accompanying our presentation. These slides, along with our earnings release and other selected quarterly financials, can be found on our website as well. And with that, now let me turn the call over to Denise.
Jennifer Driscoll: I think, Thilo, we talked about a return to our long-term targets, which is 3% to 4% sales, 4% to 5% EBIT and 5% to 7% EPS.
Jennifer Driscoll: And with respect to Select Harvest and 100% Natural, that's going to take place over a period of time, [indiscernible] October and November.
Jennifer Driscoll: Thanks for joining us for Campbell's Fourth Quarter Earnings webcast. Replays are going to be available in approximately 2 hours by dialing 1 (855) 859-2056 or 1 (404) 537-3406, with the passcode of 21752010. If you are a reporter and have follow-up questions, please call Anthony Sanzio at (856) 968-4390. Investors and analysts may call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at (856) 342-6081. With that, we will conclude today's program, and you may now disconnect.
B. Craig Owens: Well, David, I think we continue to see some headwinds from the consumer environment. As we've also said, we're going to lower our advertising spend in the U.S. Soup business. While we think that has good payback to it, it will have a negative impact on our sales number in U.S. Soup for the year. And it's -- I would point out that we are anticipating an improvement versus our prior year organic sales with all of that in.
B. Craig Owens: It is very difficult to precisely quantify. I think, though, one thing that's important, it's not so much the impact of the buy-in prior to price increase as it is that we had pretty significant consumer promotion activity going on at the end of the quarter, which caused some increase in inventories in-store. We expect to see that sell-through. But you're right, there could be a little bit of overhang into Q1.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. You're probably seeing a little bit of the promotional spending associated with the retailer activity.
B. Craig Owens: Right. The -- so the tax rate might be slightly negative. The bigger impact is interest and also the cessation of our share repurchase program.
B. Craig Owens: So there is a carryover benefit on shares, so we stopped the share repurchase program. But because we bought throughout the year in F '12, there's a carryover benefit in the share count, and that's a -- that's a slight positive, and that's partially offsetting the interest expense.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So Chris, the primary increases would have been against our sauce business, against our adult cracker business within Pepperidge Farm and against our beverage business in North America. Those would have been the sources of most significant increases. There would've been increases in some of our emerging marketing businesses, too. But those are pretty small relative to the total.
B. Craig Owens: The decline -- well, it will be a decline for the overall company that is driven by a decline in U.S. Soup primarily.
B. Craig Owens: If you look at the base business implied in the guidance, it's about flat at EBIT, slightly up but pretty close to flat.
B. Craig Owens: So the F '13 outlook for input materials, packaging and energy is around 3%, and the total inflation assumption for cost of sales is around 4% for F '13.
B. Craig Owens: No, I don't think so. I mean, we'll keep updating you through the year, but there's no significant difference, I don't think, as we look across the year.
B. Craig Owens: We tend to average being out about 6 months. We may be a little bit longer than that right now, given the way that the commodity markets have moved, but you should think of us, generally, as being about 6 months out.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I -- we're not going to announce future pricing activity at this point. But yes, what we said at Analyst Day, and what is still true, is that between the pricing we have already announced in the Soup business and the productivity savings that we're expecting, we're pretty well covering off the cost inflation.
B. Craig Owens: The thing that's difficult about it, Jonathan, is that there's a tremendous seasonality to our inventory movements anyway. So the fourth quarter always sees an inventory decline in total versus the third quarter. And what we saw this year was that both the starting point a little bit lower than the previous year, ending point a little bit higher, but all in the context of decreasing inventories. In the first quarter, we almost always see an inventory increase. And so trying to quantify what the net impact of that will be is just difficult on big inventory numbers. If we look at the warehouse inventory levels that we have visibility to, they were very normal for the fourth quarter. The in-store inventory was somewhat higher than normal at the end of the fourth quarter because of the promotional activity that we've talked about, and that's what created a pretty big swing in a pretty small quarter.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So, well, first, with respect to promotional activity, I think it's back-to-school promotional activity that we're seeing, which is, in some cases, getting earlier in the year than it has been. But I think that's the answer to that one. With respect to Bolthouse, you have to recognize that versus the historical numbers that you've seen for Bolthouse, there is asset write-up as part of purchase accounting that will lead to higher depreciation that they've had historically. There's both an accounting change and some retention bonus kind of activity that we have in the compensation expense related to Bolthouse. And then there are certain items that are related to Bolthouse that actually fall into the Campbell P&L as part of the integration of Bolthouse. So I think all of those things are leading you to over-impute operating earnings to Bolthouse. The reality is that the base business EBIT organic growth is around flat.
B. Craig Owens: Well, it's in the guidance. I mean, they do influence it, of course. There is pressure more at Pepperidge than at Arnott's, given the 2 fairly distinct grain markets that we're talking about. But it is anticipated in the guidance that we would have pressure at Pepperidge.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So slotting fees for this year's fourth quarter were up about $6 million versus prior year same quarter. And you should not expect a significant difference in Q1 related to slotting fees.
B. Craig Owens: So I think we said both at Analyst Day and also when we did the call on Bolthouse that while we're suspending our share repurchase, we're not suspending our activities to continue to look for good, value-accretive acquisition targets or partnership opportunities or JV opportunities where they make sense. We do feel like we've still got some capacity within our balance sheet, and so we continue to try to advance our strategies by looking for those kinds of opportunities. Now having said that, they're few and far between out there, and we're very rigorous in the way that we evaluate them. But we have not -- we haven't stopped looking.
B. Craig Owens: Well, I think it's both things interacting with each other, right? There, just numerically, there are not a lot of good quality properties. And consequently, when one does come to market, it tend -- there tends to be pretty strong competition for it.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I mean, the -- what we saw was a normal situation around our price increase, and actually coming into our F '13, a reasonable inventory level.
Denise M. Morrison: We recognize that the EPS will represent an improvement in trend on the base business but won't get us all the way there. We're not really disclosing a time frame that we will get there, but we're just giving guidance for the entire business inclusive of Bolthouse Farms.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. And I think that the delivery this year was in line with the guidance that we gave in July 2011.
Denise M. Morrison: We -- Andrew, first of all, we have seen some positive consumption across Soup, particularly on condensed soup, and that's encouraging. We do feel that the price increase that we took will result in a reasonable increase in the retail price on the shelf to the consumer. However, we are planning for some volume impact due to that price increase. So that we're expecting that there'll be some pros and cons as we go into next year.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, as you know, a couple of years ago, we had engaged in some pretty deep discounting in the category that we walked away from last year in an effort to spend more and invest more in brand building. We believe going into this season, we will have spending against an optimized driver of demand, which is inclusive of promotions and advertising and consumer promotions. So we think that we're working this season in a much more balanced way.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. It's still early days, Jason, but we are on track with our new products broadly. And our -- the retailers have accepted the products and it's been very positive. So we expect that, that momentum will continue, and the proof is what will the consumer do. So we'll be given an early read on that next quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: I think -- I just came back from Australia and had extensive meetings with the team and the customers there. And I think the consumer environment is still challenged. The consumers' savings rate is probably one of the highest it's ever been, and there is some concern over that. However, the team has recognized that this is an environment that we have to play in probably for a while. And so the joint business plans that we've been able to work with in the marketplace are very encouraging. And so we -- during F '12, we actually continued to invest in brand building and the innovation pipeline, so we believe that we have strong plans going into 2013 that, hopefully, adjust to the situation.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that's part of it. I think the other is we've been pretty conservative on our estimates for our new product innovation. The consumer will let us know if we can be more exuberant.
Denise M. Morrison: For the overall company, though, our total marketing, which will be advertising, consumer and trade promotion, will be about average with the industry.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. A small amount shipped for some shelf stuff with retailers that did their planogramming in the fourth quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that we will always watch price gaps versus private label and competition. Private label in the Soup business has traditionally been about 10 points below the average, so we're not expecting that this would be a huge factor.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. For example, in the beverage business, next year, we'll have a combination of both price and productivity improvements that will lead to an improved EBIT situation there. We also are expecting some lower commodity costs and some stronger enablers that will kick in about the middle of the year. But we have plans on most of the businesses to work the EBIT line.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. We had planned for Slow Kettle to reach a lower ACV distribution than it actually did achieve. And we're planning for our new Go! Soups, Bisques and Skillet Sauces to reach an average amount of ACV distribution that we have seen in the past. And so far, that seems to be the case.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, our marketing expense will be down modestly versus this year. And our A&C expense will be down due to reduced spending on our U.S. Soup, but we will be more than competitive in our share of voice on that business. For our new products, the marketing support will vary, but it will have a mix of TV, print, digital and promotional vehicles, each at competitive levels. And that's how we have planned the year. If they tend to take off in a bigger way, we will subsequently increase the investment.
Denise M. Morrison: Most of the items have really just started shipping. We've shipped some in the fourth quarter and some in -- have been shipping in August. So it usually takes about 3 to 4 weeks to get through the system to be totally on shelf before we actually start the marketing around them.
Denise M. Morrison: It's early days, and again, we just started shipping. So as the year unfolds, we'll have an early read in quarter 1. And then in quarter 2, we should have a much better read on the consumer acceptance of these products and the consumption resulting from that. So I'd rather wait until that point in time than speculate.
Denise M. Morrison: Thank you for your questions. And we'd like to leave you with 4 key takeaways from today's call: first, we reported positive organic sales growth this quarter and finished the year with sales and EBIT consistent with the guidance we gave in July 2011 and EPS slightly ahead of that guidance; second, we told you that for fiscal 2013, we expect 10% to 12% sales growth, 4% to 6% growth from adjusted EBIT and 3% to 5% growth in EPS, including the impact of Bolthouse Farms; third, we plan to continue investing in new product innovation and brand building to optimize all of the drivers of demand; and fourth, we remain excited about the addition of Bolthouse Farms, which offers a growth platform in the faster-growing packaged fresh category and increased scale in healthy beverages. We've made progress for those strategies in fiscal 2012, and while clearly we have more work to do, we believe that the strategies we outlined to you a little over a year ago are starting to gain traction. We look forward to giving you an update on our execution of the strategies next quarter, including the early read on this year's new product launches. Thank you very much for your support of Campbell's in fiscal 2012, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the Barclays Back-to-School Conference in Boston on Wednesday and Thursday.
