Mark Clouse: So yes, good question, Andrew, not surprising either. But I think the first thing I just would say is, as we mentioned today, we feel very good about the execution on pricing so far through the first 2 waves. And then as we mentioned also today, we announced the third wave back in April. And we did that really, as you might remember, in '21, we tended to lag inflation, especially through the first couple of quarters of the year. And we wanted to make sure that we were a bit more nimble going into '22 and really into '23. And so as we saw the projection and the outlook for inflation, we moved very quickly to get the third wave out there. And we've been working through that with customers for really the better part of the last couple of months. And so we've made a lot of progress on that front. And we feel very good about that as well as feeling good about how that sets us up into exiting '22 into '23. I think we also feel very good about the other levers that we have and the progress we're making to help us manage the inflation. Primarily, I would say, the significant step forward in our supply chain, both from a labor standpoint but also from an execution standpoint. Really nice to see the progress coming through that -- that we've been working hard, and certainly, that was an area of opportunity. But as we start to think about our position going into '23, certainly feels much stronger of a foundation. It feels good to have that wave 3 pricing out there and moving. And I think as you start to ask about future and this idea that there is no room for any more pricing, I don't think that's particularly accurate or realistic. I think what is true is that we've got to be incredibly mindful of the consumer dynamics and where consumers are relative to the elasticities that we're experiencing and being quite strategic in our thinking about where there might be pricing and where we're at limits and probably need to think of other tools within the bag to solve for inflation. So I certainly would hate to be sitting here today ruling out that there’s no chance for further pricing. I just think we've got to be very prudent about it. And I think that's a similar sentiment that we're hearing with our retail partners. I think we're collectively wanting to make sure that we're thoughtful about where pricing is possible, where we may be seeing elasticities begin to creep up. We obviously have to be a lot more careful there. And I think one of the topics that's starting to emerge more in these dialogues is, what are you doing to support the brands? Do you have innovation? Are we spending and get on marketing and promotion? And so as you think about our road map going forward, that's going to be an important overlay as well. But I think from where we sit today and things that we can see on the horizon, we feel very good about the position that we're in and how we're going to play through the balance of the year and move into '23. Of course, we'll give you more on that when we see you next quarter. But I think for where we are today, that's probably a good assessment.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Well, I think first off, I just would say that from a Q3 standpoint, just to give you a little bit of a frame of reference, essentially, the quarter came in very consistent where we expected to be as it related to EPS. I think the composition in the quarter, we were a little stronger on top line and maybe a little more pressure on inflation in the middle of the P&L, but generally came in, in a profile that delivered more or less our expectations. I think as you think about what we've put out there for the balance of the year, it kind of lives into that framework or that perspective. And that's how we're anticipating Q4 to play out. I think you raised a good point, which is, all right, there is a range here. What would be the variables that drive the difference? And a lot of this, we think, really will come down to the ability and the speed at which we're going to continue to replenish the inventories that are in market. Demand and elasticity, we're leaving ourselves a little bit of flexibility there. We also want some room to be able to invest in the business as we continue to move through the quarter. The goal in mind is to try to exit the year with good momentum going into fiscal '23. But I think a lot of the variability that you see in that range will depend on just how quickly we recover in a couple of these areas on that top line. I think this kind of mid-single-digit area for kind of that midpoint for top line is a good place to be.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So on the bottom line guidance range, I do think it is linked pretty intrinsically with the top line. So as you move the top line to the higher ends of the range or the lower ends of the range, those tend to coincide pretty directly. So I see that as a little bit more perhaps of where the variability is. I think, again, to reinforce what I said before, I also think that as we've thought about this fourth quarter, we do want to see, as supply comes back in, as our distribution recovers, as we're on a much stronger footing for supply in general, part of this is returning the marketing and the promotion spending to the business so that we're able to continue to drive that strength of equity, especially in face of some of the pricing and elasticities that we're navigating. And so I think giving ourselves a little bit of room there is the smart play right now. And again, the goal in mind is to really try to leave the year in a very positive position as we move into '23. And then Mick, I'll let you answer the second one.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So a lot to unpack there, but a very important question. So what I would start with is just by saying to you that I think and I've said this consistently, and I'll give you a couple of real-time examples, is that our portfolio is very well positioned and resilient as it relates to challenging economic environments, however you might categorize that. And so a lot of times, what we -- the dynamic that we see is -- yes, let's take condensed soup as an example, where we are seeing and expected to see some pressure from private label, you also have significant migration of trading down into the category. So that the overall category growth rates are up pretty significantly. And volumes are holding up very well, even in the face of pricing that can be double digits so far that we've seen. I think what's been new about this or what's been a little bit more unique than maybe what we've seen in the past is where we're experiencing more of the trade down tends to be more in the baby boomer, a little bit older consumer that tends to be a bit more price sensitive. And we're picking up a lot of these new consumers as they are moving into the category. Another great example of that is Chunky. Chunky’s pricing is up mid-teens right now. And what we're learning is, although that seems like a lot of pricing, and it is, but for can of soup, it's still under $3 for a large part of the population trading down into the ready-to-serve soup category becomes a very economic move for them. And that's why on Chunky, we see right now, pricing mid-teens, consumption’s up 14 but units are still up 3%. And our volume was up 8% in the quarter. So you've got a very, very healthy dynamic that exists in several of our brands. And I'd say it's not far off for categories like Prego or Pasta sauce. And even on the snack side, it tends to be a little bit more in the -- I'd say, in the more indulgent spaces, like cookies and some of our salty snacks. But the elasticities have been very, very low. And historically speaking, those are categories that you tend to think of as discretionary, but tend to hold up very well. Remember, backstopping all of this discussion is an overarching migration from away from home into home and the idea that eating at home is one of the enablers to combat pressure as it relates to economic challenges. And so I think, look, it's complicated because every category and brand is a little different. And that's the way you've got to go at this. So it's not as simple as answering it in a broad stroke. But as we look at our portfolio, certainly, we feel very good about how we're positioned today as well as heading in to the environment ahead. And I think certainly, the evidence that we've seen so far is that there's probably even some more reasons to be encouraged than what we would have seen historically. And all of that is caveated with the appropriate amount of vigilance here to make sure that if we do find ourselves in a position where elasticities begin to really accelerate, that we've got the appropriate contingency plans and support plans to navigate through it. So again, there's not a really singular answer for it. But I do think as it relates to Campbell, we feel that we're positioned very well. But we'll, of course, continue to be highly aware of what's going on around us.
Mark Clouse: Sure, Nik. That's great point. I think the first step for us was really -- let me answer the second one first and then I'll come back to the materials question. But I think the first step for us was to make sure that we had the appropriate labor and staffing to run our plants in their current configuration and current state. And so I think the team did an amazing job in a very difficult labor environment to recover on that front and to significantly improve retention. And it's a full kind of toolbox, full of things that were applied to get that job done. And I do think that's an area where we improved quicker than we had even expected. And that really enabled us to begin to get that service and distribution and start to replenish some inventory very quickly. Now with that in place, as we start to operate on a more steady state for the supply chain, it's now an opportunity to go after a lot of these areas of productivity. And some of it is -- I think it's coming from a couple of different areas. I think one of the areas is certainly looking back and saying, okay, where are the inefficiencies that we may have given up over the last year, and how do we build the right road maps to recover that? In many ways, I see that as the easier, the lower-hanging fruit to go after. And I do think you'll see a meaningful productivity profile as we go into the next year to support that. And then secondarily, I think we have not been standing still on capabilities throughout this whole process. And perhaps some of the challenges we faced were maybe biting off a few too many of those initiatives at the same time in the past. But now it's paying dividends, right? So now we have new capacity in place that's more efficient capacity. We've got capabilities where the entire company is on a singular system with SAP now. These are incredibly important aspects in your supply chain that enable you to build future productivity. And so that's why when we say, how do you feel about the inflation coming forward? Yes, pricing is certainly a pivotal component of it. But there are a lot of other variables. And in the end of the day, what we're really trying to do is, honestly, keep prices as reasonable as we possibly can, right? We know the pressure that consumers are feeling. And so the more that we can do on that productivity side, the better off we're going to be. And so the emphasis there and focus there is quite significant. And perhaps this quarter, more than anything else to me, was the proof point of being able to get back on both feet with the supply chain. That's such a critical step in creating the reasons to believe going forward. And I just feel like that's going to be an enabler for us to do a lot of things in the future. As it relates to material availability. So when we talked about supply chain challenges in the third quarter, I would really cut that into 2 buckets. One was the labor and just the network yield, right, the ability to produce out of our existing network enough product to match demand. For the most part, that we've now recovered on or we'll be recovering very shortly through the next months or so. On the other side of supply challenges is material availability. That is far more concentrated into a couple of specific places, probably most notably on both our Prego business as it relates to certain flankers or SKUs and our Beverage business in particular where we continue to really fight for aluminium cans. That continues to be one of the toughest materials to recover from. I don't think it's a endless stream, I think there is light at the end of the tunnel for those. But my guess is that those will probably take us into the better part of '23 to fully recover on those. And then, of course, there's always odds and ends here and there. And I think we've done a very good job of creating some flexibility in packaging and formulation to allow us to not necessarily be solely dependent on single sourcing. But I think at the end of the day, we've got a couple that will probably linger with us while the network more or less fully recovers.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Good question, Jason. So let me first talk a little bit about where sit today. So as we think about the spending profile that we're at, so marketing and sales for the quarter was about 8.8%. And as you've heard me say before, I'm a lot more comfortable with that around 10% -- in the 9% to 10% range depending on a couple of variables relative to -- or innovation and other sources of investments. So there is no question that where we are today, we would want to move up from. I don't think it represents any kind of rebates like we would have experienced, because a lot of that was about repositioning, reframing a lot of categories that we were moving away from or shifting to. This is really about, in the broader scheme of things, the difference between that 8.8% and where we want to move to over time. I think what's important to note is the A&C retraction has really been singularly minded on where the supply is. This is not simply a tool to try to hit profitability. It was really designed to reflect where we just don't have -- didn't have the supply to support. And so shaping demand a bit through pulling back on some of that spending. As you think about or as we think about our future plans, we've contemplated that. And so as we see recovery in supply and supply chain, I would expect to see that number begin to move forward. And again, I don't think it has to be any type of big bang. But I think as we move from 8.8% up the ladder a bit, I think we can begin to do that. And you should expect to see that as part of the ongoing plan as we move forward. Of course, I think that will -- again, it will follow very closely as we recover fully in supply. We do have a robust innovation pipeline we talked about today. So we expect to fully support that. So I guess what I would say is, there's no question there's been a step back. I think really, again, related much more to supply than necessarily trying to target it for savings. But as we move forward, I think, in a very thoughtful and kind of pay-as-you-go mindset, we would expect to see that recovering over the next quarters and certainly into '23.
