Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. In closing, we feel good about how we landed fiscal 2021, amidst the difficult environment. We expect fiscal 2022 will be a complicated transitional year, but I'm confident that with our strong in-market momentum and the progress that we've made, we will successfully navigate through it. I look forward to sharing our view on how we intend to unlock the full growth and value potential of this fantastic Company going forward at our Investor Day on December 14th. With that, we'll now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So let me hit that would head on and maybe a good way to start with it is to give you a little bit of an explanation on Q4 because I know as you unpack with numbers. And again, I think we foreshadowed this, but it's important to remember that in the fourth quarter of '20. We were in a position where we had a significant opportunity to kind of double down and invest in a more significant way, which by the way, I'm very glad that we did because as I've said before, I think it did 2 things; gave us some momentum as we were solidifying relationships with a lot of new consumers, especially millennials. But it also gave us a great opportunity to learn and figure out what was working, what wasn't working, which helped us really dial into the most efficient through the highest returning spends. As you flip to the page to Q4 of '21, you see a significant drop in marketing and selling. But underpinning that, what you have is essentially advertising and marketing that are at about the same level as Q4 '19. And as you've seen our results behind it, and again, arguably always a little bit of a lag. But as you see our results relative to it, I think I feel great about the investment levels overall that we have. And as you think about going into next year, I do think you may see a little bit of movement between the quarters, but overall from marketing spend, I think we're at a good level. We may have a little bit of incremental investment in a couple of areas as we're adding innovation and working through the balance of the year, but it'll be a relatively stable investment year. We're not expecting marketing to be a source of opportunity to offset inflation at all, right? We feel good about the levels we're at and we want to make sure that we continue to refine the effectiveness of it, but we're committed to spending behind the businesses. I mean, I think the last thing in the world we'd want to do is slow down the momentum that we're seeing in-market, because it's certainly been, for us, a bit of an unprecedented period of really broad-based market share expansion and growth in key businesses. And so we want to -- we know long-term coming out of this thing, that's what's going to matter most. And so, we're going to be very guarded on it, even though I recognize on paper Q4 needs a little bit of context. But relative to how we're thinking about it going forward, we're expecting a very stable investment.
Mark Clouse: I'll let Mick walk through kind of our coverage position and then I'll give you a little bit of qualitative view of it. I totally understand the question and there's a little bit of mix here, I would say, of certainty and pragmatic forecast positions as we look at the -- at anticipating some variables that aren't necessarily locked down, but that I think we have a good sense of where we'll likely be.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. And I'd say of that remaining 1/3, as you know, we do have a pretty significant piece of this which is relative to our cans as it relates to steel prices. And so what we're doing there is using a -- and that gets really locked in more at the turn of the calendar year. Although, I do think we have a much clearer picture of the kind of where we are, and our work through that as we sit here today. But we've got an economic forecast that I think is generally consistent with where prices are today. You are right, the resin is another area that we've seen some tick up in cost as well, but I think we've covered that. And again, as we navigate through the balance of the year, I think you should expect us to continue to use the full tool bag to cover that, whether it's some combination of promotion and trade spending, some price pack architecture that we've worked on, as well as the likelihood that there may be some places where we're coming back with a second wave of pricing designed to match very clearly in a very transparent way where we have some of these more explicit costs. I would say, I think that will be much more surgical and specific than the pricing that we already have in place. But I do think, as we look at the outlook, we see a mix of those variables in our plan to help us cover that.
Mark Clouse: Yes. It's definitely been volatile, you're right. In particular, I think we've seen more variability in areas like ocean freight, which was -- had been a bit more stable. And I think that's adding some volatility. But I think as we've -- remember you're also beginning to -- as you go into '22, begin to lap some of the volatility we were experiencing in fiscal '21. And so your comparables do get a little bit easier as the year unfolds. But as we said, as we think about some of these transitional costs in the first half, that's partly why we see a little bit more of that headwind at the beginning of the year as we've tried to be prudent in making the appropriate estimate as it relates to where those costs are going to come in based on how we're seeing them today.
Mark Clouse: It's a great question. I think the first thing I would say is, we definitely have been encouraged by what we're seeing early on as it relates to elasticity. And I think just the -- perhaps the broad-based nature of the inflation is supporting perhaps a little lower than historical levels as it relates to what the elasticities are. I also think that the strength of our brands right now and the momentum relative to businesses, a great example is our Swanson business, which as we've returned supply into the marketplace. As you might remember over the last year or so, we'd lost a lot of share to lower-cost players, which I think for me was going to be an important test for that brand as we came back in the supply. And we've done extremely well on recovering the share that we had surrendered. And so, I do think perhaps my view of where the boundaries are -- have expanded. However, I do think there still are some boundaries. And so, I think although, it's giving us perhaps permission to reflect and continue to do the best job we can in juggling the pressure relative to inflation with wanting to protect the franchises and the brand's long term. I think we've got more room. And I think that although there will be some places where I think we still want to make the right, smart trade-off for the long-term health, there's no question that I am feeling more confident in our ability to carry pricing that I might have initially as we were talking in the third quarter.
Mark Clouse: Yes. We're doing a lot more what I would say, iterative collaboration with suppliers to understand more in real-time what they're seeing so that we can plan appropriately. And so that -- what that implies is that as we've seen the increase occur, our outlook or our reflection on cost for the year includes that. We're not assuming some big relief on steel prices as we go through the year. I do think what we're going to want to do is probably work with suppliers to make sure that we're able to accommodate variability that may be occurring throughout the year. But I think from a planning standpoint, we've taken what I think is probably balanced to conservative in our position. But of course, I think the volatility around, in particular, that cost has been quite significant, as you know. But I think no one's banking on a reversal of that in the current forecast that we've got.
Mark Clouse: You know, it's a good -- so, I would just say we're having, as you would expect, pretty meaningful conversations on that right now. And I think, again, philosophically, my perspective on this is predictability is really the priority, and so I would want to be careful and balanced in our ability to have certainty versus banking on something going in a better direction. So generally speaking, I'm going to want to know what we're dealing with. But I also think you're right. It is certainly somewhat of an unprecedented window. And so how do you think about where there are floors and ceilings to certain things, maybe a conversation that we continue to have. Hopefully, that helps but a little bit of a work in progress. But I think, for now, assuming kind of not a major change, I think is probably a pretty prudent position.
Mark Clouse: So you're in the right ballpark. I'd say a little bit lower as it relates to the full year and back half inflation, and then on pricing, I think as you take all of the variables into account, as we've said before, we're probably somewhere in the middle, single digits in that area. Again, that obviously incorporates a variety of tools, but that's a pretty good assumption relative to where we are.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I think we've looked at the -- it is a set of variables that are in there. Again, we talked a little bit earlier about elasticities and a little bit of growing confidence as it relates to our ability to navigate pricing perhaps without seeing some of the historical levels that would translate necessarily into the 5%. I think you're working a little bit of a couple of different puzzle pieces together. One, we continue to imagine that we'll be investing, we're adding innovation, we are, on the flip side lapping some inventory replenishment that we saw at the beginning of last year. But I think the net of it is, we do expect that to be -- to result in a relatively flat year for top-line, and that's kind of reflected in our ranges. And again, if we -- remember in the backdrop of all this too, Rob is a little bit of the labor situation and how we are going to be able to meet the level of demand and our ability to navigate that. I think we're a lot smarter, a lot more experienced in that now than we were perhaps a year and a half ago when the journey began. But at the same time, again, I would say, consistent with many of my peers, the labor challenges that we're seeing are certainly tougher than I ever remember. And I think the combination of those variables was how we're getting to the outlook. But I don't think we're leaning out on any of those assumptions. I think we've been fair like I said, pragmatic or balanced in our view. But I think there's going to be put and takes. And so although I think you may see pressure downward as it relates to pricing, I think there is likely going to continue to be a catalyst for growth and progress as well. And remember, some of our businesses, especially like our Snacks businesses, have been pretty steady contributors of growth, even though a little bit of the ups and downs as we've been navigating the pandemic. So, I think there's going to be a mix of variables, but I think where we've kind of pegged that's probably about right.
Mark Clouse: Yes. The way I would think about plotting that course is gaining traction through Q1. Taking a little bit of time to get that fully reflected well in place as we go through Q2, I do think you'll see efforts for us to balance the step up if you will, in inflation as we get to the back half. But I do think you may see a little bit more pressure there. But remember, you've got several tailwinds as you're getting to the back half of the year. So I think the ability to still show that sequential progress in margins as we get to the back half of the year, even with those assumptions relative to inflation, I think still will be positive.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So that will be a prime topic of discussion. When I see you get -- when I see you guys in December, but here's what I can tell you. I continue to believe very strongly in the potential for us to improve margins on Snacks. And for us to continue to close or reduce the gap between where we are today, and where we see ourselves relative to kind of Snacks margin averages. I think as time goes on. we continue to get better clarity and a better understanding of the building blocks and the variables that will help us get there. And at the same time, I just would say that as you're looking at the here and now, if you think about where we started the journey to where we find ourselves, there's probably somewhere around 150 basis points of margin that I would call just transitional costs that are dampening some of the productivity and savings that we've been generating over the last several years. Part of it is as planned investments, a part of the -- of offsets to the productivity has been -- or the value capture has been planned investments in both the infrastructure and in marketing in some cases. But I think beyond that, we're probably looking at about 150 like I said, basis points that are dampening the baseline. And then as we project forward, I think what you're going to see is a combination of building blocks that will help us build off of that adjusted base. And hopefully, in December, I'll be able to give you greater confidence, and what those look like. I know we've been kind of dripping that out for several quarters now. But it'll be good to kind of get to the December period and I think I felt like it was important to kind of keep playing through a little bit of this short-term kind of transitional pressure as we get ready for that conversation. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of how we're looking at it and then how we're thinking about the future.
