Doug Conant: Well, Alexia, I think the way to view this in a broader context is that the most important thing we've noted related to ready-to-serve soup is that our own promotional spending was down versus the prior year quarter and that has the most pronounced effect on our performance. We also track an evoked set of roughly 10 categories where we have high interaction. And within that set, we did see a step-up in our second quarter, and I think as we go forward, we'll be in a better position to enable you to get more visibility into it. But we track 10 categories an evoked set, high interaction and there was a step-up in promotional spending on that blended set. I won't get into the specific categories. The biggest -- the most notable change was that our promotional spending in the quarter was stepped back and is anticipated, obviously, to be stepping forward in the second half of the year, in the third and fourth quarter.
Doug Conant: Basically, Alexia, cooking and eating are about 50/50 in our portfolio. And I think you'll see that kind of relationship as we go forward with our activity.
Doug Conant: Well, I think, I’d come back, I believe the biggest single changes that we promoted less in the second quarter than we did in the prior year and that's where we saw the most pronounced drop. It explains the biggest part of the variance. We are in the process of fine tuning our history on this evoked set, so I don't want to, I'm not going to get into it now. Our sense is that if there was a step-up in this quarter, I don't have it going back as deep as I’d want to right now.
Doug Conant: Well, I would note that, we have a history of competing in ready-to-serve soup that gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to compete in ready-to-serve and in broth for that matter. And we have a tailwind that we believe with condensed soup. So you put it all together and we have high confidence, obviously in our performance, in our ability to performance soup, obviously our guidance anticipates improved performance. Our sales historically split about 55/45 as a company and we’re talking and we basically have flat sales in the first half and we're providing guidance that's 2.5% to 3.5% for the full year, and we're saying there's really no change in currency. So there's an expectation of very strong sales performance in the second half and we're making a point that we expect very improved performance relative to the first half in U.S. soup. So I -- we can talk all we want about it. Now the challenge is to perform. And we have a lot of confidence in our ability to perform in the second half so that, Eric, it's an 18% drop for a major category and in any category, typically, as you know, is due to some promotional timing changes. Things just don't happen that quickly in terms of fundamental trend and we just have to get back on the horse again.
Doug Conant: Okay. Andrew. First of all -- and we covered some of this at CAGNY. We see soup as being highly relevant. Per capita declines that had been announced in the 1990s have now fully stabilized. I've been doing this now for nine years and we have -- we've been able to bring enough innovation and relevance back to the category to make it very viable and competitive. For nine years, we've been talking about condensed. We have it today. And we are talking about a massive re-launch of condensed soup next year and solid performance of condensed soup this year. We have good performance in broth and soup. So in over half of our soup portfolio there is great news and great promise. We have had a hiccup in ready-to-serve soup with a promotional timing shift. And that's when I believe the issue is and we have great visibility into promotional planning for the second half of the year. If we had concerns about soup, we obviously would have probably had to change our guidance, we don't. So we see it being very relevant. It's still the number two item at launch. It is still in the top 10 at dinner. It's still is the highest unit volume in the entire center of the store for simple meals and none of that has changed. We focused on being very competitive within the soup category, as we would compete with private label and other branded players, and quite frankly, we're doing that pretty well this year. And if there's something that I would challenge us for, it's that we were so focused on competing within soup that we didn't adequately take into account the increased competitive activity beyond soup in this broader simple meal category. We make that mistake once. We won't make it again, and because I don't want to have another call like this, so--
Doug Conant: Well, obviously a way to think about our soup business Andrew, as if it's in the first half, second half, it's about two-thirds of our sales are in the first half. A third of the sales are in the second half roughly. And obviously there are more sales in the third quarter than there are in the fourth quarter and obviously, we're promising pretty good sales growth out of soup. In order to have that happen, it has to probably happen in the third quarter. So obviously, we're pretty bullish about it. We also have our -- we have a clear line of sight into the programming for the second half of the year. So we're confident in our ability to compete in soup, in ready-to-serve and we've got a great runway in front of us. In fact, I can hardly wait till I have my numbers from the second quarter this year, next year. You guys will be calling us geniuses.
Doug Conant: Think about ready-to-serve, we're in this for the long haul and we needed to reposition our ready-to-serve portfolio for the long-term growth. And the way we focused on doing that was by improving the health and wellness could answer to that portfolio, and we did it in two stages. We did Select to Select Harvest last year and we're doing it with Chunky, and we did it with Chunky this year. So we're setting the table for a strong health and wellness proposition in ready-to-serve soup. Again, for the long haul. Our promotional planning is not just our promotional planning alone but we do that with customers. Customers have different promotional plans as well. And so the promotional plans we've put in place reflected kind of the timing that our customers thought was most valid and our customers, quite frankly, as was noted on an earlier call, are really rethinking the way they are promoting. So we have to address that and move forward. The other piece, I would talk about in terms of this health and wellness platform. If you were to look at our, as a lead indicator, our performance in an increasingly large segment of our business, Healthy Request, you would see that the Healthy Request Chunky piece is growing nicely. So we see that as we get to the stronger health and wellness platform, we have several leading indicators that suggest we're on the right track. We just have a huge portfolio that we have to move over time and we're doing it in pieces. I don't think it's more complicated than that.
Doug Conant: I have absolutely no concerns about it. And we're built to compete with any simple meal. There's a clear reason that the soup category is the largest, fastest turning simple meal category in the store. And we are the leaders of the category; we can compete with condensed, we can compete with ready-to-serve and we can compete with broth. We just have to get the right success formula as the market evolves. And we have numerous opportunities in front of us to do that and I have no concerns about our ability to compete. To pick one quarter that's down 18% on ready-to-serve, when we could be celebrating that condensed is actually starting to show volume growth, which was a concern last year at this time, is just -- it's just premature. We've demonstrated the ability of this category to grow and grow in a very healthy way for an extended period of time and there's insufficient evidence to suggest that it won't continue to grow. But obviously we have to be more competitive and we will. We've got the margin structure. We've got the ability to compete. We've got the products. We've got the right category. We just have to be more effective competitors in this broader simple meal frame. As I said before, if we're guilty of anything, it was guilt -- we were guilty of focusing on competing in soup too much and not driving the category enough in this last quarter. But that's -- if there's anything we're guilty of, in my opinion, that's it.
Doug Conant: Well, as you know we're, we're not at a point where we talk about the channels but I think we're just going to have to stick with net sales are the best indicator. What I can tell you is that there's no evidence of any inventory build, either in our warehouses or in our retail warehouses. So you're seeing a pretty clean read from the net sales performance.
Doug Conant: Well, we knew that promotional timing was going to shift because we have major promotions with certain customers which have to kind of go at their schedule, not ours. And so we knew the promotional timing was, was going to shift. But we don't provide any other guidance on --
Doug Conant: Well, I think you have to look at this. When we get into advertising spending, you have to look at it beyond the quarter. We just – we have a major re-launch with Chunky, where we're repositioning it beyond the NFL to a broader audience with a new message and we never expected this program to have immediate attraction in the first eight weeks of the advertising. It takes time to take a soup eating habit and help it evolve with our consumers. So we still have a lot of heart for what we're doing with Chunky in particular, but we just have to give it time to -- for the repositioning to get traction. And we're comfortable that it will. At the same time, we have to recognize that while we're trying to get traction with the advertising, we also have to be appropriately competitive with the promotion. It's pretty clear to us that in the second quarter we weren't. So that's what we have to address in the back half of this year as we go forward. It's just a question of recalibrating ourselves to deal with the competitive realities of the day, mostly in categories beyond soup because we have full visibility, as broad visibility as one can have within the soup category and feel very competitive on that front. In fact Chunky, as we see it, is the best performing ready to serve soup outside of private label, which is up only modestly. So the issue is not within soup, it's beyond soup and we just have to lift our game up, which we'll do.
Doug Conant: I think -- quite frankly, I think we're reading too much into this. We didn't have the right promotions, we want it the right price other things where they bought other things during the holidays as they were focusing on getting great values from in-store circulars and we didn't have a presence there that was adequate. There's no reason that we can't, it's that simple.
Doug Conant: It really is. And to read anything more into it in the quarter, we ought to talk about it at the end of the year and see how we hold up and look at it in the fullness of time here. But I'm comfortable we'll find our way through this. I believe that simply we didn't have the right promotional profile in the quarter and other, other compare more other items did and so we have to recalibrate and move on.
Doug Conant: Well, yeah. We -- it starts with a very unusual year ago, when we had the financial meltdown and everyone was concerned about what's going to happen in the economy and in consumer products and in consumer foods and in our case in soup. And we were in the middle of a major relaunch of really the weakest part of our ready-to-serve portfolio, which was our select portion. Where we competed directly with Progresso and we needed to relaunch that business and we had a major relaunch of select as select harvest in the first quarter. And it carried on into the first half and our focus was on getting that part of our portfolio well-positioned on the health and wellness front versus other alternatives within soup and we successfully did that. And incidentally, select is well above, in double-digits where it was two years ago before we did that relaunch. So we're holding on to a lot of those gains. That was the focus last year. This year, it was to improve the health and wellness credentials get the largest part of our portfolio in ready-to-serve well-positioned to compete in the long-term. And that was Chunky, where we went to a stronger wellness positioning, which was broadened a bit to still target men, but also to target families with teens. And so we planned on spending early to establish the awareness of that program and we did that in the second quarter with advertising, but we did for a variety of reasons, we didn't have the right promotional profile to help that advert -- to work with the advertising to make that proposition strong enough to be competitive in the second quarter. As some of our promotional partners we are choosing to pursue promotions of our products in other quarters. And so we just are in the process of navigating that now and obviously expect a much better third quarter than we had second quarter. And I -- as we ramp up the third quarter, I think we'll be having a different conversation and we'll be looking at this on a year-to-date basis in a much more comfortable way. But we just missed the promotional boat on Chunky in the second quarter. And that's the key challenge. As I said, select harvest versus two years ago with the relaunch is up. Our Healthy Request portfolio versus two years ago is up. Our reduced sodium and lower sodium products continue to have good traction in the market, they are up. Our condensed portfolio is showing its strength, it's up. Our broth portfolio is showing its strength over two years ago, it's up. And so overall we feel very good about soup, but it has been an unusual two years. And we just have to play through a hiccup in the second quarter on ready-to-serve. But overall, we feel very good about the performance of the business.
Doug Conant: I don't -- I have not seen any of evidence that's the case. The soup category continues to be larger than any of the other simple meals category in the center of the store. If that was the case, our condense soup buy and wouldn't be up or broth volume wouldn't be up. So I…
Doug Conant: Well, I think it's too early to call on the back of -- on the back of one quarter. Our Chunky business was up in the first quarter. Our select harvest business is up versus two years ago when we relaunched it. Our broth business is up, which is plays into ready -- interacts with ready-to-serve as well as condensed soup, which also interacts with ready-to-serve. I just think it, it's way premature to make any judgments on the ready-to-serve category based on one quarter. All that having been said, clearly we got to have cold eyed reality here, and it was a bad quarter. And it should be -- we expect it to be significantly better in the back half of the year. And I think somebody talked about beating a dead horse. I think we're pretty well there. I wish I could say more, I'm very comfortable. Our soup business is very solid, very strong and growth is very promising. We're the only ones with condensed soup in the -- only branded condensed soup alternative. And we're well-positioned to really drive the growth in that business, continue to drive the growth in broth and get back on the horse in ready-to-serve. There's -- we're very comfortable with where we are.
Doug Conant: Well, we don't have good visibility in the pantry action for the quarter. The pantry information we do have suggests that there's not a lot of change. I don't expect there's going to be a lot of change in the quarter. I think we just have a hiccup on promotional timing. We'll see, there's no evidence that they are shopping dramatically different in soup out of their pantry. So but we'll see. It -- by the time we have our third quarter call we should have our second quarter pantry information pretty well in hand and be able to talk about it in a fact based way.
Doug Conant: Absolutely. The whole CAGNY discussion was really about the strategic direction of the portfolio and the company. It wasn't about – it wasn't to discuss the second quarter. And we view this as a journey to improve our competitiveness with ready-to-serve and with our whole soup portfolio versus other simple meals. And so the conversation at CAGNY was all about improving both the numerator and the denominator in that equation. We have to have the bundle of benefits stronger and we have to have them available at the right price point in order to make this work. And so what we talked about at CAGNY was continuing to improve the health and wellness benefits of both Chunky and Select Harvest and in fact broth as well, as well as condensed soup. And as we improve – we believe as we improve the health and wellness benefits and improve our cost structure, we're going to be able to also improve our competitiveness in terms of our price points. So this is a long-term journey to make ourselves more competitive beyond soup. We're actually very competitive in soup. The challenge now is to make the soup category more attractive long-term, with stronger benefits, stronger positioning, more competitive pricing and with the wherewithal to do that. So the speech at CAGNY was all about the long-term vitality of the category. And as to when it starts, it starts now. We've strengthened the numerator in terms of our benefits with Select Harvest, with Chunky, with Healthy Request, with our broths, with condensed. Now we got to make sure we've got it available at the right price point to compete in this broader simple meals frame of reference, which we will do. And it will start now and it will continue as we go forward.Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research: Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Doug Conant: The most pronounced change was by far on ready-to-serve.Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay. All right, great. Thank you very much.
Craig Owens: Yeah. Let me ask Anthony to give us some facts. But I -- as he's looking for the numbers, let me just say that broadly. Yes, there is some positive benefit as we shift to condense inside of the U.S. business there. On the other hand, and that we had a strong delivery from our international business and from some of our businesses outside of soup, that's probably a slightly negative mix impact in the total. And I think the primary driver, as we said, is really around productivity improvement across the whole segment and significantly lower growth in inflation. Anthony, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Craig Owens: I think we've seen -- actually I think we've seen small movements across a lot of categories. Grain prices, while we knew they were going to be lower or probably even lower than where we are in the forecast at the time. Directionally, as I said in the comments on the quarter, vegetables, tomatoes and canned prices are helping push inflation up a little bit in the quarter but probably not at the same rate that we had in our original, in our original forecast. So it's not some dramatic turnaround or directional shift but really just somewhat more moderate numbers across the range.Ed Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Craig Owens: I think maybe your reference point is, particularly as we've talked about maybe the first quarter versus prior year, we talked about the fact that in the prior year, we had relatively front loaded spending because we were introducing three new lines and it's so relative to the prior year that we, that our spending had in fact shifted farther into the, into the season and less, less at the very beginning of the first quarter.
Craig Owens: I -- the answer is yes. The spending, overall spending was down but as we reported, impressions, advertising impressions were up because we got the benefit of the deflation and media rates and the benefits of our media mix. So we were -- we spent less but we got -- we had more impact.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: But the question really refers to -- I hadn't heard you mention this yet and I was hoping you could touch on pantry trends with the consumer. I know you guys have the proprietary data and it lags a good bit behind the actual answer. So even though you probably don't have an answer in hand, you didn't make any mention of the fact that the consumer may simply have stocked up less on soup for maybe economic reasons or something like that and there could be somewhat of a pantry answer kind of going on in the quarter. Maybe I'm reaching, but I would really like to hear your thoughts on that.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: That would be reason then why you are particularly optimistic about this coming third quarter, because the comp, I hate to use these words, but for clarity, it's an easy comp.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment: And we're going to go one at a time and we'll see what happens next quarter. But I totally understand where you're coming from. Thank you, Doug.
