Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thank you, Candice, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2015. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Anna Choi, Senior Manager of Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. The call is open to the media who participate in listen-only mode. Today, we'll be making forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two in our presentation, or to our SEC filings for a list of the factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. In the third quarter, the company incurred charges associated with our recently announced initiatives to implement a new enterprise design that better aligns with our strategy, reduces cost and streamlines organizational structure. The company commenced a voluntary separation program and recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $9 million related to the program for severance and benefit related costs. The company also recorded pre-tax charges of $9 million in administrative expenses related to the implementation of these initiatives. The aggregate after tax impact of the restructuring charges and implementation cost was $11 million or $0.04 per share. Our comparisons of fiscal 2015 with 2014 will exclude those items impacting comparability. Because we used non-GAAP measures, we've provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. Before we begin our discussion of the quarter, I'd like to cordially invite our sell-side analysts and institutional investors to our annual investor day at Campbell's World Headquarters. RSVP's are required. Campbell vendors and all others are invited to join by webcast. This year's event will be held the afternoon of Wednesday, July 22. We plan to make it a very informative day for you, featuring presentations by Denise Morrison, Anthony DiSilvestro and our three divisional presidents. We'll include updates on our plans for the company, the three divisions and our cost savings programs, and will also allow plenty of time for interacting with management. So with that, let me turn the call over to Denise Morrison.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks Anthony and Denise. We'll start our Q&A session. Since we have a limited time, out of fairness to other callers please ask only one question at a time.
Jennifer K. Driscoll: Thanks David and thanks everyone for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available for you about two hours after the call concludes. You can go online to see that or call 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1654351. You have until June 5, 2015 at midnight, at which point, we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News and Favorites. Mark it in your favorites. Just click on Recent Webcasts and Presentations. If you have further questions, please call me, Jennifer Driscoll, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. We hope to see many of you at our Investor Day July 22nd. That concludes today's program and you may now disconnect.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. Let me take the first one on the trade spending. I want to go back in particularly to U.S. soup. And I'm going to go back to the year 2013, where we actually increased our – we were actually operating our trade at a certain rate, and we had a 14% lift in sales. In 2014, we increased that by about 3%, and our sales were flat. So our analytics suggested that that was not a good spend, and there were many unproductive promotions out there that weren't doing the retailer any good, or us any good. So we course-corrected that in 2015 in the quarter, and went back to the same rate we were spending in 2013. We are still within the ACT of 25%, which is our goal, and that strategy really hasn't changed. But that said, we continue to be much more disciplined in our analytics on every dollar we're spending out there and the return we're getting for that and that will continue into the future. On Arnott's and Pepperidge Farm, they definitely are different. We have been expanding the Arnott's brand beyond Australia, into Southeast Asia, and particularly Indonesia, and also in Asia, in Hong Kong. Pepperidge Farm's been expanding more into Canada, and where we are seeing the synergies is in R&D. There's a lot of sharing going on in that area, but by putting the Pepperidge Farm, Arnott's and Kelsen brands together in one division, we expect that part of that will be a global brands team that will start to look at, now that we have platforms in these countries, how can we expand with the brands that we have to take advantage of that scale? So more to come on that, but that's the plan.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, Matt, I think that what we've been paying very close attention to is consumption and market share. And to give you some idea of that, our consumption was down 1% for the quarter. Condensed was down 1%. RTS was down 2%. RTS Premium was up 28%. Slow Kettle was up 50%. And so, we're continuing to see stability in the category, and in our performance in the category. So that's what we've been paying attention to, as opposed to excess inventory driven by promotion spending, or the latter effect.
Denise M. Morrison: The 25% ACT is about the average in CPG. So we keep that as a guardrail. But the divisions will work with all the drivers of demand to figure the right mix for the brands that they are responsible for. In this quarter, we actually did have an increase in advertising by about 8%. With 11% in constant currency dollars. But that mostly went toward the Biscuit and Snacks business in both the United States and in Australia. There was a reduction in advertising and consumer in the Simple Meals business.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, I don't either. I think that I can address the fewer-bigger, though, because we have still had a disproportionate amount of line extensions that – things like soup for easy cooking that just haven't contributed meaningfully. And it's created some complexity in our supply chain. So what we've been doing is really focusing on a fewer, bigger platforms like the dinner sauces, like the organic food, like the Slow Kettle, that we can build and will have a meaningful contribution. We're going to try some things that aren't going to work. The trick is to catch them early and move on.
Denise M. Morrison: I mean, I call them green shoots. Not waving the victory flag yet. But we are again seeing really positive signs from the new V8 Veggie Blends, and the impact that's having on our vegetable juice. Our Splash business is strong. Our single-serve business did pretty well in the quarter. Where we've been hit is the V8 V-Fusion, and we're just dealing with that one.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, I think it is fair to say that the – a couple years ago, the simple meals business was in a hole, and we've gotten to the point where we've gotten stability in consumption and market share over the past two years. Now we've got to get to profitable growth. That said, that's going to be moderate, based on where that category is, and where it plays today. We do anticipate margin expansion in that division as well, so that's the portfolio role that Americas Simple Meals and Beverages will play.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. I think overall we're very pleased with our acquisitions of Bolthouse Farms and Plum Organics. We bought both of them to drive growth, and they are delivering the growth. Bolthouse Farms gets us into the Packaged Fresh category, where we can continue to build and bring new capabilities to that space. They have a great team, and Plum Organics, also a great team, is a window to millennial parents, and has taught us a lot about organic food, and really different ways of connecting with the next generation of consumers. So from a strategic standpoint and a performance standpoint, we're very pleased with both of these acquisitions.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. We have not had reports of reduction of shelf space on our mainstream brands. We really believe that the inventory movements that we've talked about were movements in warehouse inventory due to buying less cases because of a reduction in promotion spending. And then, on the second part of the question. One of the things we experienced in the quarter was, we were cycling the relaunch of Campbell's Homestyle RTS, where we had a huge ACT spend against that brand, and obviously we did not repeat those levels of spending this time around.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah, I think we've made good progress, in terms of the reshaping of our portfolio and pushing into faster-growing spaces with the three acquisitions that we made, and with the divestiture of the Europe Simple Meals business. I do believe that we need more M&A. Although, we're very willing to be patient because deals need to create shareholder value. And so, we're very disciplined in our approach there.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Rob, I'll just add to Denise's comment on the first part. We're not going to comment too specifically on 2016 but we are very focused on improving our gross margin over time and we recognize part of that program has to come from net price realization, and to me, there are three areas we'll be looking at. One is, we'll continue to look for opportunities to improve our list price realization. We'll continue to drive our analytics to improve the efficiency of our trade spend, whether that's removing unprofitable deals or improving the profitability of others. And we'll also look for strategic opportunities to move up our promoted price points over time. So, those three things collectively will contribute to price realization, which will hopefully contribute to gross margin expansion.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, Andrew, I would say, relative to our own expectations, gross margin was only slightly better than we expected in the third quarter, and that's kind of flown through to the change in guidance. At the end of the second quarter, we did anticipate and did expect to improve gross margin percentage in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. So, we do continue to anticipate a modest improvement in gross margin percentage in the fourth quarter as well, to get back to that, close to that minus 1 point forecast that we gave you guys.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: That's a really challenging question to answer. Obviously, we don't control the level of retailer inventory levels. We do see that they're down relative to last year. And I would say, if they follow their typical pattern and get close to where they were at the end of the fourth quarter last year that would imply some tailwind for us on soup sales in the fourth quarter. But, again, that one is really hard for us to project.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, I'd say, on Soup, that the consumption has actually held up a little bit better than we had anticipated, given the reduction in trade promotion.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, we think it's more about what happened last year, and what happened in the third quarter last year. We increased quite significantly the amount of trade promotion in U.S. soup. And, quite frankly, it did not result in the lifts we had expected, and it resulted, therefore, in higher inventory levels at retail. And all we're doing is kind of wrapping that. So this is more about what happened last year than what's happening this year.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No. Total marketing, advertising, consumer and trade is down a bit in aggregate, compared to last year.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, I wouldn't read it that way. I think your first part of your question was right, is that the consumption has held up better than we expected, but the change in retailer inventory levels was more than we expected.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think what we're seeing is a relatively big benefit from our cost management efforts, so earlier in the year, we had put some restrictions on hiring. We had put some restrictions on discretionary spending, and then later in the year we started our $200 million cost reduction initiative and we're seeing some early benefit from that, but I think you put those two things together and we're doing a bit better on the cost management side. A lot of that's coming through the G&A line. Some of it's coming through marketing overhead and we're just seeing a little bit, doing a little bit better on the cost side than we had originally anticipated.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, if I can just add to that to give a slightly, the other side, is we've seen a little bit of margin pressure in some of these businesses, and are taking actions as you can see. In Bolthouse Farms there's been a little more trade pressure and this quarter we did dial back on trade to improve the profitability, so it's been a little bit of pressure on the margin there. And in Plum, we're going through a more extensive integration of some of the back and front-office operations to improve the profitability of that business going forward, as well.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I think it's important on the promotional spending, if you step back, in aggregate, we spend somewhere around $1.5 billion on trade promotion in a year. Overall, we feel that it's an effective spend and that we're getting a return. When we talk about the changes, we're talking about this $50 million reduction. Again, it's $1.5 billion. So, we're at the edges of it and we continued to try to improve the effectiveness of that spend. We drive our analytics to look for opportunities to reduce unprofitable trade deals. We look for opportunities to increase the effectiveness of trade deals. We look for opportunities to increase the promoted prices over time. So I think we're talking about relatively minor refinements to the overall bigger program.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Just one more comment on the shelf space and stickiness question. As Denise mentioned most of that gain has to do with extension of our premium offering, and our Slow Kettle business is growing well above double digits in the marketplace. So, we feel really good about the velocities we're seeing on that business. And, as you know, we've just launched a line of organic soups into that premium section, as well. It's still early days on the organic thing, but we feel really good about the ACV distribution and shelving we've achieved to date on that one. So, we feel really good about our premium offering in Soup, on shelf.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, so let me take those one at a time. I can't quantify specifically on the $200 million. It gets a bit complex. But what I can tell you, that between the cost retainment efforts that we had in place before the $200 million initiative, and inclusive of the $200 million initiative, we've probably saved somewhere around $15 million in the quarter. Now, when we get to Analyst Day, we'll try to parse that apart, because we're still going through the analysis now to figure out, well, how much is due to the change in travel policy, for example, or consultant policy, relative to the restrictions we had in place already on discretionary spending and head count? So it gets a bit difficult to do that. And we'll try to do that for you when we get to Analyst Day, and we'll try to give you an outlook, looking ahead across the three years, at what rate do we expect to realize the $200 million? On the incentive comp, just to give you kind of order of magnitude. If I take you all the way back to the beginning of the year, we said that incentive compensation would be a $0.09 headwind. Now we're saying it's a $0.04 headwind. That nickel is still hanging out there for next year. Probably a way to think about it.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, let me give you a couple of components I think should help you. The one thing to remember is that last year has the extra week, right? So if you go back to the $0.49 that we reported on an adjusted basis, there's $0.08 in there that we've quantified as the extra week. The other thing we've said is that $0.04 compensation headwind all sits in the fourth quarter, and there's probably another $0.01 of currency. So there's $0.13 of decline for you year-on-year.
