Mark Clouse: Thank you, Mick. This is a unique moment for Campbell and the entire food industry. How will this crisis impact consumer behavior in terms of the food they eat, where they eat it, and how they shop for it? What changes are episodic and what changes are structural? These are questions that we are focused on addressing as we work our way through the fourth quarter and plan for the upcoming fiscal year, including anticipating the various scenarios and ensuring our supply is ready and in place to meet that demand.  I’d like to leave you with four clear thoughts on the business. One, we are executing very well while remaining safe, and we expect to continue to do so. Two, the actions we have taken over the last year to focus the portfolio and organization, reduce debt, and return resources to core brands was critical for our preparedness to react to this crisis. Three, this environment does not require a change in strategy for the company. In fact, it has materially advanced our strategy of building relevance in our classic, core brands, while accelerating growth in our differentiated snack brands. Finally, we expect the primary consumer and retail trends discussed earlier to continue going forward. Consumers seeking comfort food, while still wanting wholesome food from brands they can trust; quickscratch home cooking; an increased focus on value; and the acceleration of on-line shopping and marketing. As I said earlier, all of these trends are very much aligned with our portfolio and capabilities. I am confident that we are prepared to make the most of a tough situation and ensure that Campbell is well-positioned in this new world. Thank you for your time this morning. This concludes our prepared remarks. Our live Q&A call will begin at 8:30 AM Eastern this morning.
Mark Clouse: Yes, it's -- absolutely it is a balancing act. I do think though, what is really the name of the game for us right now, if we think about the ability to take what is such a unique opportunity. And if you think about the strategy of the company, especially on brands like soup, essentially our strategy was to try to build relevance, attract our lapsed users and open the door to younger households coming into the franchise. And as we said in our remarks, that's exactly what has occurred in this current moment.  And so, I do -- I don't want to overdramatize the moment but in thinking about kind of a once in certainly a long period of time opportunity, we want to make sure that we solidify the relationship with these consumers and households.  Now, I do think that is different than incenting purchase-only. So you may not see the same level of promotional support that we've had historically. But I do think where we're talking about usage, quality and differentiation of our products, how we're thinking about building equity, how we're communicating with consumers in different and relevant ways based on which cohort it is we're working with, whether it is kind of the textbook comfort food that's associated with many of our products or whether it's a fantastic recipe idea targeting a younger household on different media and digital formats that explain how to make risotto with tomato soup, which has been one of the really -- interestingly very, very high demand, a recipe we've seen.  And I think the goal here is to not miss that opportunity to drive the equity and connection while not necessarily just spending into selling more product. And part of this equation also is not us in isolation, right? We're in a moment of probably the greatest level of collaboration I've certainly seen in our industry in a long time with our retail partners.  So what we want to do is work together. We obviously don't want to be pushing things that are going to create frustration or disappointment in their consumers -- their consumers and our consumers. But I do think there is a way to kind of thread this needle a bit and try to do everything we can to retain, while also not over aggravating the situation. So I don't know Ken if that gives you a context, but that's -- that is really how we're thinking about it.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think Ken what we try to do is -- and of course, this is kind of some new muscle groups that we're all building where you've got such materiality of variables that can change the outlook. But our feeling was, let's take a set of assumptions that we feel are best informed by what we're seeing today and what we believe the future will hold. And then let's create some sensitivities around those for different circumstances. And those sensitivities then kind of frame up if you will of low side, high side that we use to try to predict it.  And in this particular case, because we're essentially with two months left of a three month quarter to finish the year, I did feel a greater sense of obligation to try to give a better view of that world while recognizing that there are some things that are tough to predict. So, I don't think we -- and to answer your question a little more directly, I don't think we ever want to try to put ourselves in a position where we don't have flexibility to react to certain variables that we can’t see.  So we're always going to try to manage it in that way. But I will tell you, there are scenarios where the guidance would not look conservative. And there are certainly scenarios where it possibly could be. But I think, what we're trying to do is kind of give you our best effort.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think it's early innings in really trying to process the data and the projection of where we're going as it relates to the shelf. But I do believe that what we're going to want to do is make sure -- and this is -- and this would be true in many categories that are building or that have grown relevance. We want to really understand how to utilize that space in the most effective way. And that's inclusive of supporting retailers as many are dealing with the realities of their shelf being both a reflection of what the retail shopping experience looks like, while also the online click and collect environment as in essence becomes a bit of the warehouse, if you will, for that approach to shopping. And so, we have tackled a pretty extensive and very detailed work to try to put our best foot forward in collaboration with customers to try to really identify where that goes. Now, the good news is, our knowledge and our understanding of the innovation platforms that we're planning were very much a part of that. And I think that as we look at the future forward, what you're more likely to see is not necessarily us not moving forward with innovation, although in fairness there will be perhaps some platforms that come a little later than others just because of some delay, as you think about in plant trials and so forth, as you go through this unique environment we've been and although we're certainly getting that back online and moving forward. But I think that will be part of that assessment. So I don't expect it to stop us from bringing what we believe to be relevant, especially as we're talking about some of these new consumers, where we know things like convenience and sipping and some of the flavor, the better-for-you platforms that we've talked about in the past, as being at the heart of where that innovation is going to come from, I think very much remains relevant and will be part of it. But we may have to answer the question of do we need item number 30 or 40 in some of the tails of our businesses. If you look at our ready-to-eat portfolio, I've talked about this before and actually if you look at our share loss in the third quarter, which I'm sure someone will get to that in a bit, but the reality is that a large portion of that is in that tail of ready-to-serve. So these are some items that we've made the decision perhaps in the short-term to rationalize and we need to really think about longer term what the right answer is.  And then I'm going to give you a little bit of a tongue in cheek answer here, Bryan. But the other thing is, we've got a couple what is performing and behaving like new products in our core. Now, I'm going to stop short of calling condensed soup a new product launch, but that is the way we're trying to behave. We're thinking about now in a world where households are using this for the first time, how do we really support it as if we’re in this kind of year two of new product launches and let's not jump so quickly to the new item if we think there's real opportunity to continue to build the relevance and the repeat rate in these new households on products that may have been old, but it's new to them. And I think that's a big part of our strategy too.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And we have a pretty decent mechanism for surveying that to get a bit more of a quantitative view of it. And the numbers that we're seeing are very healthy levels. And in fact, in some areas we may be given the time of year we are a little bit heavier on inventory levels in the pantry on things like soup. But also given the underlying consumption and demand, if you were to equalize, let's call it, days of supply or weeks of supply in the pantry, in most cases it's going to be below where it's been historically. We do not believe that we're in a situation where at some point the line is going to be snapped and we're going to be deloading pantries. That's just not what the numbers are supporting. So I think we're in pretty good shape there. And again, I think we'll probably talk at some point about a little bit of the slowdown in recent weeks that we've seen in consumption and demand. And part of it is us racing to try to rebuild some inventory. And a lot of people have asked, as we've talked about internally, well, how do you know that's happened? What's the evidence that there is an outrunning of demand to supply? And I think you see it in really in two ways.  The most obvious is the shipment and the orders that we're getting. So, as you watch the third quarter roll forward, we really had -- from essentially March to April, we've really not had any variation in the order demand. As we -- let me just take a second to explain this. So in the beginning, right, we were hit in many ways the hardest with demand. And we did a really good job. I mean I'm incredibly proud of the supply chain. And even though we're talking about constraints. Remember this is a supply chain that was supporting businesses that had been relatively flat to declining for the better part of the last decade. Now we're reacting to 40%, 50% increases. Building that muscle group has taken a little bit of time, but I really am incredibly impressed and proud of the team and what they've done.  But that initial surge we did very well. If you see it in our share, you see it in the consumption. But as we went through that really first phase, we depleted a lot of inventory. And we've now been in the process of recovering. So, part of what we know is that, that shipment request has not gone down at all, it's really been more about us working with customers to get it right.  The second area and where you can see it as in TDP. So if you want a more external quantification of where that impact is, you can look at the trending of TDP declines from the beginning of the crisis to where we are now. And essentially what you'll see is -- and what that does is it reflects what's not on shelf. And so 3% to 4% decline in TDPs during the surge has now gone to double-digits. We are starting to see that recover, as we said, I expect through the fourth quarter and in some cases it may be as late as the beginning of next year, but we will be back with that inventory in place. And so that's a little bit of the way you can tell from a quantification standpoint.  So that -- not really your question more on retail inventory versus pantry but I think in both circumstances we've got a bit of a vacuum here that we're going to need to fill with supply over the months ahead. 
Mark Clouse: Yes. And you see it in our numbers and the operating leverage that we're experiencing. Maybe I'll let in a second Mick highlight a couple of the areas where we're seeing that leverage come through. There's no question that a more optimized or full supply chain is going to be more efficient. At the same time, we don't want to be in extended periods of time where we're not able to supply to meet demand. So I think what we're trying to do is all -- we also don't want to end up being in a situation where we're spending and investing in capital ahead of confirmation of the sustainment of some of the demand. So these are all the variables that we juggle to try to put together our best foot forward.  So some areas are simple. So us accelerating and, for example, ensuring that even through this period of remote working, we find a way to safely move as fast forward as we can on Goldfish capacity where we're adding a new line in our Willard, Ohio facility and we’ve really worked through the crisis to keep that initiative moving. That one’s an easy decision to make.  As it relates to areas like soup, what we've done is we have gone through first and as we've talked in the past about optimizing assortment, but I do think there are some particular areas where we want more flexibility, even if it's in anticipation over the next year or so, God forbid, we have another bounce back of the virus, we need to be in a position where we've got a little bit more flexibility. And so what we're looking for there are appropriate investments to give us that flexibility without necessarily putting substantial infrastructure in that we may or may not need over time. And we're going to kind of think of that as more of a pay-as-you-go model, right? So we're kind of investing as we move forward to try to meet those needs. As it relates to other initiatives or growth opportunities, I think we are trying to jump forward as quickly as possible. As you think about, again, our strategy, in essence, what we've seen in this crisis is not a need for us to shift strategy, it's just pushed us forward. And if you think about all the things we've done as a company, whether it's focusing the company by really locking down into one geography and two divisions, and returning focus to our core businesses, where we believe that there was relevance and that we could build and expand the user base of these businesses like soup, pasta sauces and Pace on the Mexican side. What this has essentially done is pushed us down that path faster. So we need to be also as nimble as possible, and this is a little bit back to Ken's question on how are you balancing the investments in the fourth quarter. We are trying to move some of those initiatives forward and move as quickly as we can to make sure that we've got all of the further quality improvements done, that we're ramping up some of the new packaging formats, that we're doing the things that we had planned. We're just doing it at a quicker pace as we're a little bit or significantly further down the road than we might have expected at this point.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, let me start by saying, as we know, what I would call more online shopping, order, delivery to click-and-collect, there's quite a bit of difference between the -- between those various channels. I would tell you, on the click-and-collect side, I think we have done a fairly good job of keeping pace in working directly with our retail partners. And as you can imagine, one of the challenges that is easier to manage on click-and-collect is inventory and assortment. I think on the more direct e-commerce side, we have, I think, done equitably in those channels to similar companies and businesses, but I think there is opportunity there. I think there's opportunity as we think about how we manage the route to market there, how we make sure that our in-stock levels improve, clearly that being a challenge more universally in the last quarter. But I think even before that, really getting the formula right for our e-commerce customers is extremely important. And then as you think about our business, where our businesses tend to be a bit more stable, we do well. I think when you're talking about impulse purchases, that's an area where we really are trying to work hard to learn a bit about how do you create that impulse environment in an online world. And that is not as simple as just being available or being at the top of the page. You've got to create a little bit more of a unique dynamic. So one of the other areas that we're investing in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, is really out there trying to test and learn in that space because we do expect that as consumers become more comfortable utilizing these tools -- and this is also inclusive of areas like Instacart, where you've got a third-party essentially as the intermediary between traditional retail and the consumer, but a lot of engagement with the interface on how consumers are ordering or shopping. So there's a lot of places where right now we want to be experimenting a bit more to try to understand some of these dynamics to make us more effective. And I think the great news is there are a lot of resources in the universe, whether it is our traditional retailers working online or more dedicated companies in that space, there is a real openness and willingness to partner. And I think that's always been something that's been a bit more challenging is to access data, but we're finding it to be a more open dialogue and partnership, and that's really going to help us figure it out. As it relates to margins, the question, I think, is there is no doubt that no matter how efficient it may be, the cost structure in supporting some of these models is -- is creating areas where we have to try to figure out how to mitigate that. So whether it is the fee you pay a third-party shopper, whether it is the additional labor that a traditional retailer has, or whether it's just the infrastructure cost of managing a supply chain that may not be organic to the company that's doing it, I think we have to work together to try to figure out what that looks like. And it may be more limited assortment. It may be different pack sizes. It may be a variety of different ways that we want to look at working together. But we do recognize that that is a reality that's coming and we need to figure out how to do that so it's not a material drain. Now we've looked at the kind of immediate projections. And although I would say I do expect it to be a bit of a headwind, I don't see it as a significant barrier to us continuing to progress on our financial commitments.
Mark Clouse: Yes. It's a really good question, and it's a little bit of a different situation. So if you look at soup, for example, no one wants to see share declines ever, and certainly, we've made a lot of progress this year on that front coming into the third quarter. I do think there are two areas that you're seeing that are impacting that number. The first is that there is no question that supply has been a challenge, and that's been more of a share pressure of late than it was necessarily throughout the whole quarter. And again, when you think about a world of a contained set of supply on the shelf, when we are not able to fully meet demand, it does open the door to other businesses or other brands that may be left on the shelf or available that has filled in a little bit. And if you watch our cycle, as I said, coming out of that unprecedented push in the beginning, where we did pretty well and held up well, we've certainly seen that weighing. Now the good news is, I think, in more recent, we're beginning to see that cycle back. And I think over time, we're going to we're going to get back to a better place. The other thing that's happened within soup is there's been a greater migration into the ready-to-serve segment of soup, which actually has more competition. So just as a perspective, on the condensed side, we have an 85% share. On the ready-to-serve side, we have a 44% share. So just inherently, as a larger percentage of consumers are spread out in that ready-to-serve area, it's impacted our overall share. What I am encouraged by is in the third quarter, our chunky business was actually up on share within ready-to-serve, which of course is our focus while the kind of all other area of ready-to-serve was down about 0.7 of a share point. So I think where we want to be focused, that looked a little better, but there's no -- that dynamic is occurring. And then I think the third area on share within soup that's important to continue to mention, I think even coming out of Q2, the one area we talked about is we've got more work to do on differentiating our broth business, and that's the other area where you would have seen some share erosion in that segment especially to a private label, where, again, I think we've got to continue to work harder on establishing what the points of difference really are for Swanson. Although I did feel great about the resurgence of Pacific. And we know that's a big part of that equation is getting the supply back up on Pacific where we've done quite well. And there, you see pretty significant movement in share. On the Goldfish side, it is more of a circumstance where we came into the virus, not necessarily on a high level of inventory. And with that initial demand, it's been very dramatic. And aggravating it a bit more has been the shift where we normally have a better balance between portion packs that are more on the go and larger bulk sizes that are used more in home. And as you might imagine, in this environment, the demand has really shifted to the bulk side. So we've made that pivot, and we're addressing it, but not necessarily at the rate that we've seen. And then once that supply challenge was in place on Goldfish, it did require us to do some reductions in promotions collaboratively with customers, which put some further pressure on the business. I'm not concerned long term because really, the share loss you're seeing on Goldfish is to other crackers that are really not substitutes for Goldfish. It's just we share Goldfish against the broader cracker category. I think our ability to recover that and continue to move Goldfish forward, I feel good about. We've just got to catch up. And I think, again, we will do that over the course of the fourth quarter. You'll even start to see some promotional activity coming back in June. And I think by the time we're through the summer, we're going to be in good shape.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Honestly, it is truly a collaboration in discussion. And part of this is, I think everybody is certainly reacting a little bit to the here and now, and wanting to make sure that as we go into the next soup season, that we're able to do our best job in supplying demand. And so what we've also said though is, and there's no doubt that some of the SKU rat that we did, although it accomplished the goal of increasing perhaps capacity in the short term, it is not the right answer longer term with what consumers are looking for, especially if you imagine these households working through the variety needs of what cooking looks like and the desire to have greater numbers of options in place. So it really is a balancing act. I, by no means, expect us not to come back with a fair number of the SKUs that we have that we rationalized in the short term that we think have long-term merits. And I think the customers with us are working to try to figure out what that balance is, and part of it is us being able to provide some confidence and conviction to them on what our ability it is to supply during a greater -- what we anticipate to be a greater demand season. So I think, Rob, again, where I view this being most effective is if we get the facings and the shelf inventory right for the SKUs that are really going to be in high demand, and we know that and then the appropriate level of assortment to give the variety that consumers are looking for. And perhaps that may not just mean us giving up some space, but it may be that there's not as much need for some of the redundancy that may be on the shelf. And so in the end, we want to be able to get that balance right. So, I think it's going to be a little bit of a give and take there. But I think so far, it's a pretty, I guess, consensus perspective between retailers and kind of what we're thinking.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Well, I think, sadly, part of that number is relative to some of the share declines we've seen where our lack of availability enabled other brands or businesses perhaps to consume some of that demand that was there over time. But our inventory levels -- and remember, this is -- to a certain degree, it's kind of a continued pressure to refill inventory. So I don't think mathematically, I would say it's quite that big. But I do think certainly in the quarter, we were about 10 points lower than what -- from a comparison to consumption and shipments. And I think there is a good chunk of that that will be inventory. But the way I would approach it, Rob, is kind of thinking about, okay, most of the retail universe is going to be looking for anywhere from two to four weeks of supply, and that's probably the way mathematically we're more thinking about what that number ultimately is. And then to answer kind of the second part of the question, I think it comes a little bit back to what we were talking about before with Jason on, okay, where does demand remain versus what our full capacity is on how long does it take us to get back to kind of fully loaded and in place. And so I think that -- my sense is that we will see great progress in Q4 but we may -- it may take us a little bit of time in some categories to get all the way back to bright in Q1.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think, Michael, I tend to qualify it as immediate because I do think there's still a lot left to prove, although very encouraging to see the stickiness, if you will, of the household penetration and the repeat. I think we need to kind of get into that third cycle that I described to really understand kind of where we'll be ongoing. Now I do think, though, it's safe to say that we would certainly expect as we kind of go into next winter, and as we watch the behaviors, we do think those behaviors will continue to be highly relevant. And there's a series, I think, of indicators that we're watching closely to try to get a sense of how much of this really is sustainable beyond kind of the next six to 12 months. But I do think that there are going to be some lasting impacts out of this. And I think a lot of it will depend, too, on our ability to really convert on these windows of opportunity to establish that relevancy in a sustainable way. And I think that has a lot to do with our ability to drive that usage and relevancy while also bringing the right innovation to continue to build out that category and try to really, truly return it back to a position of playing a relevant role in a variety of different consumers' lives.
Mark Clouse: Well, I think there's two things that we've said all along. We thought could be a little bit of an expansion of the seasonality of soup, and that was the movement into a bigger role within cooking, which, of course, does change through the summer months. But that need, that ingredient demand and that role we could play, we always felt like there was a bigger opportunity there that might expand deeper into the year than just what we would consider the traditional soup season. I think the other area that we've experienced a lot of growth in behavior is the role that soup can play in lunches. And I do think the ability for that to be a little less seasonal as possible. And so although I do expect the demand to dampen a bit in the summer, I do think it will remain in an elevated level. And so I think those are all areas of opportunity that we're going to continue to work on to try to solidify those behaviors. And I think if we're effective at doing that, we do have the potential to expand the season. But again, these are all things right now, that we're still kind of in those early moments and trying to learn from. And I guess, just going back to the -- your starting point, that is why I've tended to categorize it as immediate. But we'll continue to provide those mile markers as we go to try to help everybody understand how we see this going forward, and I certainly would expect as we see you for the end of the fiscal year and we start talking about '21, we'll have a more robust perspective on that as we look forward.
