Andrew Lazar: Hi, there. Mark, I'm sure there will be plenty of questions on Snacks. So maybe I'd like to focus a bit on Meals & Beverages to start.
Andrew Lazar: Organic sales rose 1%, right? 2% gain in volume. So, momentum clearly improving here even without Sovos being in the base. So I was hoping you could talk just a bit more about sort of the key drivers here and, I guess, more importantly, the sustainability, right, of these improved results, especially in the context of the industry supply in broth coming back later this calendar year.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. And then maybe just super briefly, because I know we have a lot to get through, just you've been very steadfast for a long time now in the broader industry kind of recovering is a more of a when, not if. It's obviously been longer than most would have expected. I think a lot of investors are still maybe somewhat more skeptical in this recovery just because we haven't seen it really in a really perceptible way in the data, broadly speaking, not just Campbell-specific. Maybe just really briefly, just your -- the rationale behind your belief in that…
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think the first thing I just would say is that when you think about the consumer landscape that we're in right now, it's a good time to be in these categories. Meals & Beverages fit very well in a world where consumers are eating more in-home as we continue to see those numbers extremely high, the behavior of cooking and driving value and affordability along with convenience. We really couldn't have a better fitting set of brands for that. And I think that underpins a lot of the reasons why growth is continuing. I do think it's important, though, that for a lot of investors I -- that I've spoken to, I think one of the big questions was, are you going to be able to get volume in the right direction on soup without mortgaging, if you will, the margin? And I think this was a great quarter to demonstrate that. And even if you look into the latest four weeks as we go into Q1, the momentum on that business is really fairly broad-scaled, fairly universal across all of our segments, a little bit more work to do on ready-to-serve. I think that will -- we continue to see consumers kind of choosing based on what the priority of the season is, and so, I do expect ready-to-serve and Chunky to have a stronger first half of the year. But the reality is, those businesses are in strong footing. On share, there's no doubt that the broth dynamic with private label is helping, and we're seeing significant growth in broth and we have now for a couple of quarters. But I think what's interesting is, even if I account for the fact that we're a bit higher-priced than private label in the dollar growth of the category and the volume growth, the category still is very, very healthy. And all of that consumption is now happening with Swanson. So we feel really good about the trajectory of soup as we go into the season and into the holiday. I think as I pointed out, our sauce business has been good, right, was good, is good, and absolutely consistent belief that it will continue to do very well. It was great to see both Rao's and Prego growing, because I think they are very complementary in nature. You've got a mainstream Prego business that was doing well in the quarter. And then, of course, Rao's just continues to be the driver that it's been. The total brand in the fourth quarter for Rao's was up 25%. And as we've talked a lot, we haven't even really started the marketing and the next wave of innovation on that business. And so, our belief in that continuing to be a driver, albeit moderated as we cycle, you got to remember, this is almost $1 billion business now, growing at 25% is tough to imagine into perpetuity. But as we said in '25, we're expecting high-single-digit growth and longer term, that mid-single, which will continue to contribute and solidify Meals & Beverages as a steady grower. Even if you've got some normalization of Meals & Beverages as you get into the back-half of the year, there's still enough going on in that business that gives us a lot of confidence that it can be a positive contributor, and I think that's kind of a new page, if you will, for Meals & Beverage. But as much as I love the Rao's growth continuing, I'd have to say the soup recovery and it being volume-driven was probably a more meaningful statement of belief in the division for the future.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I know a lot of doom and gloom. I just don't -- I'm not seeing it in the numbers, right? If anything, I know we'll talk about Snacks, I'm sure, at a moment. But even where I had some pressure on Snacks, it was far more share-driven than category-driven. A lot of the categories we're participating in, 75% of them are back to growth. Now, is Snacks all the way back to the historical growth level that I'm anxious for it to be at? No, not overall. But you had Kettle potato chips in the quarter was up 7%, you had pretzels up 4%. Our organic and natural tortillas were up 5%, cookies a little bit less, but still positive. And total snacking, even total salty was up 1%. And I think the underlying metrics that I look at to determine what to expect coming forward continue to point to me to normalization. I mean, I always try to remind us that on the Campbell's business and Campbell Snacks right now, we're still cycling a near double-digit growth, I think 9% a year ago on total Snacks, 9.5% on the power brand. So yes, I think there's been a little bit longer runway for this than I would have liked, but I really don't see the -- any indication from the data other than a little bit of a walk back on consumer confidence, which again -- and I don't want to diminish how tough it is for a lot of consumers that are out there, but I feel like we've cycled enough of this that we're beginning to see the normalization. Again, you got soup up 6% in the latest four weeks, pasta sauce continues to grow, salsa is growing, really, most of the core businesses for us. So, as I said, Andrew, last quarter and continue to believe a lot of this matters about where you are, right? If you're in certain categories, I'm sure it still looks like recoveries are ways away, but I do think this is not going to be a linear journey, as we've said before. And I'm happy that many of our categories are probably a little bit on the upper edge of that curve and recovering. And even in a somewhat depressed recovery for snacking, our subsegments are doing quite well. Now, we've got some share and some new entrants into a couple of different categories we need to address, but I'd rather have that fight than a structural concern around the growth of the category.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, it's a great question, Ken. I think the -- and I certainly wouldn't want to make this sound as if we're not extremely focused and really viewing this as an important area to focus on as we get into '25. But the way I look at this is, as I go across the places where we're experiencing the pressure -- and it's really in salty, right? So you have a new entrant in pretzels, you have a new entrant in Kettle and you have a new entrant in what I'd call better-for-you tortilla. All of those are a concern, as you say. But as we look at what we have relative to the brands in the portfolio, so I look at pretzels and I say, okay, that one's been there for a while. I've got three brands that live in pretzels, right? I have Snyder's of Hanover, I have Snack Factory, and I've actually got Goldfish that plays a surprising large role in Pretzel. I've got all three brands that I can bring to bear in the defense with innovation. And you're going to see when we get to Investor Day a -- by the way, for all three of these, we're going to really unpack for you the full kind of attack plan on how we see going after it, because it is important for us to do it. But that's an example of where I feel like the tools we've got. Now, if I'm completely honest, I do think we need to have more marketing support in the plan to support the innovation we're driving, and you see that in our outlook and our guidance as we go into next year. I think on Kettle, I would say it's a little bit more of a me-too product and I've got this great two brands, Kettle and Cape Cod that I need to use more as a portfolio to drive winning in that category. And then on tortilla, we've got a great story on late July. And so, I think you hear me confident, really, for three reasons. One, I think our brands are well-positioned to defend. Two, I think the innovation and the marketing has not been at its peak while these have come in, so we've got to react and respond to that very well. And we're resourced for that and we've got the pipeline as we go into next year. And again, I would say that I do not see these as an attack or a fight on price, but I do think it's quite important that our promotional frequency and then our price gaps remain reasonable. And so, you'll continue to see very modest -- under 100 basis points, with modest investment in some areas to ensure that we stay competitive. So that's -- again, I don't want to over-portray that we've got this thing completely solved, but I do think we're in a really good position to address it. And again, if I'm in a category that's growing 9%, as an example in Kettle, that's not a horrible place to be to fight this fight. So I'm happy that we're seeing the recovery in our elevated subsegments of snacking. And look, we know how to -- this is a level-playing field and opportunity for us to win in-market, I'll always take that challenge.
Mark Clouse: Yes. In the second half of the year, we're anticipating kind of a normalization of share as -- now, having said that, we're going to fight like heck to keep all those households with Swanson. But I think from a prudent standpoint, we've seen a little bit of this normalization before, historically speaking, and so, we're using that as our kind of guideline for what the plan. And then I know the team's aggressively going after beating that.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So there's definitely a bit more of bifurcation between what I would call the more mainstream segments and then what I would call the more elevated segments. So, for example, in Q4, I think potato chips as an overall subsegment grew by about 3%, which is not horrible, but about 3% and, arguably, with a bit more trade-down pressure and a little bit more promotional focus. We do have [Jay Cod], which is our -- we call them our Allied brands. They're Jays potato chips. So we see a little bit of that in a very, very small part of our business. But in the main power brand area, all of those are operating in a more elevated space. And those seem to have been, one, recovering much faster as they do tend to index to a little bit more middle to upper-middle and higher-income households, which have been a fair degree more resilient. So I think where you are playing on that front, it does tend to be more driven by who's bringing the innovation, who's bringing the right marketing. Obviously, promotion plays a very important role and I'm not diminishing that. But at the end of the day, the fight is quite different at those elevated segments than it is in what I'd call the more lower and mainstream segments where we do see it a little bit more fight on price. We do see a little bit more traction in private label. Probably, the category where we have a little bit more of that analog is on pretzels, where our base pretzel is -- we see a little bit more pressure there. But even there, I think Snyder's plays at a somewhat elevated level to that, and that helps our business or our portfolio, I think, playing a little more constructive of a way.
Mark Clouse: Right. And maybe, Carrie, talk a little bit about the phasing of the year, but we do not see like a Q2 significant drop-off.
Mark Clouse: Yes, I think one of the ways to think about this is at the time that you're cycling a little bit of a broth headwind, I'm also expecting the Snacks business to be returning a bit more to normality as far as categories. So, I would plot your course for the year as a little bit more of a gradual improvement as we get into the second quarter and beyond, and then perhaps a little bit of a swap of who's kind of leading...
Mark Clouse: -- the drive, but in essence, kind of getting both businesses into what I would call a more normal trajectory.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So the first thing I would say is, I think that although you hear a perhaps more bullish tone on the consumer landscape than maybe some others or even a bit contrarian to some of the points of view out there, more broadly speaking, I would tell you that we plan the year in a way where we're not expecting some radical, accelerated recovery. In fact, I would say that we're expecting a relatively slow bounce-back as it relates to snacking, a more kind of normalized Meals & Beverage and then a bit of a flip, as I said, in the back half, where you'll see some headwinds from broth and perhaps a bit more normalized Meals & Beverage category and a more modest recovery on Snacks. You see that in the 0% to 2% range. How do I feel if that environment gets a bit worse? I think there's two things that help me kind of calibrate the plan. The first is, it certainly would not suggest that what we're going to be cycling is the same kind of outsized growth and upside that we saw as we were cycling pricing in a variety of other positive, if you will, growth drivers, where your baseline is a relatively muted baseline. So let's imagine this hangs around a little longer than we would expect, I think, is not going to be perhaps as dramatic as the step-down that we saw after cycling two years or three years of just incredibly outsized growth. I think the second thing that I would point to is, I do think this is a good time to have a portfolio like ours, where you've got a variety of different -- not an endless, but a variety of different categories that really do match as we've seen over the last year -- even now, right, where soup and broth, as people are eating more at-home, continue to benefit from that. And certainly, pasta sauce has been fairly resilient in almost any economic environment. I think Snacks, again, is a -- historically speaking, notwithstanding a little bit of what we're normalizing through right now, but Snacks has proven over time to be a bit more resilient in economic downturns. And so, I think that the role that our brands play in the portfolio we have would set us up even in a tougher environment to be in a positive position. But I think that combination are both encouraging, but our plan does not assume that we're going to see this kind of more outsized recovery. That's kind of how -- that's why we said, look, I will say the consumer confidence to me is a very important metric and that went -- that was negative in Q4. And my description of the consumer would be a little bit more biased to positive, but still fragile. And so, I would not want to overestimate the certainty, if you will, of what the underlying dynamics may be pointing to.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, I would say, almost -- yes, you covered the what's in front of that. I absolutely see Rao's -- and I use this analogy a lot from prior life. I remember launching DiGiorno pizza many, many years ago. And the reality was -- is that although that, at the time, seemed like an incredibly expensive frozen pizza, as the frame of reference was expanded to include delivery, pizza had all of a sudden became a great value. I think that is very similar to the dynamic of Rao's, where you have this incredible quality that arguably at a much lower rate than a DoorDash order that is a mediocre Italian meal that you're paying $30, $40 for, paying $8 to $9 for a jar of Rao's and, hopefully, a couple more for a package of Rao's pasta, you're having a terrific Italian meal at-home. It's incredibly convenient and it is a better value. And I think that is why you are seeing Rao's experience growth across all of the economic sectors. And I think, to your point, maybe -- it's certainly true on Rao's, but I'd say also true on snacking is, you may be rationalizing some of your spend and the amount that you were buying on Snacks, but you also may decide that as I do that, I want to make sure that what I'm buying is something that I'm going to really enjoy. It might be a little bit more permissible, a little cleaner label. And so, what we've seen is this dynamic where some of the higher-end subsegments are more elevated, as we would describe them, to be more resilient. Now, it's not as prolific as Rao's extending into the lower income, but certainly, as we think about mid-income and high-income categories like Kettle potato chips and more natural organic tortilla chips have -- as a category have held up very well in both of those.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So I think as I said earlier, I do not want to diminish how tough it is out there for a lot of consumers. So I think you will continue to see value-centric communication and messaging in many categories. And even on our more premium, it may be a little bit more about value in a different way, right? I mean, again, I think higher price does not preclude one from creating tremendous value. So I think you will see that continue to be part of it. But I also think, as you think about where we're seeing pressure from new entrants or me-too products that are putting some share pressure on businesses, I think what you're going to see is what you should see from us, which is really leading the consumer thinking and bringing new to the world flavors, forms, products, while continuing to market against what makes our brands like Kettle and Cape Cod in late July so unique and differentiated. So I think maybe, whereas this year, we went a little bit more all-in on value. I think what you're going to see us as we move into '25 is balancing that a bit between value, but also really in building -- getting back to, I think, a more focused effort on driving the equity and the news and innovation behind the brands. Because in the long run, in those elevated segments, that's going to determine winning, right? I mean, yes, a new product coming into the category puts some near-term pressure on. But as we cycle that distribution, I think we'll get a better impression of how we've done on ensuring that we really drive the equity in the news.
Ken Goldman: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about Snacks. Mark, I appreciate that it's not so much promo that's acting as a headwind as much as competition from new entrants.
Ken Goldman: But I'm curious, isn't this also a bit of a worry? And the reason I'm asking is, you're attacking the problem with innovation and marketing, it's great to see. But this is a problem across a number of food categories that we're seeing, which is that challenger brands are taking share and intensifying. And yes, but I would rather have competition via innovation than discounting, sure. But I guess, maybe you could walk us through your confidence...
Ken Goldman: And if I can just -- thank you for that, ask a very quick follow-up, you mentioned that certain parts of your guidance or maybe guidance in general is prudent. I won't go into that, but I did want to ask a specific question, which is that does your guidance assume a reversal in broth share next year? In other words, are you assuming that...
