Mark Clouse: Thanks, Mick. Before opening up the call for questions, I wanted to review our progress against the milestones we outlined at our Investor Day. As you know, I believe a candid conversation about this is critical for investors to track our progress.  So, how did we do in the second quarter? I continue to feel very good about our progress against these key metrics. While we improved on top line, we have more work to do to make this truly sustainable. But, clearly, seeing key elements of our business improving is encouraging and I would say a step forward from Q1. We are slightly ahead of schedule on margins and EBIT, which is very positive as it's creating some flexibility to make sure we optimize the investments we need. Our cost savings programs are tracking to plan and we improved our balance sheet in the quarter by significantly reducing debt with the proceeds from the divestitures, resulting in debt levels at 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA.  I'm also excited about our progress around building a winning team and culture, especially as it pertains to our new team members, increased focus, execution and accountability of our teams.  The overall business is essentially on track with growing positive indicators of the full potential of this portfolio and clear areas where continued focus is still needed.  With that, let's take some questions. 
Mark Clouse: Yeah. Great. Yeah. Thanks for the question, Andrew. I think a lot of lessons in the season. And having it be my first time through the soup season, I think the general overarching theme or perspective is that – I would say, positive encouragement that when we do support the businesses, whether that is with marketing and advertising, or perhaps even in this year, more importantly, our relationships with our key retailers, that we can move the needle on the business. And I think what's probably most encouraging to me is the focus that we had on the condensed segment. As you know, it's a significant part of our soup business. It also happens to be a highly profitable portion of our soup business. And probably, I would say, arguably the one that perhaps most folks had questions about our ability to drive improvement. And for the quarter to see consumption up 2.5% and up almost a share point as we spent behind advertising, quality improvements, we saw increases in display in the marketplace.  And all of that resulted not just in the growth, but also perhaps the most important aspect, which is – to your second question, which was that our household penetration went up. And you think about that as kind of the gift that keeps on giving as we expand the base of consumers and build the relevance of our category and bring new households in, that bodes quite well for us, in seeing that translate to more sustainable growth than just promoting perhaps into a period where you might have people more apt to pantry load on a good deal or a good program or even a reminder.  I think even more important than that is that we're starting to see the dynamic of where those new households are coming from as younger. And I think a lot of us questioned whether the relevancy of condensed could match that demographic. But I think the quality improvements, along with the way in which we're positioning the usage, has been a very positive influence to that. And although it's early – I think you need to see the household penetration over time, I think the positive – both the positive demographic as well as the substantialness of the turnaround in the window bodes very well for us going forward.  I think on the other side, I would say the broth business, which is a really important segment, and one that's been growing, is a tough segment. And I think what we learned a little bit on condensed is that we need to get a little further out in front of our support and we've got to continue to be incredibly sharp on our price gaps until we successfully build enough of the differentiation around the Swanson brand.  I am thrilled, though, that Pacific is back in the game because, as you know, that's a big player in broth. And with the capacity back to full and the distribution coming back, I feel much better about how we will bode in total broth as we go forward. And we're going to try to do a little bit of a fast adapt on learnings as we go into Easter. On the ready-to-serve side, that was not a not a pleasant set of results to live through. But it was what we expected to happen. And I do think we're in a much better position on chunky. And as we go into next year, although that's not the big player during the holidays, it certainly plays around the holidays in a very important way. And I am encouraged that, even if you look at like the latest four weeks, as we've kind of gotten ourselves through a lot of the tough comparables on the merchandising side and the promotion side, we're seeing it return to more stable and actually some growing share in the last four weeks.  So, overall, advertising worked well, especially when paired with quality. Good to have Pacific back in the game. Broth is a battle. Ready-to-serve was tough, but the right things to do.  And I think the great news about all of this is we're building a stronger sense of confidence among our retail partners. And that's helping us make the case to getting not only some of the distribution we lost that we think was regrettable back in, but also setting the stage as we continue to build innovation out as we go forward.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. I can hit that one, then we'll come to the second one. I think there's three places where I see opportunity to continue to invest. The first area is, as you will see and are probably beginning to see, I think we've talked about this dynamic before where the Snacks business arguably is kind of a year ahead as it relates to innovation than our Meals & Beverages business. And so, what you've got happening in the back half of the year is that kind of first wave of concentrated innovation. So, great products like our veggie line on Goldfish, as well as our potato chip launch on Late July.  And so, what I want to make sure we do is adequately support the innovation and perhaps even double down in some areas where we're seeing early success. So, I think the first bucket is really around the Snacks innovation bundles that are launching.  The second is, one of the things that was really interesting for us on soup was that the condensed advertising that we started early this year – so we started about a month or two earlier than we normally do, especially around some of the eating varieties like tomato soup and grilled cheese, which is one of the areas where we saw a very, very positive response. So, I'd like to continue to do some learning on extending the seasonality, right? One of our goals is to try to broaden and extend our soup season by doing things that are a little less anchored specifically on cold weather and able to kind of bring usage through. So, whether it's some of the eating SKUs where we are going to add a little bit of advertising or even some of the recipe elements on condensed that we know that behavior goes beyond just the winter months is an opportunity to evaluate the ROIs and see where kind of those barriers are.  And then, I think also going into Easter, as I mentioned on broth, although I would call it solid performance in the holiday, there were some clear areas of opportunity. And so, I want to make sure that our price points and the promotion calendars are set up well there and we may do a little bit of tactical investment on promotions as we get a little closer to that holiday.  And so, the great news is that the flexibility by getting ahead as it relates to EBIT, stronger gross margin than we had anticipated with a little bit better mix and a little bit faster accumulation of our cost plan as well as a little bit of, I'd call, a dampening of inflation is giving us that flexibility and I think putting us in a really good spot. 
Mark Clouse: I think the other thing too, Ken, just as you'll note, if you're kind of modeling the balance of the year, as we've said, we're now kind of directing on the cost savings to a little bit of the higher end of the range at $150 million. If you think about the fact that we've got $90 million in the first half, that leaves you about $60 million to go. So, you take the dynamic that Mick just described along with a little bit of a softer contribution, I think what you'll see is a little bit of this kind of ebb through Q3 and into Q4. Again, we feel really good about the underlying fundamentals. There's nothing that's like a looming issue or problem that we're expecting. It really just happens to be the dynamic of the phasing. And I think, again, inclusive of our ability to spend a little bit more into the business, which is great news for us.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, it's an interesting question. And again, we are watching very closely the dynamics between the different segments as it relates to where is the source of volume coming from. And there's no doubt that there is some interaction between the two, but we act – when we look at our numbers, the ready-to-serve declines are essentially what we expected relative to what we were doing based on the promotional side of the pricing side.  And when you look at who we're adding to the condensed side, these are not primarily the same consumers that would be buying chunky. And so, that's good news. Now, are we sourcing from some other condensed or other ready-to-serve players within the category, I do think there is some dynamic there.  One of the things that has been very important about how we've repositioned condensed is the strong permission as it relates to quality, whether that's adding more fresh cream or no added preservatives on chicken noodle or the six tomatoes in tomato soup, we really feel like that has been a big enabler, like I said, to kind of create permission in. And so, if you think about where we're sourcing from, it's likely coming from what would be perceived as healthier or options that are a little bit more relevant to that area.  So, again, as I think about the portfolio going forward, I still very much like how we set up. I think we've got great brands positioned against particular benefits and occasions as well as consumer cohorts.  So, I'm not worried right now about, are we just moving people from one to the other. But even if we did, given the margin advantage of the condensed business, that's not a terrible trade for us to make. But that's not really what we're seeing right now.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, I love the question. The answer, let me start with Linda. As you may have seen – let me just for a second talk broadly about Meals & Beverages. You do see when you look at the Meals & Beverages team now a relatively new set of leaders across our business. And the genesis for that is really a fundamental shift or change in what we're trying to accomplish with Meals & Beverages. We return to a more growth orientation and really are looking at marketing and investment behind the businesses in that division.  So, in fairness, if you're trying to just cut costs and to manage for cash, it's some different skill sets, albeit those who still very important to us. But if we're going to drive growth and innovation, we want to make sure we assemble the team that is best positioned to do that. And so, the combination of a Chris Foley coming from our Pepperidge Farm and Snacks business over to lead the division and then Linda who has a rich history – I've known Linda a long time. Did a great job in the Nabisco franchises, has been out working in some of the more entrepreneurial spaces. That skill set, I think, is a very good combination for us as we look at really upping our game as it relates to marketing and innovation.  And then, complementing that, we have terrific supply chain leader, R&D leader that really helps kind of round out a lot of the team and also a new leader of sales. And I think, what we're trying to do is bring kind of a whole new look and feel to what our Meals & Beverages business is, and I think that team is doing a wonderful job in early days reengaging and connecting with our customers.  I think the convenience message is actually right on. Now, I think the condensed, there's a combination of the fact that convenience is an underlying need for consumers. Now, we've paired it with a little bit better product, healthier proposition which is going very well. But what I didn't talk about, which has been a continued point of success for us, is our convenience offerings. And so, what we absolutely believe is exactly what you're suggesting. And as you see us going into next year and innovation becomes a bigger player, we've got a whole host of new packaging forms, product forums and benefit propositions that will be coming through our convenience platform.  And even where we've started, whether it's the sippable Well Yes! platform or some of our new cup sizes or even as we've tested some new products, like toppers, think of it as kind of yogurt with the toppers that you add in, very similar to soup, so you get that multi-texture experience as a snack or a complement to a meal, are all doing very well. Very positive. And we're gaining, I would say, a lot of victories as we talk about kind of reshaping the shelf for the future.  And so, I think this combination of goodness and convenience coming together is really what is enabling us to kind of – as we said from the very beginning is where soup could really play and where we're seeing the resurgence. And as we complement that with cooking, and I would even describe quick scratch cooking as a bit of a convenience driver as well as it's simple assembly of ingredients to get a meal, and in particular within younger or millennial households, that dynamic underpins a lot of the work that we're doing.  So, absolutely right that that's an underlying help to us. But I think when paired with goodness, that's when we really unlock the potential of the category. And a lot of what we're seeing right now.
Mark Clouse: Right. Yeah, great question. The first thing I just would say, I'm not – this is always a little bit of a mystery to me, the difference between Nielsen and IRI, but the category numbers for us in the quarter that we see on condensed is down under a percent versus the run rate of being down 3%. So, I would have said we saw a notable – I would have said that we've seen a notable improvement in the underlying category dynamic, although not fully to positive yet. 
Mark Clouse: Okay, only on penetration. Yeah, I think on penetration, the sourcing for us is a little bit – like I said, we've seen a combination of what we would call lapsed users and that may be a little bit of a trade up from private label to us. But some of the new households that are truly new consumers, I think, are benefiting us from a kind of sustainability aspect as we go into next year. I think the overall purchase and the category improvement is also a bit of an encouraging number for us. As it relates to private label, I mentioned in my comments, there were some supply issues. They weren't everywhere on private label, but, certainly, it did help us a bit in the quarter. But we also were lapping some other one-time headwinds as it related to storms from a year ago and a little bit of the snap dynamic, especially at the end of the quarter.  I think the good news is we're seeing some of those customers make the decision not to come back in with private label, but to just stick with us given the strength of our performance during the holiday. So, that's good news as well.  And that along with, I think, the lapping next year of the headwind of the distribution losses that we would hope to greatly mitigate as we go into next year, I think we've got a lot of – there's going to be a lot of puts and takes. But I think the net of it is I feel very good about the underlying health as something that we can build off of next year versus that we just go out and buy some share that we're going to give back next year. So, I think those are the drivers that I'm looking at. And, of course, we're going to have to watch it very closely as we move forward.
Mark Clouse: If you think about it, Chris, so if you go back to the kind of gross margin bridge for a second, you've got inflation of 2%, which is about 160 basis point headwind and productivity-based productivity, as Mick said, those are the programs that we're doing kind of on a more annual basis, was about 140 basis points of good. So, the net of inflation and productivity not quite equal, but about a 20 bp headwind. And then, we picked up 90 basis points as it relates to the cost savings. And so, if you think about productivity at 140 basis points and cost savings about 90 basis points, that gives you kind of the relationship that you're looking for.
