Ken Gosnell: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the third quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2018. With me here in New Jersey are Keith McLoughlin, interim CEO; and Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media, who'll participate in a listen-only mode.  Today, we will make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to Slide 2 or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.  Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix.  With that, let me turn the call over to Keith.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session with Anthony. [Operator Instructions]. Okay, Crystal.
Ken Gosnell: Thanks, Keith. We thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1-404-537-3406. The access code is 649-8114. You will have until June 1, 2018, at which point we move the earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com, under News and Events, just click on the Recent Webcasts and Presentations.  If you have further questions, please call me at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Tom Hushen at 856-342-5227. That concludes today's call. Thanks, everybody.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. It's actually both, Bryan. The comments primarily relate to what we're seeing on the base business and the impact of cost inflation that we foresee continuing. And also, in the first year, when we add Snyder's-Lance to the portfolio, the mix impact will also have a negative impact on margin.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. There's only one small piece of the average financing that has a covenant in it, but we're well below that. And anything we do, I don't think that will be an issue whatsoever.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Sure. I mean, I guess the problem starts with the forecast that we're seeing for an acceleration in cost inflation and part of that due to the impact of upcoming tariff. So we see pretty significant increases on steel and aluminum and other parts of the commodity basket, things like wheat, resins. Corrugated is another area where we see some increases. So that's obviously going to put some pressure on the margin. And obviously, the question is what is the impact of potential pricing to help to offset that. I don't have a lot of details for you today on that. What I will say, and as you know, it's a very challenging environment out there today. It's a competitive retailer market, and we're all mindful of that. That being said, it would certainly be our intention that, over time, productivity and pricing will offset cost inflation. The challenge is the timing. The other thing that we do and working on is the impact of our cost-savings program to help offset some of that. So as we've done in the past, we do have the 3% annual cost-productivity program coming out of the supply chain. We're also making progress against our targeted $500 million of cost savings by 2020. Our recent decision to close our Toronto manufacturing operations is a good example and relocating most of that production to our U.S. thermal plants. So we're doing all we can to offset the inflationary impact. But as we rack it all up, we do see pressure on the margins going into 2019.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Ken, I'm going to take that. Given this is Keith's first day, he's not going to participate in the Q&A session. But with respect to the dividend, 2 things I can say. We have a well-articulated priority for the uses of cash. It starts with reinvesting in our business and capital expenditures. Second is the dividend. And third, in the current environment, is to reduce leverage by paying down the debt. We have a robust and significant cash flow, which we fully expect we will continue to maintain a competitive dividend level and to have that dividend increase over time with earnings. So I think the management team as well as the board certainly supports the continued payment of a competitive dividend, and we see nothing that we're looking at that would change that at all.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I mean, it's a bit premature, again, into too much detail around 2019. But you kind of hinted that the exact idea of the review and what's going to come out of it is a clear articulation of those things we need to do to reposition the company to drive long-term and profitable growth. And as I think about it, we have some great examples within our portfolio. And I think it exemplifies what a branded food company needs to do to deliver. And that's having a product quality that's superior to competition; continuing to innovate in the marketplace; appropriately managing the price gaps, the competition and private label; supporting those brands with compelling advertising and at a competitive level. I think when we do that, it's a win-win-win. It's a win for our consumers, our customers and for us. And I would say a brand like Prego is a good example where we've been able to do that and grow consumption and share. On the other hand, our broth business is a category we haven't done that, and private label has gained some share. So I think if we undertake the review, we're going to look at the portfolio. We're going to look at what got us into this situation and what do we need to change the long-term trajectory of sales and earnings. Because we believe we can do it, and we're optimistic that there is a positive long-term financial performance that will come out of that.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So the first part, just to give the overall context and dimensionalize the C-Fresh issue. So if I go back to where we started the year in terms of our gross margin expectations and where we are now, so we're a couple of points below where we started. Half of that is the situation at Campbell Fresh. And I mean, certainly we face significant challenges there, and the return to profitability has proven certainly more challenging than we anticipated. And I think the situation which we need to analyze further in the fourth quarter, it goes beyond supply chain. We're seeing low crop yields on carrots. We're seeing lower manufacturing yields. We're seeing higher cost inflation in things like transportation and logistics. We've had to go to co-packers, and those are more expensive. The one thing that's actually mitigating some of these issues is the benefit of the productivity program that our supply chain has brought to bear. But unfortunately, it hasn't done enough to offset the other issue. So we're going to take a step back. We're going to do a deeper dive in the fourth quarter and look at the drivers of that performance and figure out what do we do going forward with respect to the Campbell Fresh business.
Anthony DiSilvestro: No, no. It's trying to be transparent in terms of what we see on the horizon. And given what we know now, we'd rather tell you now than tell you later. The issue is primarily one of cost inflation. And we're seeing and expecting an acceleration on the rate of inflation across a number of ingredient and packaging items. For example, we expect double-digit increases on steel and aluminum. A lot of that driven -- or all of it driven by the impact of anticipated tariffs. We're also expecting higher inflation on wheat and vegetables and resins and corrugated. So this is a meaningfully -- meaningful shift in the inflation outlook. Yes, we are going to continue to drive savings to help mitigate that, our 3% productivity program. Our cost-savings initiative continues to deliver. But they're just not sufficient to offset some of these headwinds. So we wanted to be transparent on that today and share with you kind of what we know at this point in time. We clearly have more work to do on this. We're in the midst of rolling up our operating plans and actions for next year. The strategic review we're going to take in the fourth quarter will also inform what actions we take in 2019. But again, we just wanted to share with you what we see on the horizon.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So back to the first point. We have made some progress on U.S. Soup. You can see we're down 1% in the quarter versus minus 8% in the first half. Again, we made some progress. We are, as we speak, undertaking our joint business plans with our key customers for next fiscal year and so that will help inform kind of the outlook for next year. I forgot the second part of your question, Jason.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Look, it's a competitive environment. And if you look at the markets we operate in, whether it's Australia or Canada or increasingly so, in the U.S., there is clearly tension, and we need to continue to manage through that. And the way I think we do that is to do the things that make branded foods companies successful around their products and their marketing and their brand support and their availability. So we'll continue to do that and work through these joint business plans with our customers. So there's not really much more I can say on that one.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think what we'll do is, as I said before, in terms of our priorities for the use of cash, once we fund our CapEx program, which obviously we're managing very carefully, pay the dividend, the balance will go to reduce debt. And so some of that obviously will get repaid and the balance that we clearly expect to refinance, and we'll have to see what the rate environment is at that time. But I think in the near term, I think we're well positioned in terms of our capital structure and the maturity schedule.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. So let me try to address some of those areas. I probably won't be able to address all of them. But in terms of where we are with Snyder's-Lance, I would say, first and foremost, we're very optimistic about what we've seen. We've owned the business now for kind of 8 weeks, and I would say that we're even more confident now in our ability to deliver the $295 million of cost and synergy savings. And as we look longer term, we're certainly on track to deliver the acquisition economics and the 2021 accretion goal. So I just want to make sure we talk about this in the right context. So -- but we have uncovered a couple of things, right? One is the higher-than-expected trade rate, and it reflects -- and I don't want to get into too much detail here, some decisions taken by the former management team. I think what's important, and in our Pepperidge Farm business, we have a very disciplined approach, process and system to managing trade spend, and we are going to implement that in Snyder's-Lance. So that will help us immensely manage the situation. The second thing that's impacting us, and we're all seeing it is the impact of the higher transportation and logistics cost, which, quite frankly, did not moderate as we have expected. And the last situation, which we're working through, is some challenges related to relocating some Emerald nut production from California to Charlotte. The restart-up of that equipment has proven more challenging than the former management team thought and more challenging than we initially thought. So we're working through those 3 issues. We have action plans in place to do that. We believe they're short-term and addressable and remain very optimistic in the long-term outlook for the Snyder's opportunity. With respect to the DSD network, I mean all I can really say on that one is we now have 3 DSD systems, 2 for Pepperidge, 1 for bakery, 1 for snacks and now 1 for Snyder's-Lance, and we will continue to operate those 3 systems independently. That being said, there are significant opportunity to capture synergy in the distribution network, both at the warehouse level and at the depot level.
Anthony DiSilvestro: Yes. I think a couple of things there happened. And as we look at the business and some of you have looked at, obviously, at the consumer takeaway, it actually has been negatively impacted by the SKU rationalization efforts that the former management team started and that also we support. I think there's a long tail in the portfolio, and we're doing our best to clean that up a little bit. As our supply chain people have gone through those plans, we see significant opportunities to improve the effectiveness of the operations, potential network optimization opportunities given the overlap between our plant infrastructure and their plant infrastructure. And when we put together our deal model, we did anticipate some investments early on to correct those and to improve the long-term performance of the manufacturing network. So we will continue to execute those plans. We're very confident, as I said before, in the long-term ability for this business to generate positive cash flow. But it does require some investments both on the CapEx lines to take care of some quality situations that we see, to improve some efficiency and some costs related to getting at some of the synergy opportunity. Again, all those were factored in our acquisition economics, and we're confident certainly in our ability to fund those.
