Denise M. Morrison: There's a number of factors, Eric, that give us reason to believe that second half will be better. First of all, in our U.S. Soup business, we are continuing with much higher levels of marketing, advertising and consumer promotion in the second half of the year versus where we were last year. In addition, our -- we are now cycling a period of time that does not include the heavy discounting that we've had in the base for the last 4 quarters. We also have price realization on U.S. Soup that will come through versus year ago. In Australia, where we've had a tough first half, we have a much stronger promotion calendar in half 2 and several new product launches. And we have already seen evidence as recently as January that the performance of that business continues to get better. In Beverage, our cost inflation comparatives improved and we're also introducing new products. And we're continuing to support that business as well with advertising and consumer promotion. And I think the other thing in Beverages, we're continuing to take steps in the supply chain to improve margins. So I believe across all the businesses, we're taking into account that it is a tough environment, and we're making the necessary plan changes to make sure we're delivering despite that.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, well, we are obviously tracking 39 categories in the center store. And of this 39, 32 had trends in the last 4-week period that were much lower than the full year-to-date trends. So there clearly is something going on. And as I said in my opening remarks, I believe it's just post-holiday pressure. Consumers are making choices. And one of the biggest discretionary budgets they have is their food budget, and so we believe that, that is largely responsible for what we're seeing. Basket size is down 3%, so units per buyer is down, and spending is down. So they're clearly making different choices.
Denise M. Morrison: I would say the most changes that we've made have been in the Australia business. In the United States, we've been able to navigate this because this has been with us for a while.
Denise M. Morrison: Well, we're absolute advocates of global cooling. But actually, we acknowledge the fact that the weather was warmer, but we also sell a lot of soup in warm weather climates. So we've got to deal with that, and we are. I think where we're going, particularly with our soup business, is we want to increase usage of the product in some positive need states, not necessarily the negative ones like when people are sick or when they're cold. So we're not going to be use weather as an excuse. We're going to use it as just another environmental factor.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. I wanted to also give you a little bit more perspective on the $100 million. Just so that you know, we spent the money on everything we expected to, and we haven't held anything back. We aren't budgeting on things that haven't come through yet. You'll see some of those next week. And we're going to continue to invest this money when we're ready to spend it. But we feel really good about the fact that it's the right appropriation for the ideas that we have.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. We know that alternate channels right now in the industry are performing about 7 to 8 points above traditional channels. And that shift is occurring, again, across most of the food business. I would say that our -- we have opportunities in the value channels in particular, and that the IRI data is probably about 60% coverage for us.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I think the combination of the list price increases we took, the higher promoted price and then less frequency of promotion on RTS all at once was -- created the result that we got. And we believe that we can still work with the levers that we have to work with, improve the profitability of the business based on what we're cycling last year and be more competitive. And we are going to continue to increase our advertising and consumer promotion on this business, as well as the innovation.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, we believe that our advertising has been much more effective, particularly the anthem spot that we have across the portfolio. And we've also introduced advertising on the icon condensed soups, which we have walked away from for a while. And the emotional impact of moms love serving and kids who love eating. And that has been pretty effective for condensed soup. And as I mentioned earlier, we had a good holiday.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, that's right. And what I failed to mention also is our Healthy Request business continues to perform very well.
Denise M. Morrison: No. You'll continue to see us invest, particularly in half 2, and we believe that we've gotten then the level of advertising and consumer basically to where we want it. And we'll continue to shift mix over time, but there won't be big slugs of money.
Denise M. Morrison: No, we are focused on 3 categories in the company, and we believe that operating as one company is the best future for Campbell's.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, the advertising levels, as you pointed out, are pretty robust and especially relative to other Simple Meals. But it's not just the level of advertising, it's the quality. It's the messaging, and it's the news. And so if you think about certain amount of advertising on the base business to remind consumers to buy the product because it's not necessarily top of mind all the time. But then you couple that with the innovation we're going to continue to bring to the marketplace and using the advertising lever to communicate that news and excitement, we believe that over time, that's the best way to build the business.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, we know that we can advertise the business for a longer period of time in the year than we have been in the past, and that's part of what we're correcting this year. We do think that where we're arriving is the right level coupled with the innovation we're going to be bringing to market.
Denise M. Morrison: We do know what -- we do know, in the second quarter this year that the list price increases coupled with the higher promotion price points created price gaps that were too wide. And so we've worked to adjust those. And we do know that we didn't have enough promotion frequency in the first half, and so we're working on that as well. And so with those insights, we believe with some modifications, we'll have a better outcome on RTS. The other thing is we were very heavily discounting RTS last year in the base, and we're cycling that.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, I'm not expecting that beverage competition will get any easier. But that said, for the investments that we've made in our beverage business, our products are up in sales and they've grown share in an immensely competitive category. So we're going to continue to run our play. Where we do think things will improve is in the profitability as the inflation that we've experienced in the first half starts to abate as we cycle the second half.
Denise M. Morrison: Very early but good. Before we conclude our second quarter call, let me leave you with a few thoughts. We continue to advance our 3 growth strategies this quarter. Our U.S. Soup profits improved, which is important to us. Australia biscuits are regaining their footing. On the other hand, while U.S. Beverage sales increased, profits were down significantly. So we have some more work to do, but the first half served only to reinforce our conviction that brand building and innovation are what is required to deliver the profitable sales growth we want, and that has our undivided attention. The important point is that we're committed to building a different company at Campbell's, a company that creates value by driving sustainable, profitable net sales growth. And we're focused on executing our growth strategies and have plans to improve our performance in the second half with increased advertising and consumer spending, new product innovations in U.S. Simple Meals, Beverages and Global Bake Snacks, a stronger promotional calendar in Australia and we also expect inflation to abate in U.S. Beverages. And as we said last July, implementing our new strategic direction will require substantial investment to fund a radically different innovation process and to reinvigorate consumer-focused brand building.  Thanks again for joining us today and have a nice holiday weekend. And with that, Jennifer will now conclude our call.
B. Craig Owens: I think maybe a little bit of the difference between the consumption numbers that you referenced and the sales takeaway in condensed, we said in the discussion here that inventory movement, and it's really prior year inventory movement that was a little unusual, helped us a little bit in terms of shipments versus consumption. And that was probably more prevalent in condensed than it was in RTS.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, I would sort of separate big strategic moves where I think Denise is exactly right from sort of the day-to-day in the marketplace. I mean we've seen -- in this past quarter, we've increased our promotional activity and spending a little bit in Pepperidge, where we've seen category weakness in bakery. And I mean, we're sort of constantly adjusting the dial on a small level. But I agree that we haven't made any big significant strategic...
B. Craig Owens: Yes, let me talk first about sort of process that we used when we referenced that number and where we are against that spending. We literally, in our annual planning process, identified $100 million, some of which we allocated initially in the planning process and some of which we actually kept back in a fund to be allocated as we went through the year. And the use of all that $100 million was a combination of improving our brand-building activities, particularly against some of those brands, where we felt like we have not been sufficiently funding them, and increased innovation activity. We said at the time that, that amount would show up in all kinds of different parts of the P&L. Some of it is in freight spend actually because that's where we've spent slotting fees for new products. Some of it is in SG&A because it's helping to support some of the new product platform teams that we've put in place. Most of it, of course, is -- winds up on the P&L in marketing and R&D. That program, that $100 million program, is very much on track. In fact, we're spending maybe a little bit ahead of $100 million rate for the year. We're pretty encouraged by some of the results that we see from it, and we're sticking to our guns there. Now in the rest of the P&L, as we said in our guidance statement here, we're a little bit below our -- as we forecast the full year now, we're going to be below our original expectation in terms of marketing spend. We have -- we are benefiting, for example, in R&D, from the restructuring activity that we did toward the end of last year where we took out some resource and some spending that we thought wasn't giving us productive payback. So you've got ups and downs and puts and takes across the P&L. It's fair to say that the incrementality of this $100 million is not going to be as great as we originally thought it was. That was referencing back to my point that I made in the guidance statement, that marketing for the full year would be somewhat lower than our own expectation. But it's sort of the difference between the daily, weekly, monthly management of the P&L, our opportunity to find cost savings in various parts of the P&L, offsetting and being reallocated versus that $100 million program.
B. Craig Owens: No question in a seasonal business that it's had an impact. It's had some impact on our European business. But I think Denise's point really is that in terms of resource allocation, we've tried to continue the brand-building activity that we think is sensible. And we're seeing some good results, particularly in our soup business from the advertising itself.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, it was primarily within soup. And again, it's really last year that was unusual. We came into the second quarter last year with pretty heavy inventory levels. And so in the year-over-year comparison, you saw less take out of inventory this year than you did last year. And yes, it's very much a soup idea and maybe a little bit of it in the sauce business, but it's primarily a soup issue.
B. Craig Owens: We manage our trade spend pretty dynamically. So if you're asking if the total envelope changed, I don't think we're going to get down into that level of detail on our planning. But we have clearly devoted some more resource to RTS as we've come through the very end of this last quarter and start into the next quarter.
B. Craig Owens: I think, as we go forward -- so again, we've just now cycled the previous year of less deep discounting and the comparisons will get a little clearer as we come across into the second -- I'm sorry, into the third and fourth quarter in the second half of the year.
B. Craig Owens: Well, first of all, Rob, a correction. No project has been canceled. That's the important point here. All of the new initiative spending has been funded. It's been funded at the level that we anticipated. In fact, we have funded some new initiatives that we didn't even have fully baked and ready to fund versus the time that we talked to you in July. What we did say is there's going to be less incrementality that's going to show up in the P&L. Because in the base business, we've made some decisions as we've come through the year, in some cases, to reallocate spending in a different way; in some cases, to take out spending that we didn't think was effective. So nothing has been canceled. With respect to R&D, I believe that R&D is likely to be up slightly for the year, but again you're seeing 2 things going on. One is some new initiative spending is going into R&D, and the other is some resource that we took out of the R&D spending line, as we did the reorganization of the business last year in a way that we do not take has hurt our innovation capability but has simply gotten rid of some nonproductive spending, basically.
B. Craig Owens: It's also important to recognize that much of our innovation spending, for example, the funding of our innovation teams, that expense sits in the marketing, overhead line within marketing and not within R&D.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. So I don't have a specific advertising number, although we are going to start -- in terms of forecast, I think we are going to start being a little bit more visible in terms of our A&C spending as we go forward. So we're working on that. A&C will be up. It's up 6% in this quarter, and it will be up for the year.
B. Craig Owens: We had weakness sort of across the spectrum there, Eric, in microwavable and Select Harvest and in Chunky. One bright spot was the introduction of Slow Kettle has been pretty well hitting its marks, so that was a positive. But honestly, RTS was weak across the portfolio.
