Mark Clouse: Thanks, Anthony. After my first month, I'm excited about the potential of our great people, brands and the opportunities for the company. We have a lot of work ahead, but the team is already taking action and making progress. We will remain focused on disciplined execution and driving clear ownership of our financial commitments, while we also ensuring our plans for the future are robust and delivering improved sustainable results going forward. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Great. Thanks, Andrew. So maybe a way into the answer is to start a little bit with -- what my take is, on what really a sustainable performance model looks like in our industry. I think there is really three ingredients. It's not that ultimately complicated on the whole lot more difficult to execute. But I think it starts with great brands and great ideas that are resourced appropriately, that enabled the Company to deliver sustainable profitable growth going forward. I think that's paired-in with great discipline around cost and cash flow, as an enabler to drive the fuel that you need for the brands and the investment while also creating more attractive financial returns. As much as I wish, that you could choose one or the other, I think what we've all learned in the industry over time is that, you really need the combination of both. I think the good news is, a lot of people tend to talk about these things somewhat as mutually exclusive items. And the fact of the matter is, a growing business actually has a lot more opportunity or flexibility to improve efficiencies and cost. So the idea that we're striking the right balance between what profitable growth we need, paired with the appropriate pipeline of cost savings and cash flow. To fuel that, I think it's critical, and I think the third component then is of high-powered team that's clear and focused on the priorities, that's delivering executional and operational excellence. And so I guess, when I took a look at Campbell and I started to spend more time with the team and an external perspective as well as getting to know the internal players as well. I would say that I see opportunity across all three of those variables. We have terrific brands, that arguably have been under resourced and perhaps not always focused on the way that I think we can, inclusive of what my sense is, is somewhat at least as of today, a somewhat underappreciated snack business, that I think has great opportunity going forward. Remember, post divestitures; that business is going to represent close to 50% of our revenue base as a Company and today it's growing in the low single digits, and I think there is a lot of good opportunity for us to build on that business going forward. And then I think you also have a soup business that arguably we're taking some good actions on in the near term. But as I said in my comments, and we can talk more about this, I think a much more holistic and comprehensive approach to soup, I think can further optimize that business going forward. And so as I look at that opportunity, I feel good that we can make improvements on the growth side of our algorithm while also feeling great about the pipeline of cost. The combination of our own cost initiatives which I believe are appropriate rationalization and discipline, without necessarily cutting to the bone on capabilities and things that I believe, we will ultimately need to succeed on the business, while also having the Snyder's-Lance value capture. That combination along with what I think is some very good working capital programs that are put in place in a stronger discipline on capital spending overall, along with the divestitures, enabling us to reduce debt. I think gives us that fuel that I talked about is the second ingredient. And then I think the third area, the team it's interesting when you come in to an organization that has had a relatively difficult past couple of years, sometimes you expect to see a team that might be hanging their head or feeling a little bit, well, it's me and I got to be honest, I've seen a very different attitude, it's a passion [ph] and ownership for the Company in the brand, a true belief that we should be performing better and an appetite to make changes to how our focus in our accountability is driven, that enables us, I think to begin to unlock some of that executional excellence that I talked about in point three. I certainly don't want to portray this as simple or an overnight fix. But I think as I looked at those elements and said, is there room and opportunity for improvements? I felt very good about that. And I think a clear roadmap, starting with the focus areas that Keith and the team might identify coming in, I think positions us well to make steady progress, and I believe an opportunity to create shareholder value over the future.
Mark Clouse: Well, I think Ken, a little bit of the challenge for us in the quarter, is there is a variety of moving pieces in this. Part of it is what we're comparing to a year ago, as well as some of the dynamics that we're experiencing on where we're infusing investment and how we're thinking about the promotional schedule. I do think the phasing over time, it was to some degree, it was affected by it. But I think the bigger drivers for us related to the fact that a year ago in this period, as we were navigating some pretty tough retail conversations, we did not reach what I would call the historical level for the seasonal inventory build. I think as we look forward, I think that will normalize over the balance of the quarters. Of course, you'll have a little bit of noise around revenue recognition changes as well, but I think in general, we'll see a little bit of consumption likely outpacing our shipments a bit in Q3, as we normalize that inventory level. But for the year, I expect it to be pretty equal across the Board.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Well, one of the things that was helpful was in the first week, I was on the job, we had [Indiscernible] in Florida. So I got to spend some good quality time with our retail partners in the first week. And I think in many ways, their response was pretty consistent which is -- we do expect you as the category leader of soup to help us understand the vision and really step-up and bring to bear a plan that can optimize the portfolio and with hope of being able to improve it going forward. And I think that call to action is a good one for us. When you think about the role that soup plays within the Company, I think it is undeniable that we have got to apply, as I said a bit in my comments, a better, a more holistic plan. Although I like and believe that the near-term actions we're taking are helping the cause. If you look at a couple of the places where we're supporting the business more directly, like cooking within condensed, you see flat shares on that portion of the business versus the decline overall on the franchise or chunky business that we've turned back on support, that we're actually growing share on that business for the first time in quite a while. And then continued growth on some of the health and wellness businesses has done well. Yes, in our broth business which has also done well. So, I feel good about those actions. But clearly, as you look at our end market results, we recognize that it's not enough. And so, I think what we've got to bring to bear here is a more holistic plan, and what I mean by that is clear definition of portfolio rolls for our individual brands across the range where we're really driving consumer relevance against each one. We get the fundamentals right, so price, package, quality and the support levels again, disciplined with good ROI. It's not grow at all costs, but a good approach to how we provide the right support behind the business and sustainable support behind the business. And then I think we had innovation that's going to bring relevant opportunities to enter into either new occasions or adjacent formats that I think soup can play perhaps a bigger role in, than what we're doing today. And then with that in place, I think we need to articulate a vision for retailers collaborating with them on how we rethink the shelf in the destination in the store. And that's traditional retail as well as some of the growth channels. And then backstop that, with network optimization and a supply chain model, that's going to ensure that we've got a margin architecture that's profitable over the future. So when I talk about that -- again it's somewhat early days, I don't, I would say we've got great work done in many areas, but we need to work the complete plan and we are doing that very, very rapidly. But I think, if we step up and take a full swing on this business with that kind of rigor across the plan, I think that's going to give us our best opportunity to improve the trajectory and also a signal the retailers our commitment to this category and the opportunities that I think it can represent. Again, not an overnight fix, but I think it's steady journey forward on our ability to do that. And as I said, we'll talk more about it when we get to the Investor Day in June.
Mark Clouse: Yes. So, let me let me hit the first part of that question head-on. Absolutely, it is imperative for us as a company, because regardless of what you may believe or know that we need to do relative to getting the balance right between supporting our brands and improving our top line trajectory, we need the opportunity that is created by the work around the cost agenda. As far as how I would categorize it, I think the good news is it's not one thing or silver bullet, its a variety of different initiatives that I think in each individual case is appropriately set. The reality is, as we have opportunity to improve our discipline and our rigor around a variety of different cost areas as well as what I think is a very well organized and put together value capture program for Snyder’s-Lance. I've been through a few of these and really what is important as you start to think about value capture agendas have you appropriately put ideas, programs and governance around each of the elements that are driving the savings, while also being realistic about where the investments may need to come out to support the business going forward. And I think we are -- we have done a very good job on lining up the elements that will fuel, the cost savings program. And again I think in some areas we’re more aggressive than others. But I would say in the areas that are related to our ability to perform or drive the business I think we take in an appropriate level of balance  I think on the investment side, so post the 945 million of savings, how do we think about investment? I think we made a lot of progress on that. But this is where I want to spend a little bit more time with the team and make sure that I'm crystal clear on what our expectations are and what we really believe we need to have in place to support the businesses. But I think it begins as you say with really that focus and orientation on generating the cost savings without replicating perhaps some of the challenges that we've seen emerge in our industry where it’s about cutting at the expense of our capability or going beyond what we think is appropriate for what our objectives are on the broader business.
Mark Clouse: So Anthony, why don't you take the guidance question and then I'll come back with how do we feel about soup.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think one of the things in the back half that we’re excited about is the -- as we come through the integration of the Snyder’s-Lance business, the team has done a very good job, building a pretty robust agenda both on the marketing and innovation funnel as we look at the back half of the year, and I would expect to see some increased investment, but also strengthening performance on some of those businesses which I think will help kind of compensate for what I still would expect to be a somewhat weaker trend on soup that we're working hard to improve on, but I think that balances how you get to the -- to the math that that lines up with the guidance.
Mark Clouse: I think we're cycling through a variety of those initiatives and I think again you know part of the dynamic here is really going back in and making sure that we're crystal clear on what the right price value equations are, how we navigate price gaps. So, I think as far as if you would if you're wondering whether it's a drag on the business going forward, I would say we feel pretty good about where we are on that journey and how we're set up for the back half of the year.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you everybody. Good morning, Mark. Welcome to the company and appreciate you being on the call today.
David Driscoll: Can I ask -- I want to ask a follow-up to Ken's question. I really just wanted to understand about the big $945 million multi-year savings program. Can you -- I got to say this is -- this looks to me like it should be the number one item on your list. But I want to hear that from you, I know there is -- probably it feels like there should be a lot of Number one items, but you got to prioritize these items. Have you had enough time to really delve into the details of the program? And I know you partially answered the question a moment ago, but I can't underscore enough how much I think investors are sensitive to it. What we all want to know desperately is, is this program aggressive in your opinion? Is there -- are there parts of this? Because, you again, to Andrew's point earlier, I mean we just saw a spectacularly bad event last week. So then, what is it mean for these types of savings programs? In your initial assessment, would you characterize the savings program as aggressive? And then I have a follow-up, please.
David Driscoll: And then, a quick one on your sales guidance. So I think you guys added a one point negative impact from foreign exchange, the dollar numbers don't change. So organic revenues are up, your end market performance negative five. I’m just getting a lot of questions, Anthony, and Mark if you want to answer. But how do you maintain the dollar guidance with soup down five and foreign exchange headwind coming in? Can you just help us bridge how the full year is going to pace and why does soup performance is okay, enable to allow you to reiterate the sales? Thank you.
