Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the second quarter earnings call for Campbell Soup's fiscal 2016. With me here in New Jersey are Denise Morrison, President and CEO; Anthony DiSilvestro, CFO; and Blake MacMinn, Senior Manager Investor Relations. As usual, we've created slides to accompany our earnings presentation. You will find the slides posted on our website this morning at investor.campbellsoupcompany.com. This call is open to the media who participate in a listen-only mode. Today we'll make forward-looking statements, which reflect our current expectations. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates, which could be inaccurate and are subject to risk. Please refer to slide two or our SEC filings for a list of factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements. Because we use non-GAAP measures, we have provided a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, which is included in our appendix. With that, let me turn the call over now to Denise.
Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President: Thanks, Anthony. We will now start our Q&A session. Since we have limited time, out of fairness, if you would, to other callers, please ask only one question at a time.
Kenneth Gosnell - Vice President: All right. Thank you, everyone, for joining our second quarter earnings call and webcast. A full replay will be available about two hours after the call concludes by going online or calling 1-703-925-2533. The access code is 1668326. You have until March the 10th at midnight, at which we point we move our earnings call strictly to the website, investor.campbellsoupcompany.com under News & Events – just click on the webcast. If you have further questions, please call me, Ken, at 856-342-6081. If you are a reporter with questions, please call Carla Burigatto, Director of External Communications, at 856-342-3737. This concludes today's program. Thank you.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. We expect that the emerging markets that we currently have footholds in, and that is China and in Southeast Asia, will continue to be viable markets for our business, particularly our Global Biscuits and Snacks business, which is growing, despite the fact that their overall growth rates are down, particularly in China. We do think that even though their growth rates have slowed, they're still growing faster than the domestic market. And we also know that 70% of the growth in the food industry is going to come from emerging markets over the next decade. So we believe we need to continue in a smart way to expand our geographic footprint. That said, we'll continue to look for smart M&A, both in emerging markets and also domestically in sync with our strategy.
Denise M. Morrison: And Chris, I'll take the second part of that question. As our cost savings have materialized earlier than expected, we are also accelerating our investments where it's prudent to do so. So it's very choiceful and it's across all three of our divisions. So in C-Fresh, we're going to be supporting our strongest innovation effort in several years with 14 new products, including six new varieties of 1915. In Global Baking and Snacking, we're investing in Goldfish with the launch of organic wheat Goldfish. We're investing in Tim Tam and the relaunch of Shapes in Australia. And then in the Americas, we still have marketing activity that, remember, we staged later in the year to support our soup and our beverage businesses, as well as product launches across Simple Meals and a robust pipeline for Plum Organics. So we have a lot of activity planned in the second half and this does reflect an acceleration.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. Well, first of all, when you step back, the entire wet soup category was down 3% and we were down 4%. And we were up in condensed by 2% and up in broth by 7%. In RTS, particularly in Chunky, is where we experienced our issue. And recall we did take net price realization. So that's a combination of pricing actions and also promotion actions. And that's not an easy one because you've got a marketplace where some of the marketplace is at high-low on promotions and some of it is EDLP. So finding that right rhythm is an important idea. The other thing is the competitive landscape. We have to take that into consideration as well. In the case of Chunky, we actually had a promotion on pack label that caused consumer confusion. And we are largely out of that right now, so that one is behind us. And then finally, we launched a portfolio campaign, which really helped our condensed soup, but it did not do the job on brand Chunky. And so it wasn't until later in the quarter that we came in with dedicated advertising, and that will continue into quarter three. And, again, I'm not really one to give the weather report, but it really was, relative to last year, a much warmer winter. So we really expect soup to grow modestly, consistent with other center-store categories. We are continuing to invest in the soup business and we are continuing to invest in the quality of the product. So it's not any one silver bullet. It's a combination of things.
Denise M. Morrison: Each segment of the soup business, we have a different promotion strategy and we work in joint business planning with retailers on the right execution to get the best return for the investment.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. Well, I think longer term we expect to strike the right balance of net price realization and volume. And we'd like to grow soup and Simple Meals modestly over time. That's in line with the expectations for those categories. So that portfolio role was thought through very carefully. And what we've learned over the years is, when we expect the categories to grow beyond what their portfolio momentum can do, we wind up spending inefficiently to get there. And so it's really an important idea to make sure that we are investing appropriately to be competitive in those categories and drive modest growth while we keep an eye on our margin expansion.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. Well, I mean, each segment of the category has its competitive set, and we run the soup business as a portfolio. And so when you think about the pricing spectrum in the portfolio, it's all the way from value condensed through higher end Slow Kettle and even into higher than that end refrigerated soup and then mainstream pricing in between. And so actually we think that the price realization on RTS was an important idea in the portfolio management of the category and we saw positive results on the condensed soup line this quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: I do think that when we planned our net price realization for the year, we did not expect competition necessarily to follow. However, we did notice more of a gap, particularly on promotions than we had planned for. So we are course correcting accordingly.
Denise M. Morrison: Actually, we have a pretty robust plan starting in the latter part of quarter two in January and all through quarter three and we were very pleased with the results in January.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. We did have higher advertising spending in the quarter and we continue to invest in advertising and brand building, and you'll see that continue into the second half. In terms of trade investment, again, we've focused on net price realization, which is the combination of pricing actions and promotion spending. We've created a Revenue Management group, which is working with Advanced Analytics to improve our effectiveness and make sure we take into consideration those programs that are working and not repeat those that aren't. So that's a change for us. And finally, we always are looking to invest our promotion investment with customers for a better return, so a better return for them and a better return for us. So, we are focused more on how we increase the quality of our spending. And basically, it's the combination of the ACT that we expect to be between 24% and 25% of sales. That hasn't changed.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. It's a great question and it's always been our intention to spend back a portion of the cost savings that we're realizing for the long term health of the business. Let me give you some examples. In the Americas, even though we're managing Americas for modest growth and margin expansion, the Americas still has some pockets of full force growth businesses. And we will continue to invest, first of all, in the quality of our products and making sure that we are looking at ingredients and the quality against our purpose of real food that matters for life's moments. Second of all, we continue to invest in our sauces business, which is really healthy, and our broth business. And then finally, having made the acquisition of Plum Organics, we're incredibly pleased with the performance of that business, and see a lot of runway in the innovation pipeline to make smart investments and continue to cultivate relationships with Millennial parents. In the Global Biscuits and Snacks front, we are very committed to expanding the Kelsen business in China and beyond. We have plans for increasing our footprint of the Tim Tam brands, and as I mentioned, we are continuously working on product quality, for example, the investment we're making back in our shapes business. We are in the United States continuing to work on our Goldfish brand, and we believe there's more growth in that brand, particularly as we move into products in the health and well-being space. And then finally, C-Fresh is our full force growth, and we've been very pleased with the portfolio of brands and categories in the produce area and in the deli part of the perimeter, inclusive of our refrigerated soup, that between the beverages, the salad dressings, the hummus, the salsas and the soup, we have a lot to work with, and we have capabilities in each one of those categories in shelf stable that we can actually bring into the fresh space, and we have a very energized team across all three of these divisions to do so. So I think based on five years ago, we have a lot more to work with, and so making sure that we make smart investments and have a discipline about it is important, but we have a lot of places where we can put our dollars.
Denise M. Morrison: Yeah. And on the subject of R&D, because we continue to emphasize improving our innovation, we have brought in strong leadership. In our redesign, our product development is embedded in the business divisions with strong support from the center, so we believe we have a very aligned organization to be more agile and more responsive in the marketplace.
Denise M. Morrison: Right. We engage with our retailers on joint business planning where we will work with them on understanding their goals and working on plans that deliver on their goals and our goals, and then set expectations and the appropriate spending to achieve those expectations. And then there's a very rigorous process along the way to engage them with what's working and what isn't working, so there's course correcting, et cetera. So we're really positive about the relationships that we have in order to plan and execute the business. We're very engaged with retailers on revitalizing the center-store. It has been sluggish and it is a major source of profit for retailers, and we believe that we've got the portfolio that not only can jazz the center-store, but it also toggles into the perimeter as well, because many of our brands in the center-store are used in conjunction with products that consumers will buy in the perimeter as well. So we continue to work with them on those kinds of goals. And they are mutual goals. So the way we look at our trade is as an investment where we hope to continue to build a return on that investment by good planning with retailers.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Okay. So I'll take that one. I'll comment first on the gross margin comment. Yes, we are giving guidance on gross margin, and we expect 175 basis points of gross margin improvement for the year. So that implies about a flattish back half, but let me try to give you some more context on this one. I think if you go back to last fiscal year 2015, it really is a story of two halves. In the first half of last year, gross margin was down about 2 points, and in the second half of last year gross margin was up 1.4 points, as we took some pricing and improved our supply chain performance in the back half. So if you look at it on a two-year basis, both the first and second half of this year are each up just over a point versus two years ago. And the reason we're flat in the back half is a couple of things, there are a couple of headwinds. One is higher promotional spending to support some new product launches and some key brands and, as I mentioned in my comments, the negative impact of currency on costs. So both our Australian business and Canadian business have a significant portion of their inputs that are denominated in U.S. dollars. And we were hedged for a while, but we're closer to market now on those currency impacts. So that's having an increasing impact. And we still had a little bit of cost inflation, although it's more moderate than certainly we had initially expected. And we believe we'll be able to offset all of that impact with continuing productivity gains and the benefits of our cost savings program.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: What we had on Chunky was moving up on the promotive price points more so than the other categories inside of soup.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, I'll start and then see where we go here. I think the first point to make is that we are confident that the portfolio today can deliver long-term sales in that 1% to 3% range on a currency neutral basis. And I think if you think about the portfolio roles that we've assigned to each of our divisions, Americas Simple Meals and Beverages, moderate growth, in line with the categories. We have a very good portfolio in Global Biscuits and Snacks; that should certainly be able to grow towards the high end of that range. And then C-Fresh, the performance of late has not been that great and there's some reasons for that and we're going to lap some of those reasons, so we do expect much better top line growth out of Campbell Fresh than we've seen to-date. So I think if we just think about the portfolio that we have, we do expect that to grow. On the other hand, and we pointed this out at CAGNY, we've made some good progress diversifying the portfolio and getting into higher growth spaces. We've done four acquisitions, as you know, over the last few years, and we will continue to look for opportunities to push further into higher growth spaces. That being said, we continue to be disciplined in how we approach M&A. Deals have to be strategically compelling, they have to be financially attractive, and they have to be able to create shareholder value for us. So we'll continue to do that and see how we go.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, I think it's still pretty rich. The multiples are still pretty high. That being said, like I said, we have a pretty diligent effort in the area and group of people looking at it. We have a pipeline. It's not a long, long list of opportunities. It's fairly tight. We continue to build relationships with companies that are perhaps family-owned or private and we'll just continue to work it.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah. And the first part of your question on selling expense, selling expense is down, and we went through a pretty significant reorganization. As we redesigned the divisions, we also reduced some of the staffing levels in some of our sales organizations, which is coming through as well.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yeah, I can take that one. I mean, certainly we are very pleased with the cost savings we have been able to achieve and our gross margin performance. And I think one way to look at that is we are planning to invest some of those savings, and we're going to start to see that in the second half in new product launches and key brands and longer term innovation ideas, capability building in areas like digital and e-commerce. That being said, we raised our savings target, so we think there's more savings to capture. That should benefit gross margin as well as our overhead costs, and I think that together with the role of Americas Simple Meals and Beverage targeting margin expansions, that we think there's enough funding there to do a couple of things. One is to make these investments in the business and to continue to target achieving our long-term growth objectives of 1% to 3% sales, 4% to 6% EBIT and 5% to 7% EPS. So I think we feel good about where we are, and continue to grow from – plan to grow from there.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: We have a pretty disciplined process for making these types of investments, and the cost savings came in faster than we expected and we couldn't turn on a dime that quickly to reinvest. So we're starting to see some of it in the back half, and we'll continue to see that into fiscal 2017. But it really is those – it's just difficult to move that quickly on the investment side.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I'll take that one. So against the now $300 million target, we did $85 million last year, we did $30 million in the first quarter, and we did $50 million in the second quarter. So year-to-date, first half we're at $80 million against our incremental savings target this year of now $120 million to $140 million. So we're kind of two-thirds of the way into that. That $80 million comes from a combination of head count and non-head count, and that splits about evenly. In terms of P&L, it's about a third cost, two-thirds non-cost, and within the non-head count, it's – couple of examples of some of the big drivers would be travel and entertainment, non-working marketing, and on the cost side, some of our transportation cost savings initiative. We kind of redid our entire freight lane structure, and at the end of last year, we're seeing better rates. We're seeing almost no usage of the spot market. We're seeing better truck weights. We're seeing less miles. We're seeing less inter-plant shipments. So we're really seeing a lot of nice benefit on the transportation and warehousing side coming through too.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: So, first on the admin expense. The primary driver of the increase is incentive compensation cost. Last year below target, this year above target. Ex-that, the admin would be down as a result of our cost savings initiative, so that's what you see on the P&L. Inside of costs, the inflation on input cost was about flat compared to year ago. So it was neither a help nor a hindrance on gross margin, but it's certainly been more modest than it's been. And in costs, what you're seeing is a few different things coming out of the supply chain and kind of breaking down into three chunks. One is it's just better supply chain performance. And what we mean by that is that the plants are operating at higher efficiency levels, our customer service levels are back above our targets, and as a result, we see lower inter-plant shipments. We see fewer less-than-truckload shipments, so we have better weights. We actually have less miles. So that's all kind of within how we're operating. And then we have a portion of our cost savings initiative that's coming through, and this is primarily in the area of transportation and the fact that we reworked our entire transportation network last year. So we re-contracted it, we have increased the committed carrier capacity. At the same time, we've achieved lower rates, and as a result of our service levels being where they are, we really had almost zero use of the spot market so that that's a premium cost we had last year, we don't have this year. And the third bucket is what we call productivity, where we have specific action supply chain is taking to generate cost savings. And couple of examples within that would be the capacity additions in Bolthouse Farms and in our U.S. broth business have allowed us to repatriate production from co-packers, so we're seeing that benefit come through. The other one is our soup common platform initiative, which we're also seeing benefit on the P&L. And lastly, warehousing capacity, we've made some investments in our own internal warehousing so we've reduced several lines on third-party warehouses and some of those cost reductions are coming through as well.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: I don't have that number off the top of my head here. I mean, certainly we are seeing fairly significant savings in nonworking marketing coming through that line. And as Denise said, advertising and consumer spending is actually up in the quarter, but you see marketing expense on the P&L and we don't see it's (1:03:41) within selling and marketing is down, and that's primarily driven by all the work we've done on the cost savings side, both head count and some of our other nonworking marketing expenses.
