Mark Clouse: sure. Yes. So 4% to 6%, to kind of build it up, anticipates what I would describe on the pricing side as kind of low teens pricing and then likely a couple hundred or so basis points of promotional spend back. So think of it as kind of double-digit net pricing impact. So there is no outsized promotional spend, but there is some reinvestment, as we had anticipated. Elasticities have continued to be very positive versus historical levels. But as we land fully Wave 3 pricing that rolled out in P12 of ‘22, we’ve been seeing elasticities in about the 50% range, better on snacking, a little bit of a step-up as anticipated for next year, probably more like 60% of historical elasticities. And then you’ve got some tailwinds as we have kind of pushed some of the inventory recovery forward from ‘22 to ‘23. I’ll explain that, I’m sure, in a bit. But – and the step-up in investment that we have. And so collectively, you put those pieces together, you get to the 4% to 6%. I think as you think about the year and where the incrementality of pricing sits as well as where the supply recovery will probably be most prevalent, we’re anticipating a stronger first half growth. In particular, Q1, I think we will have a positive relationship to consumption, a little bit of a flip of Q4 as we saw a little bit of timing of shipments move into Q1.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Sure. So maybe let me give a little bit more color. And Mick, feel free to jump in if I miss something. But on the EBIT side, to kind of give you a little bit of the building blocks there, as Mick said, we continue to expect inflation next year in the low teens, is what we’ve positioned it as, with pricing and some of our productivity covering that. And then the balance of productivity and cost savings are really more than enough to offset the step-up in investment in marketing and selling as well as covering the pension that Mick laid out. So I think the net of that is modest overall EBIT growth, probably a relatively flat gross margin as you think about the – where the building blocks come from. I generally don’t like to guide the gross margin, but I think stable is the way I would describe it. I also think, as you’re thinking about our investment and how much and where are we, we’ve talked a lot about the goal of getting into that 9% to 10% range for marketing and selling. I think you should anticipate for ‘23, we will be on the low end of that range, but a step up from where we were in ‘22 as we build that back. When you think about phasing for the year, I do think it’s a little bit of a reverse story from the top line. I think you’ll see probably our toughest quarter on inflation in the first quarter as well as a place where I would expect to see investment returning. As you might remember, a year ago, we were in a little bit of a supply-constrained world, and thus then adjusting some of the investments that we had. We will see that come back. And then I think the other thing that’s important to note is the pension that Mick talked about two-thirds of that will be in the first half of the year. And so as you put those things together, the way I would expect as a Q1 where margins will be a little challenged and then kind of stabilizing, normalizing as we go through the year to deliver that relatively overall stable gross margin and modest improvement in EBIT. I think what’s important, just to point this out, but I’m sure it’s kind of self-explanatory in the numbers. But the EBIT without the pension in it, we’re 1% to 5% growth on the base, but without the without the pension in there, we’re 4% to 8%, which would put us very much in line with our long-term guidance and EPS kind of rolls through to the same kind of dynamic. So at the end of the day, I think when you look a little bit past the accounting on the pension, the underlying guide, I think, continues to support the momentum and progress that we’ve been talking about and describing.
Mark Clouse: Yes. Maybe a way to do that, Ken, is to give you a little bit of color on Q4. Because I do think, to some degree, an expectation that net sales would have been perhaps at or favorable to consumption might have been an expectation out there. And I will say that relative to our own modeling, we saw a little bit more of the shipment timing move into Q1. But maybe it will be helpful to bridge Q4 and then I’ll tell you kind of what to think about as you get into Q1. So I think probably the biggest shift, if you will, in the difference between the two, and this was a little bit of a unique dynamic, but I think the right call, which was to roll out our Wave 3 pricing in the last month of ‘22. And that was really designed to ensure that we had the pricing fully reflected and in place as we stepped off in fiscal ‘23. However, in a month where you’re executing pricing, I do think we saw a little bit slower, especially as it relates to inventory recovery as we executed that. The good news is, as we project in the Q1, that’s probably a couple of hundred basis points of difference that I think will move into the Q1 timing. And as we start the year, we see momentum as – in support of that. So I think that’s the first piece. The other two, as we have continued to prioritize the retail environment, some of the non-measured channels, especially on snacking, it was about 200 basis points of headwind for our snacks business, about 100 basis points overall for the company of decline in unmeasured channels, which is part of that bridge as well. And then perhaps the final piece, but on a smaller level of contribution, although I feel tremendous about the progress we’re making on supply chain, we still have a few businesses where material availability has slowed full supply recovery. That’s primarily Lance late July in V8, where each of them have their own kind of material availability challenge that will take us some time into ‘23 to fully recover. So you put that into the mix as well. So as you think about Q1, imagining that we’re a couple of hundred basis points ahead of kind of in-market consumption, I do think the unmeasured channels will stabilize and be more in line as supply fully comes back in line, especially in our snacking businesses. And so I think that’s probably a good way to kind of think about the dynamics of the movement from Q4 to Q1 and maybe a little bit of explanation on why you might not have seen a little bit more top line, in particular, on the snack business in Q4.
Mark Clouse: Yes, yes. No. And I think we tried to kind of allude to that is, as we were moving from Q3 into Q4, that as supply came back in line and given the nature of snacking, it is probably more important to get that balance of promotion right. And it’s interesting when you look at snacks in the fourth quarter, although you did see about 400 basis points of step-up in promotional spend, you also saw vol mix that was down only about 3 points, which relative to the total net pricing we took would imply a very low elasticity. And part of that is the nature of snacking. And so what we want to make sure we are doing perhaps more so in snacking than other categories is really ensuring that we stay competitive as it relates to units, because in the end, that’s really what’s indicative of the future health of the business. And so I think that balance is what we are striking. I do not think you will see 400 basis points as an ongoing runway. I do think we – the summer does tend to be a little bit more historically promoted period. And so you saw that. And given what we were lapping, which was very light on promotion. I think it’s a more normalized view of promotion than it might have looked at first glance with 400 basis points. But as I think you get into ‘23, I think it will. As I said, 200 basis points, probably a little more distortion to snacking, but generally in that ballpark for the year is a good assumption.
Mark Clouse: Yes. And by the way, just as closing that out, I mean that is why you saw, I think in Q4 the unit share performance that I talked about in the remarks. And the fact that we were growing units in salty snacks, which is perhaps the most fiercely competitive segment of snacking was – in my mind, as I thought about what we were trying to accomplish in the quarter, was a very positive outcome.
Mark Clouse: So, I think if you did that math, if you rolled that math together, I think it will allow for you to have a little bit of kind of offset to where you would see marketing and selling up and the pension recovery with cost savings relative to then a gross margin that I think will be healthy, but generally, probably pretty stable.
Mark Clouse: No. And that’s what we would have expected, right. So, private label in our soup business really is prevalent in two places. It’s the condensed business and it’s the broth business. And those are the two places where we recognize where we have got to be very, very on top of price gaps and the overall value proposition. I think the one piece of context that I will just give to you that I do think is important, and I mentioned it in my comments, in a condensed world where we are 80% of the category, and the category is up double digits, that is a good thing for us overall. Although, again, I am never happy or satisfied with any share loss at all. I do think the overall strength of the segment has been very positive. I think further to that, we have tried to really carve out the parts of the condensed business that we want to make sure that we are defending in a more perhaps vigorous way. And that’s – we describe it as our icons, but that’s essentially chicken noodle, tomato, cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, these are the kind of juggernauts of condensed. And when we look at those head-to-head versus private label, we are actually winning on share expansion and growth. What is – where the decline is coming from is on a lot of the flankers, which tend to be a little bit higher priced. There are things like healthy requests and some of the longer tail on flavors. And so as we go into ‘23, what we are really going to be trying to do is maintain that focus on icons, but also providing a little bit more support behind the broader portfolio to try to continue to bring kind of a full solution to bear, if you will for condensed. And so although I expect that pressure to be there, especially in the first half until we kind of cycle where we were when pricing really kind of took hold in the back half, I do feel very good about where we are. And it’s very consistent to where we expected to be. And again, if the category can continue to maintain the momentum, I think it bodes well for us longer term as well. I think broth, as I have always said, it’s kind of the toughest because arguably, it is the most commoditized segment of the soup business. But I will say, I feel the best about our offerings that we have ever had as we roll into ‘23. We have got a quality improvement that now tests superior to private label. We have also got packaging constructs that are unique to us that will bring value and convenience. And so I think we put our best foot forward. And I think this holiday season will be a good initial test of that. And so we are geared up and ready to go there. But I think that category or segment continues perhaps to be one of our most challenging longer term, but I feel very confident that the condensed business, we are very well positioned on. And then just to round it out, I mean on ready-to-serve, I feel terrific about where we are there. Shares have been improving. Our Chunky business is really just doing fantastic. Well, yes, continues to plot its course of recovery. I mean Chunky is growing top line share and units. So, we have got everything going in the right direction. We have got a terrific pipeline of innovation. We have added Pacific in a material way to ready-to-serve now. And we have got a whole another new lineup of ready-to-serve organic Soups and Chilis with Pacific. So, I feel really good about that, and I think that’s evident in our results. So, when I take a step back on soup, I would just say, again, I am never going to be okay with share loss. But I don’t think it’s inconsistent with what we expected. I think we have got good action plans against the different pieces. And I do expect us to continue to show progress. And if at the end, the underlying dynamic is continued strong growth in the category, ultimately, that will be a very good thing for us.
Mark Clouse: Yes. What it is, Jason, is a little bit of decision-making between where we steer supply in the short-term. So, I don’t feel at all like it will be a problem in the future at all. But I do think in the fourth quarter, we have made some decisions to strengthen our presence in some of the retail channels where we had been weaker on supply and kind of prioritized recovery there. I think you will see strong recovery as we go into the – into fiscal ‘23. And I don’t think you will see that as a drag on the business at all as we go forward. And yes, it’s a very healthy channel and one we want to be present in going forward or healthy channels that we want to be present in going forward. But in the fourth quarter, it was a little bit of pick your spot. And we decided that we prioritize the retail first.
Mark Clouse: Yes. I think the biggest indicator I can give you, Jason, is that we are not talking about anything even remotely broader or deeper than historical levels. And honestly, even with the Q4 example that I gave, we are still not back. And nor do I think we need to go all the way back to historical levels. At the same time, I do think that snacking in general, because of so much of the impulse decision-making that’s there, the balancing act between the two is perhaps a little bit more important. So, there is no shift in strategy. And again, I continue to be very confident in our ability to drive the margin goals that I know you and I have talked a lot about over the years and continue to see a runway. And even in the quarter, right, where we delivered that kind of investment, although our margins were off of, I think 30 basis points, it’s a really stable margin on the business that I expect to continue to accelerate as we get into ‘23. So, I don’t think you should have any concern at all about some shift in strategy that’s going to result in margin erosion. I do think what you should expect is some recovery of the promotion that has left the segment as we continue to kind of be in a position where we want to stay as competitive as possible. So, I think where you will land at the end is less probably promotion than we had historically, but certainly more than what we had last year, because it just was – it was too much. And again, it was because we didn’t have supply. And so I do expect that recovery to come. So, yes, please don’t read too much into this. It’s really about the recovery. But I do think in a world where inflation is so dramatic, continuing to calibrate volume and making sure you know where your volumes and your units are is a very important aspect of recognizing are we pricing in the right balance. So, I would tell you that it’s probably more about the overarching sustainability of the broader strategy and making sure that we have got that balance right.
Mark Clouse: Maybe I will do innovation first and then we will back into the capital. But – so if you remember on Investor Day, we showed a slide that had essentially kind of a historical run rate of about 1.5%. And then for ‘22, we had 2% innovation for – as our target, which we delivered, and saw momentum even on that as we were kind of exiting the year. As we move forward, we expect that to get back up into the 2% to 3% to 3% to 4% over time. And that is, in our mind, really kind of best-in-class. And again, you expect there to be a bit more innovation flowing through your snacks business just because of the nature of that category. But what I felt this year was important in a world where we were wrestling with a lot of external variables was to stay on track to deliver the goal that we laid out in Investor Day was a good step up. And then now with an even bigger pipeline in the future, we feel great about where we are going and where we are headed in the future. And I think our capital is really built to support that, but also with a good amount of it that’s related to continued cost savings and productivity. But Mick, I will let you…
Mark Clouse: Yes. It actually did. It just happened much earlier in the quarter. And then in the – normally, what we do on pricing, right, just the way that the nature of executing these, it tends to be at the turn of quarters. And you end up getting a little bit of an inventory build as you kind of roll out of the quarter and then a little bit slower start as people work through their lower-priced inventory before they replenish. I think the desire to get pricing in place for ‘23 led us to push that a little bit more forward. And I am really glad we did, because in the end, we are in a great position headed into the year. We are at a much stronger and kind of Wave 3 pricing fully behind us is what we wanted. But I will say that where you would normally have perhaps a little more of incentive to build in the final month, you just didn’t see that quite as much. And anyhow, at the end of the day, I think the good news is, as I have said, very consistent with prior circumstances, in this month, we are seeing that bounce back as you would expect. And so I think the good news is that it kind of carries that opportunity a little bit into Q1. And I think that in many aspects will be beneficial.
