Mark Clouse: Sure. Yeah, and maybe Carrie and I can kind of tag team together. So yeah, let's first talk about the top line. The first thing that I would just say is -- the good news is through the second quarter, we're essentially right where we expected to be on top line. And I think that sequential improvement that we saw from Q1 to Q2 is very important because that's -- that kind of supports, if you will, a little bit of the trajectory that we anticipated and planned for the back half. I think you hear a little bit more cautious tone relative to the ranges. And from the beginning, we've kind of said the guidance range kind of is predicated on a little bit of the sensitivity of the speed at which we see some of these categories responding, and I think what you're getting from us is just a little bit more probably not so much of a specific factor, but more of just a bit of caution and ensuring that we see the variables that we expect and whether that indicates low or high end of the range. So we're certainly not suggesting that we are for sure on the low end of the range. But from what we can see in variables today, I thought it was prudent to kind of position it that way. Now why do we see sequential improvement in the back half? Well, the first thing I just would point out, this is not some massive hockey stick, right? So we kind of down 2% in Q1, down 1%, as we said, kind of flat to 1% in Q3, sequentially better in Q4. So it's a pretty steady drumbeat of more modest improvement as we go through the back half of the year. And I think as we've said all along, one of the biggest variables that gives us confidence, and this is one of those areas that I think, in looking at kind of pacing or benchmarking with other companies in this moment of transition, part of it is what you're lapping and when you're lapping it, that sets up a little bit of the speed of recovery. But we're -- as you know, we are lapping in the first half of the year, growth rates that were closer to 13%, 14%. And in the back half, we're going to be lapping 5%. On volume, just to give you a little bit of that delta, in the first half of '23, we were cycling about 1.5% of vol mix decline. We move into the back half, we're going to be lapping about a 6% vol mix decline. So both on the net sales and the vol mix, the comps are going to get significantly easier. So in theory, if you didn't expect any improvement in consumer dynamics, you would essentially see some sequential improvement that kind of supports the glide path we're on. Now what we're hoping for is that the combination of what we're doing, which I think our execution to date has been a point of pride for the company, especially as you look at our performance through the holidays. And we've got a lot of ammunition. We probably have one of the strongest back half innovation funnels we have on paper, about 1% of growth contributed from our innovation, very strong marketing. You won't see the incremental step-up in the back half that you've been seeing as we've kind of settled in at that 9% of net sales for marketing and selling as we go into the back half. But I would say very, very focused, highly relevant. We've -- continue to learn a lot about what's working in this environment, and we'll continue to drive it. And then finally, it is not as if we're not seeing some green shoots. I always feel like I'm cheating a little bit. Reporting after CAGNY, I get to hear everybody's point of view on the consumer. The good news is I think much of the dialogue would be quite consistent with what we're seeing. Consumer sentiments improving, household penetration in many of the categories have kind of turned the corner. We're seeing improvement, albeit still fewer trips to the supermarket, we're seeing a little bit of a step back up in the number of categories purchased, the number of servings purchased. All of those, to me, provide pretty compelling evidence that we will see the turn. And just as a reminder, our two-year comps, right, are continuing to look very strong, plus 6% in the second quarter as an example. And even with the numbers that I was giving you relative to outlook for the back half, you'd be in a similar two-year comp range. And so it's not as if on a two-year basis, you're seeing some catastrophic structural change. But there is no doubt that the speed of recovery is what we're all trying to pay. So those are all good signs for us and give us the potential of seeing improvement faster than what we may be projecting today. But that gives you a little bit of probably pretty broad real estate of exactly why we feel very good about the back half, although we may be a little bit more pragmatic with our outlook right now, I'm still hopeful that there's a lot of variables in the last six months that we could see that accelerate.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. No, I think, Ken, what I would tell you, from a Campbell standpoint, our performance relative to the categories is very consistent in the sequence of improvement and the strength in different areas. Again, from what we've seen in the beginning of the year, through, I mean, continued strength on broth and all of our cooking businesses, as that stays highly relevant for consumers very, very strong, a little bit more softness on ready-to-eat soups but not different than what we would have expected. I think the -- let's call it a little bit of the hesitation has probably been more anchored in the speed at which the categories are recovering. And I would say, from a Meals and Beverage standpoint, pretty much in line with the trajectory, I mean, I think everybody is aware that January was obviously a very strong month and arguably a little bit better due to the weather. Although what I would tell you is, as we think about it and look at it, the good news is, that weather is more normal than what we've had the last couple of years. So always difficult to talk about weather. But I think January generally pretty strong, but the trend -- the underlying trend in the categories, pretty much where we expected. I would say Snacks is a little bit slower. If there's one where in the category dynamics, we're seeing a little bit more moderation. But I do continue to be reminded that when I look at these businesses and look at these categories on a two-year basis, you continue to see really strong results. I mean, in fact, our power brands which are two-thirds of our business on a two-year basis are up 12%. So there probably was a little bit maybe of overshooting relative to expectation on the speed of recovery in the Snacks ones. But I think relative to what we expected or what's giving us a little bit of, I would say, pragmatism, because again, I want to be really clear, we've got a lot of months left in the year to see us continue to shape the curve based on our own execution. But I would say those are the areas that are giving us a little bit more of this outlook that's moving a bit down. And remember, we guided in pretty tight ranges, too. So the difference between one and zero, not insignificant, but certainly, I think in a world where it's pretty variable right now, I think a little bit of pragmatism is probably appropriate.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, no, I think what you're seeing is generally a pretty consistent with history. As funny as I -- a lot of the devil is in the detail of unpacking these categories. And it's interesting, as I talked about that two-year CAGR on power brands for us, as you pull back and look a little deeper at the salty categories, they are the strongest two-year growth rates that we have within the business. So arguably, salty is lapping the most challenging comps of -- given the strength of where it was a year ago. I do think, as I've said all along, this is salty snacks, right? So this is not a category where you're not going to have promotion, where you're not going to have competitiveness as you think about the players that are in this space. But I'm not seeing anything that indicates to me that people are becoming irrational or that they're trying to chase the cycling down. Again, I would say, whether it's -- we under-anticipated the strength that we were lapping or whether the category is a little more challenged than we expected in the near term, I am really not worried about this being structural. And even when I look at some of those early lead consumer indicators, like I mentioned before, you're seeing positive movement. I truly believe this is not a matter of if these categories respond, it's just a matter of when, and trying the time it, engage it, is what makes the current moment we're in a little bit more challenging. But structurally speaking, I'm not seeing anything that gives me any real pause, relative to what I think is going to be a very, very healthy longer-term trajectory for us, both in the salty side but also in the cookie and cracker side.
Mark Clouse: So maybe I'll jump in first on the top line. So Canada and foodservice continue to be performing extremely well. Now as you might remember, Peter, we had the nice recovery of a year ago in foodservice, but it was still positive, low single digits. Canada had an especially strong quarter. It contributed about 1 point of growth. And so if you're doing the math between net sales and end-market consumption, one might ask the question of, all right, if you got a point of contribution from NAFS and Canada and Meals and Beverage, why were you a little bit lower? And that was a function of actually seeing a bit more depletion of inventory in the second quarter. And again, I think I wouldn't call that a big indicator of an upsized recovery in Q3, but I think a little bit of just normalizing as we ran through the holiday season, which is always a little bit of a guessing game relative to inventory. So I think we're finishing in a very good spot, but we got a little bit of help from NAFS and Canada that we're able to balance a bit, a little bit of inventory pressure on the base business, but you're talking in totality within about 1 point of movement on the meals and beverage side.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So needless to say, this is may be more exciting to us than the outside world, but this is a really important step in the journey because really, since I've been on the business, when you look at our business and you see the complexity of multiple DSD routes on snacking and you see the disparity geographically in scale, it does really beg the question of is there no way to put these businesses together? And I think what we did, which was smart was to kind of tread lightly and move in a very methodical and pragmatic way. But you now hear us kind of through what has been a couple of years of really working on what's possible and feeling really good about what we're learning on the combo routes. And so as you can imagine, one of the questions we had to answer is, okay, you have an independent distributor that's now going to two aisles in the store. And so what you -- what inherently you're going to have to have is enough scale that represents or that is still economically beneficial for that independent distributor to spend more time in a single store. So the math in this to get it to really work well to make it the win-win that we want it to be is this opportunity of maximizing in-store execution, while the economics of the drop size is being substantial enough that it really encourages or make these routes attractive, while also dealing with the fact that when you're underscaled on these routes, and this may not be as obvious to everybody, is, as you might imagine, if the economics are not good on routes for an independent distributor, it's a real challenge for them and the ability to invest in their business, the ability for them to dedicate the time and effort is a real challenge. And so the better we make the economics, the better it is for the IDP and the better the service and support is for our business and for the customer. And so I think what you hear us saying today is that we actually feel really good about it. And I just would say the other big question that we had was, okay, if we're buying back routes, how complicated or difficult, how long will we have to hold the routes before we get a buyer? And I would say what's been really exciting, although, again, I think you hear a level of, again, pragmatism in the rollout as we continue to validate this as we go, but the early signs is it's a fairly expedited process, right? We kind of line up the right buyers, we get them ready, we acquired the routes and then in many cases, these are people that are in our network already. They may be an owner of existing Pepperidge Farm route or a Snyder's-Lance route. And so the speed at which to convert on that has been very good. And so now this gives us kind of the final piece of the puzzle to being able to plot forward, to really a single snacks network, even though in much of the country, you'll still see a dedicated Pepperidge Farm and a dedicated Snyder's-Lance truck, it's all running through the same singular network. And in places where we didn't have the scale, you'll see these combo routes that are going to give us a great expansion of what I would call the same level of support we're getting in those scaled markets, we'll now be able to deliver in a much larger percent of the country, which is why we're so excited about it.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So obviously -- so as we said, it's about 20 -- to do the -- all of the markets that we've sorted into kind of, let's call it, underscaled with the potential of combo, it's about a fifth or about 20% of the routes we have. As you may remember, we've talked about this part of the journey really being a component of several different elements that come together to really address route to market. So the combination of the warehouses, the combination of the depots, added technology and capability both for the IDPs as well within our warehouse network, and now this ability to convert into combo routes in a fifth of the country. The economics of this, relative to how we've managed the investment, is both an efficiency and an effectiveness play. So the good news is you're getting margin and efficiency, arguably a bit more through the warehouse consolidation and the depot consolidation, although I would say combo routes are going to give you some intrinsic savings as well. But then as you move to the idea of where the effectiveness comes from, I think the technology upgrades as well as the combo routes are going to give us a very healthy boost in some markets where arguably, we've been underperforming as we've been just lighter on scale and support. And so the economics of this are really the combination of both what we perceive to be the improvement in top line, which, of course, is still at the heart of what we want Snacks doing, but also contributing to the business. So what -- and we'll talk a little bit more about this in Investor Day, but what you're seeing, not inconsistent with what we talked about in the past is, it's probably 50 basis points of margin that I would say is more directly related to distribution. I think the -- and that's really through a time frame of '26. I do think as you look beyond it and the timeline for completing this will give us a little bit of dry powder, even beyond the 17% that will give us some optionality, either to spend back and invest in the business or potentially drive margin even further beyond the 17% that we talked a little bit about today in fiscal '26. But in the near term, probably relative speaking, about 50 bps of margin benefit from it is a good kind of approximation.
Mark Clouse: Yeah, look, I think -- yeah, no, good -- very good question. I think the short answer to that is we're going to let shareholder value kind of drive a little bit of that dialogue. I will say that I've been very consistent, I think, from the beginning, that even if for whatever the economic case is for a split of the company, I would want to do that from a position of strength. And so the moves that you see us making and what we've been doing to kind of transform, I would say, the portfolio and the business over the last several years, is going to set up what I think is going to be a best-in-class grocery business with Meals and Beverage and a best-in-class snacking business, that on the Meals and Beverage side, you're now adding these very compelling growth stories in what we're calling more of the distinctive or premium brands, while having a very solid foundation of mainstream brands and a more differentiated Snacks business that now has a simplified both route to market and manufacturing platform that really gives us now, I would say, both halves of the business in its strongest position. And so now with that, as we kind of live into that over the next year or so, I think we'll have a great understanding of what is the value potential and how should we judge it versus other options. But know that we'll always look and evaluate. But right now, I feel like all roads through -- lead through executing and delivering on this vision that we have for both of the divisions. And I think if we do that, we're going to have a very compelling story within food.
Mark Clouse: Yeah. So, it's a great question. Goldfish is, as we said, kind of foundational in many ways, has been this great example for us of how do we drive these iconic differentiated snack brands. And the magic in Goldfish has really been this combination, I would say, of good base business support while expanding into adjacent consumer targets initially, and now with Crisps really into adjacent occasions, so that we're now able to begin to source from other snacking categories that fit better, like think of chips or more of a munching occasion that Goldfish is now competing with and off to an extraordinary start. You pair that with the success of our limited time offerings and much of our innovation in the past has been successful as well. You might have heard a little bit too of kind of a subtle nod to geographic opportunity, as I mentioned, as a more North American mega brand, and there is significant runway on Goldfish as we think about Canada and even Latin America. As we continue to dig deeper there, we're seeing real opportunity for white space in those areas. And so when I think about Goldfish, and I think about what we've done now to prove the expandability of the brand, I think it is a great blueprint. Now I would argue that we've done a very good job in other brands like Late July or Kettle Brand, where we've been able to add different occasions like air fried on Kettle, flavor variety that really brings excitement, the limited time offering model. You see us expanding that to other parts of the business, even more recently to cookies. If you haven't tried the London Fog, Milano, excellent product. And so there's a lot of -- I think, a lot of great learning that's going to travel to brands that are highly relevant in doing that. And I think you put those elements together, not only do you feel good about the continued runway or Goldfish, but even more along the way. And look, I don't think it's exclusive to snacking. I think the ability for us to bring the Goldfish playbook to Meals and Beverage is equally relevant. And I would argue that although, yes, we're cycling through a little tougher time on ready-to-eat soup, if you look over the last several years, I mean, Chunky has just had a great, great run, again, driven by a very similar approach of great foundational based marketing and just some super innovation that we've been bringing to the table, including some limited time offerings that have been quite effective as well. So I think the company in general, has distilled down a pretty good playbook now that, yes, was probably born of Goldfish and Chunky, but that you see us applying now more broadly across the portfolio. And I'll just conclude by saying, I think we're going to inherit another great playbook in the Sovos team and what they've been doing on building the Rao's brand. So I'm excited to kind of get that on the table as well and continue to use that as kind of evidence or support for why I think these businesses in the future are going to really be best-in-class in contributing steady, predictable, sustainable growth.
