B. Craig Owens: So Chris, to answer the last question first. I think that the expectation on inventory, if you look at the first quarter, not only did we work down some of the inventory overhang, if you will, from prior year, but retailers actually finished the quarter lower than prior year inventories. We would expect to get that back. And in fact, we have pretty good evidence that it's coming back for us in November. So yes, a partial reversal of some of the inventory issues there. The expectation with respect to organic sales growth going forward is that we would finish the year, I think, with a modest organic sales growth. So positive in the last 3 quarters.
B. Craig Owens: So I think, first of all, in the second quarter, we would -- as we said, we'd expect to recapture some of the first quarter impact of sales below consumption or lower retailer inventories. Across the year, we will see the progressive benefit of new products and innovation that will help the top line. As we mentioned, in our Foodservice business, we're lapping the loss of one of our major customers, so the first quarter is the last time that you see that impact. Clearly, the Plum impact in the first quarter is a one-off in terms of the recall amount, though there may be some ongoing impact on the Plum business as we go forward. With respect to profit measures as opposed to sale measures, we also -- well, actually, impacting both things, we have the restructuring benefit, some of which will be reinvested to help us drive top line growth as we move through the year. So, I mean, there are a fair number of factors. As you look at the first quarter, I think you see a combination of some one-off impacts and some weakness in the core business, no question about that, but then as we look forward, we think we've got some offsets and some benefits to the balance of the year. And it does make for a significant swing first quarter to back 3.
B. Craig Owens: Thilo, I think the other thing you have to recognize is that the advertising spend on the base business last year was down versus 2012, right? So if you're looking at total advertising spend, the base business spend this year would have been about flat, with the support against new products on top of it, whereas last year, you had a decrease in base spending.
B. Craig Owens: So with respect to expectation on A&C in the first quarter, as we said when reported our fourth quarter results, we did expect A&C to be up, as it was. So there wasn't any miss versus our own expectation there. With respect to the savings on the restructuring program, the savings, not the benefit to the bottom line, because as we said, we think we will reinvest a fair bit of this for growth, but the savings for the balance of the year against the headquarters restructuring program is about $25 million. And the supply chain portion of that is about $40 million for the year, and that's already well incorporated in our discussion around enablers and inflation, which are roughly an offset this year.
B. Craig Owens: The second one is -- sorry, the first one is. The restructuring for -- outside of the supply chain, the restructuring of world headquarters in Australia is back-end loaded.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, there's nothing peculiar going on at trade spending. It's just, as Anthony said, to give you an accurate number mid-month, we have to do it at the gross sales level.
B. Craig Owens: Well, it's really difficult for us to forecast that, Rob, as we proved in the first quarter, right? But the -- I think the point is that we feel pretty confident because of some of the things that we've cited: the timing of Thanksgiving, some real retailer squeeze on inventories toward the end of the first quarter, that at least the below-normal inventories at the end of the first quarter would come back. And the reason we've given you the gross sales number for November is just some indication that's giving us some comfort that it has come back.
B. Craig Owens: Yes. Bryan, I don't want to get into trying to analyze our results against the average of the consensus, but if you think about it sort of by the pieces that Denise cited in terms of things that, I guess, nobody really expected, clearly, the Plum recall and the -- part of that inventory decrease, we anticipated part of it, we didn't anticipate part of it, were clearly unexpected. And the weakness in the base business was largely unexpected by us. That things that we did anticipate were part of the inventory timing and the front-loaded spend on marketing. So I'd say, in terms of what was expected and what wasn't expected, there's probably over half of it that was not in our expectation.
B. Craig Owens: Yes, so we had said that marketing would be up this year, primarily because of support to the new product introduction, and, in fact, that it would be somewhat front-loaded and that's still the plan, right? Front-loaded, you saw it in the first quarter, up for the full year but certainly not at the same rate that it was up in Q1. And so the answer is that all of those expectations are still in order. And with respect to the cost savings against restructuring, I think the point with David was, is that backloaded? And the answer is, yes, we'll see the benefit of that across the last 3 quarters.
B. Craig Owens: I think the way I would think about that is that the restructuring has given us some opportunity to help make up some of the loss that we had in the first quarter, particularly through reinvestment in greater growth in the balance of the year.
B. Craig Owens: We don't -- we haven't made any announcement about that. As you saw, we -- the last bond that matured, we paid off, and we'll evaluate that as we come up. I think we've got 2. They actually fall into 2 different fiscal years, but they're right at the beginning of August of 2014, so I -- probably, at that point, at least one of those would be partially refunded by a new issue.
Denise M. Morrison: I think that the best way to think about this, Alexia, is the Go Soup, the Campbell's Slow Kettle and the Bisques and the boxed soups are building a premium segment of the soup category, and we're very encouraged by the growth in that particular segment. And we'll continue to build new varieties on that -- in those lines this year.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And Jason, we have significantly stronger programming in the second and third quarters this year versus prior year and so -- where we had weaker programming in the first quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Okay. let me clarify that. First of all, our marketing efforts on our new products last year, when we launched them, particularly our soups and our Skillet Sauces, we believe, was insufficient to generate the trial that we needed to get to. We actually had better repeat on those products, but the trial was a slower build. So learning from that, this year, we decided to invest in marketing upfront and give our new soup and sauce products a proper launch into the marketplace. And we believe that, that was the right decision. For clarity, Campbell’s Homestyle is a different kind of soup than 100% Natural. So even though we discontinued 100% Natural and Campbell Homestyle will go into the marketplace in its place, it is a totally different consumer proposition based on a need state of fresh-made goodness. So the -- we felt that it was really important to properly communicate that right out of the gate to consumers and customers.
Denise M. Morrison: I'll take the second part first. Obviously, we knew, when we forecasted, that Thanksgiving was going to come later in the year and that Halloween would actually fall in the second quarter. However, what we didn't expect was that retailers would hold off ordering Thanksgiving holiday merchandise until after the Halloween inventory was on the floor and depleted when, in fact, that was the behavior that we experienced this year. In a traditional first quarter, we actually do have Thanksgiving shipments going to market, particularly in the last 2 weeks in October. That did not happen this year. And yet, the day after Halloween, we saw our shipments tick up in a big way. So we do have confidence in the fact that this was a shift in inventory for the holiday.
Denise M. Morrison: Part of the reason, and then the expectation that we'll deliver more meaningful growth in the next 3 quarters.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, and I think largely driven by the Thanksgiving shipments starting after Halloween, which fell into the second quarter.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. Well, I think the broader foodservice environment is challenged, as is the retail environment. However, we did bring some capacity online in June that is enabling us to have discussions with many more national customers to meet their needs in fresh soup. So we are having those discussions and are encouraged by the early days and expect to be on our plan on Foodservice this year.
Denise M. Morrison: The new items that I talked about accelerating, the 8 new items, were programmed to go in the next fiscal year, which meant they would be shipping the July, August time period in preparation for the next soup season. We have accelerated those new items, and some of them will be going out in quarter 2 and quarter 3. So that is as fast as we can go on those items with the right programming to support them.
Denise M. Morrison: Andrew, we feel that the levels of advertising that we have on the core business are still at very competitive levels and that it's advertising working in conjunction with the other drivers of demand is the right formula for success on the core Soup business, as evidenced by the performance last year. On the new products, we really felt that we needed to put some more momentum behind them coming right out of the gate to get the trial curve sooner because our repeat is actually very strong on those items.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes. And obviously, we do play on both sides of that business. And the shelf stable juice category continues to struggle from category weakness and competition from the proliferation of specialty beverages and, as you indicated, packaged fresh juices. And we see that affecting our V8 franchise. What we do see are some bright spots. We've had 7 years of growth of V8 Splash, and we did not have the merchandising levels in the first quarter that we had last year, but we have reinstated those in the year-to-go period. So we'll handle the value end of the shelf stable juice business, which we believe has been pretty robust for us. And on the higher end, with Bolthouse Farms, we actually did see high single-digit consumption in the Beverage business, or sales in the Beverage business, and we're still ahead in share. So we will continue with the premium fresh Bolthouse business to increase our innovation going forward, and they have a very robust pipeline coming to market. So we're very encouraged by the performance of Bolthouse Farms as it looks for the year. So I think that there is definitely a shift. Where we're feeling most of the pressure is in our 100% Red juice and our V8 V-Fusion. The trends have improved slightly on the 100% Red juice, but I'm admitting that, that particular segment of the business is still under pressure.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, one of the things I failed to mention was we are also driving innovation in shelf stable juices. We have a launch of V8 Refreshers coming out and shipping as we speak. And then V8 V-Fusion + Energy is also performing way above expectations, so we're encouraged by that innovation.
Denise M. Morrison: Yes, second part of the question first. On the stock-up trips, we've seen, for several seasons now, the change in consumer behavior on stock-up trips. Whereas once upon a time, it was to our advantage to promote with large multiples, today, we've adjusted that to -- we still have aggressive programs, but they're in multiples of 2 or 3 to reflect that kind of behavior. So consumers are definitely shopping closer to consumption. And in terms of the inventory, as we said, the inventory levels today coming into the quarter were lower than they were a year ago.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes. Part of that is due to the fact that, in Soup, as we list -- raised list prices, we held the promoted price, so you have -- it shows up as a higher rate on promotion.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The one other point I'd mention, there is the significant amount of spend to launch our new dinner sauces into both Slow Cooker and to support Skillet Sauces. So we're still in the awareness and trial-building part of that evolution, so you don't necessarily see it in top line growth in the current quarter.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: On the gross sales question, we haven't closed the books for November yet, so we don't do the trade calculations until we get through the month. So the only thing we really had to provide for you today is the gross sales, which is why we did that.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: No, nothing to do with trade spending. It's the volume times the list sales compared to the prior year.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: The other point on that, and Craig mentioned that the new restructuring benefit enables us to put a little marketing support behind those new items where we wouldn't have had that P&L flexibility before.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, all the sales in our U.S. Beverage reporting segment are the shelf stable business. And the Bolthouse sales are in the Bolthouse and Foodservice segment, and the shelf stable is about twice as large as the refrigerated.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, I would just add to that. If you look at the end of the quarter, we're probably -- I think we are at multi-year lows in terms of absolute levels of inventory.
Anthony P. DiSilvestro: Yes, and keep in mind that the sale of the European simple meals business occurred in the first day of the second quarter. So obviously, our debt level is down since then.
