Edward Breen: Thanks, Lori and good morning, everyone. Today we reported the final quarter results for DowDuPont. Our teams aggressively managed the levers within their control to deliver results in line with our revised expectations. They addressed challenges, including unprecedented bad weather, currency fluctuations and macro factors driving difficult conditions in select markets. This demonstrates the ability of each of our businesses to respond effectively to challenges due to their market alignment, rigorous cost control and emphasis on innovative products that enable disciplined pricing and margin expansion. Our teams also stayed focused on our longer term goals and accomplished several important milestones in the quarter. We completed the first phase of our commitment to create three transformative companies, each leaders in the markets they serve. As you know we spun the Dow business on April 1 and they're off to a great start. And we are in the final phases of the separation of DuPont and Corteva. We have finalized all the board seats for both Dow and DuPont and have one remaining spot to fill for Corteva. Their respective boards provide them with a strong and diverse set of members that will ensure a continued dedication to driving high returns. Over the next few weeks we intend to complete the final milestones leading up to the June 1 separation, including filing the final Form-10 for Corteva and holding a shareholder meeting to approve a reverse split of DowDuPont shares. Additionally, we completed the 3 billion share buyback program against [ph] total share buyback under DowDuPont to $7 billion. I am truly amazed when I think back on what has been accomplished and the value that stance to be created from these leading organizations. Each one has demonstrated a shareholder value mindset, I couldn't be more excited about the future of these three companies and I look forward to their ability to continue to deliver against their commitments and drive shareholder returns. Moving to Slide 3, I'll now touch on the first quarter results and my view of the macro environment before turning it over to Mark to discuss the results for new DuPont. For a total DowDuPont we delivered revenue of $19.6 billion, down 9% versus prior year and adjusted EPS of $0.84, a year-over-year decline of 25% driven primarily by margin pressure in the Dow business, weather related impacts in Corteva and the effects of slowing auto and smartphone markets in DuPont, which more than offset the benefits of cost synergies and pricing strength in DuPont and Corteva. We continued to have confidence that the global economy will grow in 2019, albeit at a slower pace than 2018. Regionally we continue to keep an eye on all markets, but are keeping a closer watch on China and Europe. China has started to simulate which should help increase their consumer spending and spur the recovery expected in the second half in addition to unexpected tariff resolution. We are also encouraged by the increase in consumer lending. Additionally, the large export market from Europe into China any green shoot should induce favorable economic activity in Europe. In agriculture, we expect to overcome the weather-related effects of reduced planted acres, acreage [ph] shift and continued delays in the start of the planting season through our focus and higher sales of new and high-value products, accelerated cost synergy delivery and continuous productivity efforts. Each new company will be benchmarking against best-in-class peers. After working closely with these teams over the past three years, I am confident you can expect them to manage aggressively to deliver against those targets. With that, I'll now turn it over to Marc.
Edward Breen: Vincent, probably just a few points. So things that we've been watching, tariff obviously would be nice to resolve that which would play out very nicely over the next few years for us in China because I'm a big believer that consumer confidence will sit pretty bad by that issue. That was one of the issues. But we've been tracking the areas that we were weak in our portfolio was smartphones and auto builds mainly China related which is about 20% of the portfolio. And we've been tracking the inventory levels very closely through the OEMs in all China and we see a pretty drastic drop in inventory levels in China, almost back to normal levels, not quite yet, but almost there. So we've been going through this destocking phase and we’re seeing that normalized to where it should be. So I think that will play out still through the second quarter. We’ll still be kind of flat. We should as we're exiting the second quarter, I would think by what we're seeing from an inventory standpoint that will pick up.  And by the way, I don’t look at all third parties and believe the data, but it looks like auto builds will grow in the second half globally with that and smartphones will grow a couple of percent. Also the interesting thing when you look at our European numbers, just to give you another data point, the weakness that we have in Europe is almost all related to the weakness in China So as China improves, I think our numbers specifically in Germany all because [ph] of orders and all that will also improve. So that's the data points we're looking at. If tariffs revolve I think consumer confidence builds. But you know, look the other things in China I think are importantly, the [indiscernible] some lending standards over the last few months. That looks like there might be a stimulus just related to auto that is coming along in the near future. And obviously there's been a lot of stimulus beside the lending standards spin. So I think a lot of things have happened, we’re going to start to see it in the second half of the year and we’ll get some recovery there. And by the way just to give your perspective 75% of our portfolio is just running along just like it has the last few years. All the industrial businesses performed well, you can see it in our SEC numbers. Nutrition and health performing exactly where we thought it would. So it's really this isolate issue to China and the green shoots look like they're now - their tariffs would certainly help that.
Edward Breen: I mean, the only thing I would add to that and Marc, we're looking where is the secular growth trends as Marc said and we're looking at that more than we are, which business it would be – the only one, the higher growth area. But what I would add, with Marc and I and Jean and the team, they’re really looking at is when we do an acquisition, we really want the returns to work on the cost synergies, we would get on the deal even though we're strategically buying it for the growth of secular opportunity. And the growth part that would be our – truly upside to the modelling, we would do when we present it to our Board of Directors. So I'm a big believer, make the numbers work on cost synergy totally within our control and we get the upside by doing the right thing strategically one the growth side.
Edward Breen: So I’d say – look, I’ll make a couple of points on it. Number one, we’re not in any buy or sale mode here. We're going to take our time. We're going to do the right thing for our shareholders. These are good assets. I would say if I just gave you one word the way I feel about it, they are more volatile assets that I would want in our portfolio. So Marc and the team have really gone through that. That's not the only reason, by the way, but they are really volatile. But they are great businesses for someone to own. So we want to get the right price out of them. I hope we make a lot of progress over the next year, but I would give you on example, its not totally clean to just do it all right away and one of them would be the Hemlock JV, to give you an example because we have partners there. So we got to work our way through some interesting issues there. But we will move expeditiously, but get the price and make sure we take our thoughts and nothing has to happen overnight. But I would, what’s to key to it is, these businesses were going to actually have more focus on them because we put a very senior talented gentlemen John Kemp inn charge [ph] of them, with the right finance leaders and all, that really focused on driving up the returns of this businesses during this interim period. So I'm really happy we’ve got that focus in these businesses.
Edward Breen: I think also you know, Steve just to Mac's point, we're very focused on the things we can control in the P&L and I think this quarter with you know, basically zero organic growth, you know, we had plus the real price, minus on three [ph] on volumes, so we kind of came out with zero organic. We had the leverage we wanted through the P&L and our gross margins were up 20 basis points, our EBITDA margins were up 90 basis points. So I think as a management team they did a nice job performing in a little bit of a tougher revenue environment which we know we're going to come out of here in another quarter.
Edward Breen: Well, Jonas, let me just high level. I mean, we beat the number that we guided to by literally $25 million, I think you guys on average we're a little - the gap was a little bit bigger $70 million, 80 million or somewhere in that zip code and it's on a $6 dollar base. So there's no reason for us to change anything at this point time. We feel like we had a solid quarter again relative to the revenue softness that we had and you know we'll see how we perform through the second quarter. We did guide flat. And you know we're expecting to see signs as we go through the second quarter that we'll start to see some orders from a smartphone side and on the auto side start to pick up that help us in the third and fourth quarter. Again, we're tracking inventory levels. We're watching all of that. So I mean, I hate to say this, to me it's a rounding error at this point in time and I wouldn't change the guidance that we gave for the year.
Marc Doyle: Yeah. Hi, Jeff. It's Marc. I'll take that one and Ed can follow on. For us with respect to M&A, I mean, we’ve said that we want to be real and cautious with respect to ROIC and we’re looking for at most sort of bolt-on strategic acquisitions. So it's really about the strategic connection to the growth themes that are – that really kind of across our portfolio, you know, spaces like microbiome and probiotics, automotive, electrification, those types of heavy growth, sort of secular growth areas would be where we’d be looking for bolt-on capabilities. It's not so much one or the other of the reporting segment that we tend to follow on. But I'd say the bottom line is, we’re looking to be - making really good investment decisions with respect to our cash. And so it would have to be a - of really nice a deal in terms of strategic fit and financial returns for us to jump.
Marc Doyle: Yeah. Thanks, Steve. Just answer the question on the earnings. It was about 700 round about last year and the delta there's really the Hemlock equity earnings and the big settlement that we had last year in the Hemlock JV. And so that's where we get to about 500 this year. In terms of traction on the revenue side, we are continuing to drive the growth synergies that we talked about a couple of times now across the portfolio. And you know, I said it's a little early to quantify it. But you know, I do think it's making a material difference. You know, we ran into the downturn here in the automotive and electronics markets and I think we mitigated a lot of that because as I said earlier the rest of the portfolio has continued to perform well. And so versus maybe previous market downturns I think we're managing the cycles a little bit better now, but hopefully we'll tell you a little bit more about some of the areas of new growth as we go forward.
Marc Doyle: Yeah. Its Mark. I'll take that Chris. I mean, there's a couple of big themes, the big themes are as you said sort of probiotics, microbiome we've talked about pretty well in terms of the investments we've made there and we're looking at both capital investments, significant R&D investments. We announced the partnership with Lonza [ph] around the HMO space, which is a pre biotic. We're continuing to make some - some minority equity investments in start-ups. We've got some university partnerships. We talked about last quarter. So lot of activity around that whole space. Auto electrification, I'd say the broader space is smart, everything's smart homes. You know as an example smart cities, industrial electrification is a big area which connects a couple of our industrial businesses. In fact, it kind of connects T&AP with E&I with S&C and we're making there both capital investments in products. We announced this past quarter an investment in Capton [ph] capacity which is playing into 5G, which is the connectivity space and we're making a significant R&D investment. We announced the opening of another innovation center last quarter too in that space. And then the only other area I'd mentioned is we do like the medical devices, health care space and it's smaller for us in terms of the total revenue impact. You know, if you think of probiotics, microbiome as several $100 million and if you think of the auto electrification as closing in on a $1 billion, Health and Medical is less than $0.5 billion. But we see that as an attractive space. Maybe one more thing I'll mention also is, is our water segment which is reverse osmosis membranes and IN [ph] exchange resins and micro filtration and that segment was up about mid teens. Here in the first quarter, we've made a number of incremental capacity expansions there. And so we're doubling down there on our production capability around the world. We had opened up the new RO facility in Saudi Arabia and Sudara [ph] last year and we're seeing really good long term growth dynamics in the whole water sort of environmental clean up space. So those are some of the biggest themes.
Marc Doyle: Thanks, P.J. So you're right focusing that pricing first on North America and particularly the US. You know I just really started with just a tough farm environment. We've talked low net farm income. And you know we're out pricing our products for the value that they deliver but we're also responsive to the market environment that we're out there pricing into. So we went out with kind of a flat pricing card. And you know, as always in any competitive market, you know, there's lots of challenges and it's a lot of competition out there. But we feel good about where we're sitting right now today and that's kind of showing up in our in our results. Now, we see a mix effect as our new products really do drive a higher mix where we are pricing for that extra yield and sharing some of that back with the grower. At the same time you do have these competitive challenges. You highlighted the rest of the world in places like Latin America and Asia. We've done a real nice job of pricing out ahead of the currency effects that we see in those markets. So we essentially covered currency in Asia and we about covered it in Latin America. So I felt good about the way the teams are executing there. The euro was just such a huge drag. We weren't really able to catch that at this point because a lot of the other competitors are pricing the local currency there as well. But you know, you step back from that. We feel good about share in all of these markets. And so yeah, I think you'd call it - you'd call it pretty well, it's pretty isolated, flattish in North America. It's mostly seed and it's related to the market that we're operating in.
Marc Doyle: Well, this is Marc. Let me take the first one. Yeah, we do expect another one timer and we've got a built into the full year outlook. Not exactly sure at this point when it will land, but it will be in the second half. And then in terms of the causes around the JV definitive agreement, we're going to have to get back to you on that one.
