Leland Weaver: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for DuPont’s third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We’re making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. These slides are posted to the Investor Relations section of DuPont’s website and through the link to our webcast. Joining me on the call today are Ed Breen, Chief Executive Officer; and Lori Koch, Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the slide. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risk and uncertainty, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our 2019 Form 10-K, as updated by our current and periodic reports, includes detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items. We will also refer to other non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in our press release and posted to the investor page of our website. I’ll now turn the call over to Ed.
Leland Weaver: Thanks, Ed. Before we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. We will allow for one question and one follow-up question for person. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Leland Weaver: Thank you everyone for joining our call. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on DuPont’s website. This concludes our call.
Ed Breen: Thanks, Lori. And now turning to Slide 8, we highlight the progress we’ve made since announcing the N&B and IFF transaction. During the quarter, we completed two additional milestones. In August, IFF shareholders voted overwhelmingly in favor of the transaction with more than 99% of the votes cast in favor of the deal. Then in September, N&B issued $6.25 billion of senior unsecured notes in a private placement. The net proceeds from the offering are intended to fund part of N&B special cash payment of $7.3 billion to DuPont. The net proceeds are held in escrow until the deal closes. The offering was more than 5 times oversubscribed and resulted in a very favorable cost of borrowing for these notes. We continue to make progress regarding regulatory approval. And additionally, our integration planning remains on track as the team’s work to a first quarter 2021 closing. I remain excited about this combination and confident that the new company will be well positioned for growth and to deliver sustainable value for shareholders. Let me close with our financial outlook on Slide 9, which we have prepared assuming no substantial change in the slope of the recovery due to the pandemic. Obviously, this is a fluid situation with increasing cases and we are monitoring this closely. We expect to deliver net sales for the year in the range of $20.1 billion to $20.2 billion, and adjusted EPS in the range of $3.17 to $3.21. Sequentially from the third quarter, normal seasonal declines in E&I from smartphone production cycles, and S&C from the timing of North America construction activity will be partially offset by improvement in T&I as auto demand continues to recover, although at a much more gradual pace as compared to the prior quarter. Our forecasted earnings also reflects the absence of a $30 million technology sale in E&I and the loss of earnings from Hemlock and TCS, which were divested in September. We will stay focused on driving improvements in working capital and delivering our cost savings commitments. With that, let me turn it back to Leland to open the Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes, Steve. We will be making that decision by mid-December. And we truly have not made a decision yet. I wouldn’t put a leaning one way or the other on it. We took some language change, because we wouldn’t do a hybrid type approach. We’ll pick one or the other, and that was the change in language. But no decision at this point in time. I wouldn’t read anything into it.
Ed Breen: Yes. Scott, I mean, I’d put it more in the category of chipping away at it, as we streamline some of our functions and capabilities we can get do a little more streamlining on our overhead. We’re putting in some digital tools and we’re going to do a central finance tool and things like that really help us out. So I think we’re getting the best in class on our G&A, when you look at peer companies and all, I think we’re doing a heck of a job there. I would highlight one area, we’re not touching or taking down at all as we said in our prepared remarks is clearly our salespeople around the world, our application engineering teams around the world and we’re going to continue to spend at the level we’ve been spending out on the R&D front. So we want to come out of the softness in this pandemic period, real strong with lots of new product introductions coming. So it’s really going to continue to stay focused on the G&A piece of it. And then I would really say that the next big focus and we’re focused on it now, but we’re really doubling down is going to be on the gross margin line and our factory efficiency are up times. And again, we’re doing a fair amount of digital tools, they’re not overly expensive to really look into predictive analytics at our facilities with a lot of AI capability. And we really think we can do some fair amount of improvements there and hopefully help the gross margin line. So that’s where you’ll see some of the – kind of the effort is we’re going into 2021.
Ed Breen: Our inventories have a ways to go still now by as a sales pickup, that’ll new as a little bit here on progress. But that we’re expecting nice progress again in the fourth quarter. We still have over a $500 million opportunity on inventory to get to where we think we can get to. So that’s kind of our bogey out there. And again, we’ll make good progress in the fourth quarter. As far as inventory in the channel, obviously, Scott, I actually feel very good about it right now, as you know, the auto industry doesn’t have a lot of finished goods. There’s not any stuffing in the channel going on. And I really don’t see it anywhere, except maybe just a little bit in the electronics space. I think there may potentially, and I’ve heard some of our competitors talk about maybe a little pre-buying from some of the Chinese players, nervous about what’s going on geopolitically right now. But I don’t even think that was a big number. And in the scheme of all of our sales in electronics not significant, but that’d be maybe the one area where there’s a little bit of that.
Ed Breen: Yes. Well, first of all, the arbitration is started up with Chemours on MAC. And there probably won’t be any decision on that until kind of mid next year, if you look at the timeline on it. But we continue to talk to each other about the settlement, in fact, Mark Vergnano, the CEO of Chemours and I actually just talked this Monday. A couple of open points, we continue to get closer and then we’ll see if we can get it to the finish line. So that’s paralleling along while the arbitration starts.
Ed Breen: Yes. So John, we’re very interested if we can and expanding the water business. So that would be one area. I don’t want to comment on details, because you get pretty specific and there’s not that many targets out there. So I won’t get into that, but the water business would be one. There’s some areas in the electronics business, I will mention that one, 5G type stuff, we would be interested in. And but let me just say overall, we’re really looking at things I would put in the category of bolt-on acquisitions nothing on a bigger scale in 2021. But it could be several of bolt-ons during the year. They make financial sense.
Ed Breen: Yes. Jeff, I’ll just comment on kind of October, because I know that demand feels pretty good still on the semi side. So we’re not really seeing any change from what we’ve been seeing in the last few quarters. So at least so far going into the fourth quarter, that feels nice. And again, I just think the dynamics of work-at-home and what everyone’s doing with data centers and nodes and all that, looks like potentially good momentum going into next year. But we’ll see when we get closer to the end of year. I know one of our key competitors a very, very good company and CEO’s a good friend of mine. He talked very bullishly about demand going into 2021 also. So that feels good. And again, the only thing at electronics and you just mentioned that it was a little bit of the seasonality on a smartphone because we had such strong shipments in the third quarter for the shipments and launches of the new phones in the fourth quarter. But we feel good about the portfolio, we have on the 5G side, as more phones are enabled 5G going into 2021. It’s nice upside opportunity for us.
Ed Breen: Well, no change in any of the end market demand that we’ve talked about due to the rising cases – probably, I say so far. It’s all the same ones. I mean, obviously auto coming back really strong, residential construction, we’re now seeing those green shoots coming back, not surprising with what’s going on in the resi market. And all the areas that are down kind of significantly oil and gas, aerospace commercial construction, they’ve all come up a little bit, but not significantly. So they’re not dropping anymore, they’re picking up slightly, but they’re still are negative numbers. So we haven’t seen any change in October in patterns that we weren’t expecting.
Ed Breen: Yes. No, John it’s very much running the business. I keep telling the team all hands on deck here. We want to string together a lot of consistent results. We’ve been doing that. We’ve got a ways to go here. Some things still to get to best-in-class performance on like working capital. So, it’s more of that and it’s more looking at bolt-ons next year. And I would think as we get into next year, we’ll be having a serious conversation with the Board about the share repurchase, where we’re trading at, there were new DuPont will be trading as N&B goes out of the portfolio. So that’s the mode we’re in.
Ed Breen: Steve, I didn’t read anything into it. We’re going to supply all the information and answer all the questions, all that data’s obviously available and it’s been supplied to many federal agencies already. So, I don’t – it’s just information we’ve given before. So, we’ll answer it in a timely manner. But I – maybe, I would go to a little bit broader to your question there. This ETA puts some regulation in place. We’re always asked that and that might be part of the push here. And we are actually for that, we said that in front of Congress when we testify, but not everyone in the industry is for that, but we think it would be great to have a national standard set on where those levels should be at, instead of it being a patchwork by state and maybe by municipality. who knows? And we actually think that would be very helpful that we’re all targeting the same thing as we do remediation and all that. So that’s where we see a lot of the push at the federal level and world for that happening.
Ed Breen: No. No. I just think having a standard set out there that we’re all marching to would be very helpful instead of having literally 50 different standards being set. And by the way, just to make a point, I make every one of these calls, there’s many more locations that had PFAS, but remember how high percentage of this is firefighting foam. And I think you’ll, DuPont will – we’ll let that play out here in the South Carolina consolidation here, and potentially, we’ll settle it or we’ll let it go through the core system, but we never made the firefighting foam. So, our work is really remediation in some of our sites, where we did some a manufacturing, which is a handful.
Ed Breen: Yes. David, I said a few minutes ago, we’re operationally going to run new DuPont the way we are. I got it. We want to clean up the non-core some more. So, we’re very focused on that also from a portfolio standpoint. We’ll be in an interesting position going into next year with the cash we’re receiving from the IFF transaction. As Lori mentioned, we’ll have at least $2.5 billion to $3 billion of excess cash available. So, as I said, we’ll be talking to the board about how we’re going to deploy that to create shareholder value in 2021. And I would expect a few baby bolt-on acquisitions would fit in there next year if they make financial sense for us to do.
Ed Breen: Well, I won’t talk about if there’s upside, I should probably leave that to the IFF team when they do their earnings that would not be fair to believe. But I feel good about it. We’ve got multiple teams as we did when we did DowDuPont, all that working on all the integration efforts. We’re right on track. by the way, I must say I’m surprised we’re doing as well as we are considering everyone’s working at home, but every one of the work streams is right on track. Lori and I review it literally weekly with the IFF team. So, we’re ready to go on the synergy work that we’ve outlined publicly and we’ll get off to a very quick start.
Ed Breen: When we’re actually bringing up what we call line one and older line that we had that it’s not costing us too much to get that up and running. So we’re bringing that up for incremental volumes so that’s something else.
Ed Breen: Yes. $5 billion of that money from IFF N&B will be used to deliver and pay down debt. So we’ll be in a great shape balance sheet wise when that occurs. And then I would think as I mentioned, I don’t want to get into exact numbers, but I would think we’re doing share repurchase with where our multiples at, as we get into next year and we still want to gauge the effect of COVID in cases picking-up and all that. But that would probably be our leaning along with some bolt on M&A.
Ed Breen: Yes, Frank, I don’t want to get into too much detail, but I think there is some technicals going on right now with that. I’ve seen some reports, I think one of the analysts on this call wrote a nice report the other day. So I think there is some things going on short-term maybe overspend split that created some pressure. But look, these sets of businesses, the IFF sets of businesses, the N&B, they do very well when there is distress in the system because of the end markets that we’re in. So these are consistent performers. There’ll be pockets of weakness like we saw because, nobody’s in airports buying chewing gum and all that, but generally speaking, they’re going to do very well through this. And we got a lot of synergies coming up here to create additional value for shareholders. So – but my gut is all that settles down here rather quickly as we get closer and closer to getting the deal done.
Ed Breen: Well, we knew Germany was talking about lockdowns when we just gave the guidance. So it looks like France might be going now, but I think, look, if all of Europe lock down and there were lockdowns in the U.S. that’s going to affect everybody out there. So no, we’re not counting on that and the guidance that we gave. We see pretty far into the quarter now, but if there was massive lockdowns that would probably affect December tight numbers and we just have to see, but as we sit today and as long as there is not massive lockdowns, that’s the way we gave the guidance.
Lori Koch: Yes. So let me go first to the sequential. So there’s no real change in market dynamics as we see it right now. So there’s actually continued sequential lists in T&I kind of in the mid-single digit space. The drops sequentially in revenue and EBITDA, it’s more driven by seasonality and it’s normal seasonality that we see in our businesses. So primarily it fits within smartphones. So as we get ready in the third quarter for the holiday demand coming up, we had a live sales in 3Q that would not be there in 4Q due to normal seasonality. Additionally, within our construction space, third quarter tends to be high just with the summer months driving a lot of the construction. So you’ll see little bit of deceleration there from a seasonal perspective. So the decline that you’re kind of getting at is roughly in the $100 million space sequentially 3Q to 4Q about a third of that is related to the seasonal decline that we just discussed. Another third of it is we did have a gain on a technology sale and E&I in 3Q that won’t be there in 4Q and the rest of the largest primary piece is the sale of the Hemlock TCS assets that were sold in September. So within T&I, we don’t really see any level of channel level – high inventory levels in the channel. So if you see where we look year-to-date, our volumes are down about 15% in T&I versus the auto bills are down about 23%. So I think we’re outperforming there. There’s really if you look at where we fell into as we mentioned on the call, we fell into the Tier 1 and Tier 2 players primarily. So it doesn’t always exactly line up with the auto bills number. You kind of got to look at it year-to-date to understand the lag. So we’re comfortable where we sit going and their material changes from a market perspective as we see it right now.
Lori Koch: Yes, so we see the T&I portfolio around the mid-20s from an EBITDA margin perspective in our market. So we’ve got some sequential upside as we head into next year, really driven by the items that you had mentioned. So a top line recovery as well as having a lot of the idle facilities behind us.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I think the savings that will trickle into 2021 is around $120 million. So we’re targeting now $280 million of in period savings, so on a run rate basis, that’s about $400 million as we exited, so another $120 million next year. There are just some headwinds that we’ll face next year as well. Obviously, there’ll be some snap back into temporary savings, but we really biased our actions towards the structural. So we don’t have a material headwind, but there will be some, opening up of the economy that was in itself to some T&E and some other stuff that we’ve really seen clamped down this year. Right now as I had mentioned, I don’t see additional structural cost takeout. Really the opportunity for us is within gross margin and driving more productivity and gross margin. And second to that, continuing to drive our productivity and working capital. So we’ve made a lot of nice progress this year. We’re up about from a working capital trade perspective, only about $250 million year-to-date that we’ve nicely dug ourselves out of the hole that we got in earlier in the year. And we’re still targeting more than $500 million of working capital savings this year, but we still have a ways to already get to best-in-class there.
Lori Koch: Yes, we do. We do see a more constructive price environment. So I think the majority of the Nylon 66 headwinds that we’ve seen are behind us. So we did see year-over-year headwinds in the third quarter and we’ll expect year-over-year headwinds again in the fourth quarter, but those are really just a function of the price decline from the prior year, where they were still quite strong, so sequentially looking at about flat pricing. As we look into 2021, obviously, we’ve done a nice job of taking advantage where we can have of constrained environments and we’ll be able to keep our eye on that to be able to see any games that we could possibly pick up there. I think also within T&I just overall, once the market normalizes and stabilizes, we do expect to get back to that 1.5 times auto builds outperformance within that portfolio. You can’t see it year-to-date. So as I had mentioned earlier, our T&I volumes being down about 15% year-to-date versus auto bills being down 23% year-to-date. So you can see that outperformance and the look to continue that going forward once the market fully recovered.
Lori Koch: Yes. So that was really a function of really clamping down on third-party spends, consultants and the like. and then we were able to accelerate a bit, some of the offers that we had planned that benefit is benefiting the inferior savings for this year.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, we’ve always thought that the N&B portfolio to get closer to the company average from a margin perspective, they’re looking at 26% or 27%. So, they’ve got continued upside. A lot of that’s really going to come from just a higher favourable mix. So, as they grow probiotics, as they grow their enzyme portfolio, as they grow their meatless meat market, those are all very high margin product lines that will lift the overall margin of the segment.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, a big piece of the decline was driven by sales into the food service fees, which makes us about 5% of total N&B. It would be bigger obviously within food and beverage segment that was down kind of in the mid-teens. And so that’s really selling into sports arenas, cafeterias. So really, the industries that have been hit hard by COVID, so nothing underlying there beyond that. And a lot of that was in Europe. So, I think Europe was one of the markets that were hit hardest within the N&B portfolio and it’s really back to that the food services play. Also, another impact that we saw a headwind was just as travel has clamped down, we had the large market into like the chewing gum and mint stays within our sweeteners portfolio. So, as there’s less travel, less people going through airports that impacted the business.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, I would look at most likely to be after the February spin dates. So, we can report kind of on remain co basis. When we report disc ops will be a function of when we make the decision on spin versus flip. So, if we end up doing a split, you have to do disc ops earlier. If you end up doing a spin, you do disc ops as of the separation date.
Lori Koch: Yes, so this will obviously mostly be within T&I. There’s also a play within S&C and E&I as well into the electric vehicle space. So we are very well positioned of obviously as the conversion continues for its hybrid and electric, you need a lighter car. So that advantages our T&I portfolios, we take out metal and replace it with polymer. Within S&C, we have a nice opportunity within the battery play. We have use of our Nomex paper as a separator, and then obviously within E&I as the enhanced electronics, electric vehicles really nicely positioned there. And so it’s obviously full electric vehicles or a small such section of the total auto belt production today, but growing very quickly and we’re – I am happy with the portfolio that we have.
Lori Koch: Yes, so I don’t want to really speak to a customer level, but you can see by our results within the semi space that we’re seeing really nice performance. So in this last quarter alone, we were up 8%, 9%. So we’ve got a nice dispersion. We play with all of the big players. So as the consolidation continues, we’re still continued to be well positioned in this space. Also as the layers as you had mentioned, get more and more complex that advantages our portfolio. So the more layers, the more steps, the more polishing that has to be done, the more cleaning that has to be done, the more complex, the layers get with advanced nodes that advantages our portfolio within as well. So I think we’re nicely positioned to take advantage of growth there.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I think you’re asking about our free cash flow conversion. You cut out a little bit, so I couldn’t quite hear it. Yes, so we’ve made some really nice progress there. So we’re up to about 140% year-to-date. We were actually butting up against 200% in the quarter really enabled by that strong, greater than $300 million working capital productivity. So we’ll look to keep that free cash flow conversion number greater than 90%. We’ve been right around a 100% for the past several years. So I don’t see any material headwinds there and there’s no real change in that metric as the portfolio changes. So each business was generating nice free cash flow conversion. From an ROIC perspective, the goal that we’ve had is to deliver a hundred basis points of improvement annually. So we’ll look to get that out as well that. One important piece of that is once the separation happened mid last year, we started to put ROIC into our comp metrics in a lot of the executive pay metrics. There’s a piece of ROIC. So obviously that would drive continued focus along with system management deep dive within that space.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, we’ll have another $120 million roughly on a run rate basis of savings into 2021. There will be offset. So as we had mentioned, so, we are right now planning for a merit increase. We didn’t have one in 2020, so we’ll love to get back on track with that in 2021. We also they’ll plan for a full bonus payout in 2021. So that’ll be a headwind for 2020 where we won’t pay a full bonus. And TNE is another piece that we will control the snapback. So we’ve seen TNE vomit-down to about $1 million a month. We used to be upwards of 10 or so million a month. So we’ll see some snack back there, but we’re looking to try to mitigate that pretty significant, really heading more so down on the internal travel versus the customer facing travel. So I think net-net with $120 million benefits that we’ll see in the offset that we had just covered. We’ll probably have a slight headwind from a cost perspective heading into 2021, probably nothing like some of maybe the others in the space, just driven by our dedication to getting structural costs out versus the temporary that maybe some others have been doing.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I think within Tyvek, overall the entire Tyvek enterprise in the quarter was up in the low-20s. And so obviously we continue to see nice strength within PPE; that was up 50% plus. Within the Tyvek building on gloat space, just given the seasonality within when the construction really takes place. We did see nice growth there. So we saw about 20% growth in residential Tyvek. Where the volume was taken from, was more in the medical packaging space and that’s really just a function of the reduction in intellective procedures dampening the demand there. But overall 20% plus, we have been able to enable additional production that come out. We sequentially we were down a bit as we had to take the asset down for about two weeks or so, but year-over-year we are having more product coming off the lines.
Lori Koch: Yes. If I could just add on to the debt conversation. So we really did a nice job, I want to highlight in a quarter of reducing commercial paper. And so we were able to use the proceeds from the Hemlock and TCS transaction, as well as organic cash flow generation to take that down to just under $400 million for the quarter, we’ve taken it down even since the quarter close and we’ll continue to do that. So that’ll be a nice tailwind heading into 2021, not only from a interest expense perspective, but just giving us flexibility to use those $2.3 billion of proceeds for either M&A or shareholder remuneration.
