Greg Friedman: Thank you, John. Good morning everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining us to cover DuPont's fourth quarter and full year 2014 performance. Joining me are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; and Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO. The slides for today's presentation and corresponding segment commentary can be found on our Web site along with our news release. During the course of this conference call, we will make reference to forward-looking statements, and I direct you to Slide 1 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of our future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, and request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release in today's slides posted on our Web site. For today's agenda, Ellen will speak briefly about our accomplishments of the last year and our growth strategy going forward. Nick will review our fourth quarter and full year 2014 financial performance as well as our 2015 outlook. I will provide business segment insights, and Ellen will speak again with concluding remarks followed by your questions.  As you know Trian Fund Management has invested in DuPont stock and proposed a plan to break up the company, a spin upon a spin. Our Board of Directors and Management are anonymous in their belief that the plan we’re pursuing will continue to deliver superior value for all DuPont shareholders. On January 8th, Trian announced that it has nominated four individuals for elections for the Company’s Board of Directors at our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.  As we said at the time of that announcement, the Corporate Governance Committee of the DuPont Board will review Trian’s candidates and present its recommended fleet of director nominees in the company’s definitive proxy statement. In the meantime, we remain focused on continuing to execute our transformative strategic plan which has already delivered and continued to drive superior value for shareholders. We look forward to ongoing discussion and engagement with our shareholders and as always appreciate their views and perspective. Please note that the subject of today’s call is the Company’s fourth quarter earnings. We will not be taking questions on the topic of Trian’s plan or fleet. With that introduction, I direct you to Slide number 2 and it’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.
Greg Friedman: Thanks, Ellen. We’ll now open the lines for questions. Also joining us for Q&A is Jim Borel, Executive Vice President. As a reminder, the purpose of today’s call is to discuss our operating earnings. We ask that you keep your questions focused on our results and outlook.
Greg Friedman: Well I’d like to thank everyone for joining the call. If you have any follow-up questions please do reach out to the Investor Relations team. Thank you.
Ellen Kullman: Thank you, Greg and good morning everyone. DuPont made important progress on our strategic plan in 2014 and we’re looking ahead with excitement to a year of continued transformation that will enhance our prospects for the future. Our fourth quarter results reflect our continued focus on execution with volume and margin improvements in almost every segments and operating EPS increasing 20% year-over-year despite market and macro challenges. We achieved several significant milestones in 2014. These include the ongoing refinement of our portfolio with 10 strategic portfolio actions during the year and our Form 10 filing in December reflecting steady progress towards the mid-year spinoff of Chemours. We initiated a redesigned program last July and already exceeded our second half cost reduction targets, and we continued to act on our commitment to return capital to shareholders through $2 billion of share repurchases and increasing the common stock dividends 4% in July for a total of 3.7 billion returned to shareholders in 2014 alone. In 2015 DuPont will continue its transformation as a dynamic science company driven by innovation, executions and global reach. Our focus on creating shareholder value and leveraging advanced science and technology, market and value chain knowledge, global scale and disciplined management has delivered 266% total shareholder return and $14 billion of cumulative capital returned to shareholders since our leadership change in 2009. We’re executing on key initiatives that will continue to deliver shareholder value going forward. Before Nick and Greg take you through the details of our results, I want to highlight two key elements that underscore our commitment to increasing shareholder value. Over the course of this year, you will continue to see a major contribution from our operational redesign. I have more to say about this important program, but I’m also pleased to note that we’ve increased our cost reduction target by approximately $300 million to at least $1.3 billion of total expected savings to be achieved on a run-rate basis by 2017. We’ve already achieved $0.07 per share in 2014. By the end of 2015, we forecast annual run rate savings of approximately $1 billion, a significant acceleration of our originally announced schedule. This is a top priority for all of us at DuPont, and we’re working with the leading international consulting firm with extensive experience in initiatives of this magnitude. Plans are being tracked with business leaders held accountable for achieving them and you will continue to hear about our quarterly progress. For more significant strategic action anticipated for 2015 is the separation of Chemours. As part of that separation, DuPont will receive a one-time dividend from Chemours at the time of separation. We expect to return all or substantially all of the proceeds from that dividend back to shareholders within 12 months to 18 months of completing the separation with a portion to be returned by the end of 2015. Nick will provide more detail about this in his remarks. I’ll be back to give you more perspectives on the year ahead, but now I’ll hand it off to Nick to walk us through on fourth quarter and full year results.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, David and as we get closer to knowing exactly what the number is and looking at going forward we’ll be more definitive on the timing of that what would occur in ‘15 and what would occur in ‘16.
Ellen Kullman: So obviously they are going to be lower and obviously with fresh start and we’ve sized that for you, that fresh start hits not only corporate expense it hits the segment expenses and even product costs as we’re doing some things around like warehouses and things like that. So, we continue to drive that very efficiently and we’ve been very proud of the work that we did in the last quarter to identify another $300 million in savings and be able to achieve that savings by the end of ‘17.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, Jeff. So you have a knack for going to a very specific place and Nick has just now told me he has figured it out, so Nick.
Ellen Kullman: Yes. So if you look at it we only have 37% of our revenue last year within the United States. So we have a very large revenue base outside. If you look at the total impact on the revenue lines for 2015, we’re looking now at about 3.5% and then when you translate that down our position and in all of our businesses it does come out $0.60 a share. So it is large, it's obviously why we wanted to get it out there and we’ve seen this coming to the fourth quarter because you saw the currency start to move there but January has been tremendously volatile.
Ellen Kullman: We set aggressive performance targets at the beginning of the year for each one of our businesses and for the company. And our results did not meet the aggressive targets that we set this time last year and therefore the performance based compensation is hit accordingly and we threw it up at the end of the year from that standpoint. So I mean it is paper performance the performance based culture we’re driving this company, and I think that's reflective of it.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so obviously with increased competition and in that segment, I mean we've upped our game on the innovation side coming through 2014. There is innovation left in that market space and we have the line on new products that we're testing now in small quantities with our customers that we will be commercializing in 2015. So we still think there is attractive space and we think that innovation still matters. I don't consider it commoditized, I just think that the competition is intensified in terms of creating new performance products and so people have caught up with us and we're going to focus our efforts on pulling ahead again in 2015.
Ellen Kullman: Yes so the first quarter is specifically problematic because of sequential price versus year-over-year price specifically in Ti02. So sequentially if price in the first quarter is about flat, it is down by high single-digits from last year. And that along with flat volume because the first quarter really there isn’t a lot of volume improvements typically kind of results in that kind of earnings profile and you expected the volumes improve throughout the year as specifically also in Chemicals & Fluoroproducts as their volumes -- the season and refrigerants in the second quarter and things like that you’d start to see that improvement come throughout the year, so the first quarter is specifically problematic for Performance Chemicals.
Ellen Kullman: We haven’t heard that yet and I think first of all solar is still pretty small, so having growth rates of 20% still can occur. They’re also being put in the places where it is from a grid parity standpoint in places like China where they are just a -- and they have come out to say that by 2030 they’re going to be capping CO2 emissions and some of that start to come from an increase in their renewable energy sources, and solar is a big part of that as they’re the largest producer of solar modules. So we don’t see that, a short-term blip in oil is taking the PV industry office long-term kind of projection.
Nick Fanandakis: So, a couple of things I should mention David, I mean first I qualify the $4 billion as I mentioned on the call the value of the midnight dividend will obviously be depended upon once we get in front of the credit rating agencies with the Chemours business outlook at the time. And in order to maintain that BB rating, we’re determined what level of debt we’re really going to be able to put on there. Right now we’re estimating that to be $4 billion. Now there are some IRS rules that come into play here around the length of time one would have to return that value to the shareholders and has to be done in this 18 month period in order to maintain the tax free status of it. And so we’re projecting somewhere in that 12 to 18 month period is when we would look to return substantially all of that estimated $4 billion to the shareholders.
Nick Fanandakis: Well you characterized it right Frank that we said that we’re going to have Form 10 out there to essentially build the box if you will of what would be the base case and how we would proceed. And I’ve always said that we’re going at pace to execute against that spin separation. We do remain open to explore opportunities, I am not going to get into specifics in that regard, but we would remain open to explore opportunity. But I’ve also said many times that I find it very difficult to imagine something that’s going to take me of the spin path, I think the value that would have to be there in the way of the upside versus the speed and risk that one would take from going off of this spin path that we’re on, we have to be significant enough but I just find it hard to imagine that, that’s going to be possible Frank.
Nick Fanandakis: It's not going to be stranded cost Frank, but obviously as you go into 2016 there will be inflation that that’s going to occur on some of the cost items. There is also growth efforts that we continue to expand upon and drive. So there is going to be some increases in the cost element that this is going to be going against that sort of an increase. But it's not going to be something like stranded cost that's going to be there that's going to cause any kind of reduction against our projections.  Our number as you said is we believe we will realize about $0.35 in 2015, and at the end of ‘15 we will be at a run rate of about $1 billion. Now that run rate of $1 billion includes the run rate of $1 billion, includes the amount of cost that would be going over to P Chem part of the separation. The $0.35 does not, that's just $0.35 of value created within DuPont itself without the money going over to P Chem.
Nick Fanandakis: Jeff I think the biggest thing there is the absence of the tax payment for the coating sale. We had about $700 million of tax payment that shows as part of that free cash flow but the inflow of cash is below the free cash flow line in the investments area. So that's the biggest reason for the delta on a year-over-year basis.
Nick Fanandakis: The other thing I would add to what Ellen said and fully in line with what she just told you Jeff. But the other piece I would add is, think about the timing of all this, those exchange rates may change throughout the year but we're most heavily exposed especially against the euro in that first half of the year with the ag business. So our mix and timing of that mix and when those sales are going to take place is going to have a significant impact on our company.
Nick Fanandakis: The last couple of years, a big part of that has been driven by the enactments around the legislation for the expenders package that were held out and then all of a sudden we saw brought back in certainly that happened this year held out until very late in the year and then ramped it for 2014. And as you know in ‘15 it’s not in place. So I cannot use in my base tax rate the assumption that that is going to occur. I’ve got to keep that out and run my books if it’s not there and then if it gets enacted by year-end then I have to adjust for the full year at that point in time. So that’s a big part of it. And then the other piece is it is difficult to get exactly the mix right of all the places over 90 different countries that we’re operating in, exactly what the tax in those jurisdiction is going to be based on the actual sales that are going to accrue this. So the geographic mix does play a part in that, and you have to through that up as year-end, so we go through that final through up at year-end on that piece. So those are the main drivers.
Nick Fanandakis: The higher pension liability will be part of the non-op pension costs. So you’ll see impacted, they won’t be part of the operating earnings fee. And really what we’re talking about here is on the funding the unfunded portion that really took that step up of close to $4 billion, $3.7 billion. It's funny it doesn’t take much in the way of discount rate change to have a significant impact. Our rate assumptions for the calculations change by 80 basis points and we saw $2.8 billion impact of that alone. So small movements, as we saw last year when it helped us small movements can have a big impact on that unfunded position.
