Edward Breen: Thanks, Jen, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. Today we reported fourth quarter and full year results for 2018. And as we’ll discuss on this call it was a good year on all counts, as we delivered innovative solutions to customers, exceeded our cost synergy target and at the same time prepared to stand up three industry-leading world-class companies. In terms of our over-arching performance for the full year, we grew adjusted EPS 21% on a pro forma basis to $4.11. We delivered a net sales increase of 8% with price improvement in all regions and volume growth in most regions. We also increased operating EBITDA 13%. In two months, we plan to separate the new Dow followed shortly thereafter by the separation of Corteva from new DuPont. We made significant progress this year towards these important milestones and I'd like to thank the team for all their hard work to make this happen. Now, let me recap the high points of the year we concluded. First, we delivered on the earnings objective we set for ourselves, strengthened by well executed capacity additions and many new product launches, leading to overall local price improvement for each of the divisions and volume growth across the majority of our segments. Second, we upped our cost synergy target to $3.6 billion, 20% higher than our initial target and we have delivered more than $1.8 billion in savings since merger closed. Third, after completing our initial $4 billion share buyback program, we announced the new $3 billion share repurchase authorization and completed $1.4 billion of that in the fourth quarter. We have returned nearly $10 billion to shareholders since the merger closed and intend to complete another $1.6 billion share repurchase by the end of the quarter. And finally, we announced the future Boards including many new Directors. Across each Board, our Directors bring strong and highly relevant experience, insights, and key expertise to help our companies launch, grow, and deliver for all stakeholders. We also announced the three CEOs; each one is a talented leader with deep knowledge of their industry, has a track record of delivering value, and is highly focused on increasing shareholder returns. They also have great team supporting them; successful, dedicated operators who know their respective businesses and end markets extremely well. As a result of the process we have been through in creating them, we are confident that each company will be well-positioned in its markets with appropriate capital structures and plans to invest capital and R&D in ways that will drive significant shareholder value creation now and into the future. I couldn't be more excited about where each one is headed. Howard will go over our fourth quarter results in more detail, so I'll point out a couple of things that we're keeping an eye on. We saw some short-term softening in the fourth quarter including a steady drop in the price of oil and destocking in a few of our value chains that went beyond normal seasonality. Even in this environment, we were able to offset the headwinds to deliver flat sales year-over-year, which included 1% volume growth. We also delivered year-over-year adjusted EPS growth because of unique levers in our control such as cost synergies, new capacity additions, and product innovations. We believe our market share held up well, our execution was good, and our new products are resonating with customers. As we look at 2019, we are confident that the global economy will grow. However, there was more uncertainty than usual over the precise rate of growth we expect. We anticipate China to continue to grow this year, albeit at a slower pace along with slowing activity in Europe. We expect modest growth in most other regions. Let me provide some context to our expectations starting with Materials Science. We have consistently been forecasting a period of margin compression in both the Polyurethanes and polyethylene chains due to capacity additions across the industry. These dynamics have turned out largely as we expected and Jim Fitterling will go into more detail about the trends we saw in the fourth quarter and start to the year. For Specialty Products, we see benefits in 2019 from global economic growth and from a highly differentiated market positions, as Marc Doyle will explain. And in Agriculture, we expect to realize first-hit benefits from cost synergies and new products, offset by currency and higher unit cost as Jim Collins will outline. With that, let me turn it over to Howard.
Edward Breen: Yes, thanks David. This is Ed. Let me give you a little color on it. The softness we saw as we move through the fourth quarter from a geography standpoint was mainly China and secondarily, a little softening in Europe, the rest of the world kind of holding up exactly where it had been. And you break that down kind of by end market, we saw softness clearly in auto and we saw it in consumer electronics, but mostly on the smartphone side and a bit additional softening on U. S. residential, which didn't surprise us. Actually not all three of those were overly surprising based on forecast and other companies' comments. So, that was where it was at. I would say a high portion of what we're seeing right now to your question is a destocking activity going on. It's hard to peg exactly when you flushed that through the system, but I would say it's probably going through the first quarter and somewhere into the second quarter, you kind of work your way through that and you get back to normalized level. So, as you look at the forecast by the way on the DuPont side that's kind of what we teed up a lighter first half of the year. Second half of the year about where we expect with deleverage to the bottom line on our growth rate. Very similar to what we said at the guidance at the November investor meeting, but a little bit more muted in that first quarter and into the second quarter based on the destocking. And maybe just one overall comment also. If you look at – all of the DuPont end markets, I would say when you break that down to percentage, about 75% of the portfolio did exactly what it did all year. And then, the soft areas I just mentioned was maybe 25% of the portfolio where we're seeing that destocking take place. And again, that will correct itself over the next few months.
Edward Breen: Yes. No, look I think the SpecCo, I think the first quarter will be our lightest -- probably bleed a little of that destocking I talked about still into the second quarter and then we're expecting normal trends second half for the year for a growth rate from EBITDA standpoint and leverage as we talked about at the Investor Day, at least 1.5 times on leverage side. So, we'll build back there. And it's very clear talking to our channel partners that the destocking is taking place by just one data point because the biggest weakness we saw is auto and it was auto in China. And the auto builds were down 18% and -- but car sales actually were down 13%. So, you kind of see at the high level macro that the destocking is taking place which by the way is good once we're through it.
Edward Breen: One data point I would point to there's a lot of third-party forecasts out there on some of these different end markets and auto builds globally, maybe just use IHS, they are still talking about auto builds being down 3.5% first quarter, about 1% second quarter, then building up the 4% to 5% in the second half of the year. So, you can kind of -- I'd think of as an indicator of kind of how you'd see the destocking take place more so than the downturn in the auto builds. I think on the smartphone side, there's four or five forecast out there talking to the cellphone makers and some are slightly up some are slightly down, but I'd say cellphone sales look like they would flatten out in 2019. So, again, the destocking is happening now, but it's not like there's a continuing drop in demand in the business. And I'd also say on the housing side although that's smaller of the three soft areas. There's clearly forecast out there, third-party forecasts that say housing is going to be up 2% on the year, but actually down 1% in the first quarter. So again, I think those trends all foretell a little bit extra severeness we the destocking and a slight down market, and that will recover.
Jim Collins: Hi, P.J. This is Jim. As the year – as the quarter progressed obviously we saw that deceleration in oil pricing toward the end of the year and the last couple of weeks of December were pretty quiet in terms of the export markets. And so I think that's what led to the build-up that you saw in the U.S. inventory numbers. Some of that's starting to turn around in the first quarter. We're seeing some pricing movements in January, February. So we're kind of up three, up three in January, February. I would say the bulk of the new capacity came on in the back half of 2018. If you look forward into 2019, you don't have that much new capacity coming on. So I expect operating rates are going to improve 200 to 300 basis points through the year. But clearly, we've got to rebuild some margins in the quarter. So I think it was mostly sentiment at the end of the year that drove that build up in inventory. And I think what we will see is as we come out of Chinese New Year, you're going to see a pull on the demand side that's going to start to rebuild those volumes and margins. Volume was up 4% for us in Packaging and Specialty Plastics. And at a DowDuPont level, we still saw strong demand in China. We were up 10%.
Jim Collins: Great, Vincent. Thanks for the question. You're right. We're really excited about those two approvals after such a long wait. We have – we're ramping up the parent c production for those two traits this year. So, 2019 will really be a very limited continued limited commercial launch based on the quantities and the materials that we have. We could essentially have a couple million units or a couple million acres out there of both ENLIST and Qrome from our previous work. But we'll drive that really hard as we get into 2020, you could see as much as 10% of our soybean line up in North America into the Enlist balanced by the other offerings that we have. On the Crop Protection side, on the cost side, we’ve got a lot of experience already with the Enlist, Enlist Duo combination that's out there. We are spraying it on corn and spraying it on cotton, we don't anticipate growers already have good sense for what that treatment per acre will cost, and then we've seen tremendous uptake on that. So demand is high and we're excited about it, we're going to ramp this up as fast as we can.
Jim Collins: And Ian this is Jim Collins for Corteva, it's really kind of the same story for the first quarter and the first half kind of three core messages. And you're right we've got some good sales growth, we've got synergies flowing through, but those are being offset first by some pretty significant currency headwinds. You'll see in the outlook about well over $300 million of topline hit, mostly during the Brazilian real, but we picked up a lot of euro exposure too here in the first half along with some of those Eastern European countries. In addition to that, we have a little bit of timing going on. We had some shift of some revenues that kind of moved early into that safrinha season into the fourth quarter. And then these market facilitation program payments that resulted out of USDA's work with the Trump administration on helping growers. Some of these guys have a lot of cash right there at the end of the quarter. So they went-out and bought up a bit early. So we saw some North American volumes that hit early. And then I would say -- maybe the third offset is cost of goods. We're picking up some raw material cost from shipments in from China as they worked on some of their environmental reforms and it's moving some of those, rise up. And as we increase the penetration of some of these new products our royalty rates are moving up on us a little bit. So that explains the half. We're not really – you're right talking about full year at this point. We'll give you some more color on that, a little bit later, but I think – think about the year that we'll be generally up on EBITDA and we'll be able to talk about that as the full year really unfolds.
Jim Collins: Yes, and for Corteva, clearly, a lot of moving parts in the market, so we're feeling good about giving first half which is the bulk of our business in 2019. So, it's pretty indicative of how our -- of the kind of how our year is going to start. But we'll be giving a lot more color on how we view full year as we go forward at the interactions we'll have with you guys and we'll keep updating that as it unfolds.
