Ed Breen: Thanks, Lori. Slide 7 highlights the progress we've made since announcing the N&B and IFF transaction in mid-December. During the quarter, we completed additional key milestones. In May, DuPont, N&B and IFF filed the respective initial registration statements and are advancing the review process with the SEC. IFF and DuPont also named executive committee of the future combined company, which will include key DuPont N&B senior leaders. In addition, the company announced two independent DuPont appointees to the Board of Directors for the future combined company. We have made meaningful progress regarding regulatory approval. We cleared the U.S. process in March and have since received the approval in China, Serbia and Colombia. The clearance processes and the remaining required jurisdictions are well underway. Earlier this week, IFF filed its definitive proxy relating to the IFF shareholder approval of the transaction. The IFF shareholder meeting is set to take place on August 27. I remain excited about this combination as the tremendous opportunity for growth and greater innovation as the businesses come together. The teams are energized and all the critical milestones remain on track for first quarter of 2021 closing. Let me wrap up with a few comments on our expectations for the third quarter, while the next several months will likely continue to be challenging due to the pandemic we believe that the second quarter will mark the bottom for us. However, our return to pre pandemic levels will be measured and will certainly vary across our end markets. In markets like automotive and residential construction, we have seen an inflection in demand heading into the third quarter, but believe recovery will be gradual. Additionally markets like oil and gas, aerospace, commercial, construction and other key industrial segments continue to see significant weakness. As a result, the approach of operating many of our sites with a focus on cash generation to better match supply with demand will remain unchanged. We expect third quarter to look very similar to the second quarter with sales slightly up sequentially driven by modest recovery in automotive and residential construction, mostly offset by seasonal patterns in N&B as well as the impact of supply constraints across our Tyvek enterprise as we perform routine maintenance on the assets. It is worth noting that within E&I, semi is holding up stronger than we initially estimated what we remain cautious about the potential of some elevated inventory in the channel. We expect operating EPS in the range of $0.71 to $0.73 of sequential increase from the second quarter driven by the improving top-line. Sequentially lower costs associated with idling facilities will be offset by a slightly weaker mix in S&C due to required downtime in Tyvek and the absence of gains associated with the customer settlement and a discrete tax item recorded in the second quarter. We estimate our year-over-year decremental margins for the third quarter to be in line with the second quarter at around 45% on an as reported basis, again impacted by costs associated with idling facilities as well as the absence of prior year gains in our E&I and Non-Core segments. However, on an underlying basis, we estimate our decremental margins will be approximately 25%, an improvement of more than 500 basis points versus our second quarter underlying decremental margins driven by sustained execution of our structural cost savings. We will continue to stay focused on execution and remain confident that we will emerge from this crisis, an even stronger company. I'll now turn it to Leland to open up for Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes. John, there's multiple lines basically in two locations over in the Luxembourg and Europe and in our Spruance facility in the U.S. So it's more than one line. And we're going to add line eight actually, which we have a CapEx program against for future demand. But a couple of our lines are extremely old lines. We got those up and running at way higher rates than we had been running on that before because of the pandemic and want to make so many more garments, as Lori mentioned. You could see our garment sales were up 60% or so. So we've really been cranking it out a couple of the older lines, and we just need to be doing some maintenance on. And the maintenance is not long, but it takes the lines down for two, three weeks and we're going to rotate through quite a few of those during this quarter and then we'll be hopefully in really good shape as we move over the next year after we do that. And then line eight we delayed some of that CapEx. We had to delay it because Luxembourg, the government actually shut us down during the pandemic and towards the end of the year, will recrank up the CapEx on that program to get that line up and running, and we'll have that up in like 1.5 years from kind of when we started up. So we'll have all that capability as we move forward.
Ed Breen: Yes. So John, look, our July sales were similar to the average we kind of were running in the first quarter, but the big difference was that we saw resi orders starting to pick up as we got into the middle of July. We're starting to see auto orders pick up for us as we kind of got into the middle of the month. And so we – but we sit in the supply chain a little bit later, as Lori mentioned in her remarks. So we're expecting to see the sales impact from that hit more towards the back half of the third quarter and then certainly as we go into the fourth quarter. So are we being a little conservative? Possibly because there are two key end markets for us, but it's just hard to tell exactly how much actually makes it into the quarter. But there's no doubt we're seeing demand lift on the order front in those two segments. And then as Lori had mentioned also, the semi market is holding up. We thought we might see some softness in the third quarter because some build in the channel. We still think there is some. We're a little cautious on that. I know some of our competitors are saying things are running hot also, and we continue to run pretty hot on the semi side. So could we be a little bit conservative possibly. But again, it's hard to tell when things actually hit in the sales number during the quarter. But I think its building momentum back half of third quarter, certainly in the fourth quarter.
Ed Breen: Yes. I don't necessarily like talking about specific customers, but I think – let me just – I think we're in a very strong position. That is a large customer of ours. So let me just say it that way. And there's clearly, maybe everyone misread the momentum a little bit in this industry, but the work at home, the data center usage, I know a key competitor of ours saw pretty much the same results. So I think it's across-the-board. The industry is growing – was growing at that rate last quarter, 18%. But we're positioned very well with a couple of the very big players in the industry. So they're seeing nice momentum also as I see they reported their numbers. So if they continue like that, we're going to continue like that. But 18% growth, I just don't see that, Jeff, holding at those kind of rates. I mean, we grow 5%, 6%, 7%. I think that's pretty nice. So I do think there's going to be some, over the second half of the year, here, a little bit of a downdraft from those growth rates, I would think, but still growing nicely.
Ed Breen: Yes. So there's two things going on. We've got the product – some key product launches coming up with our customers for the holiday season and their 5G-enabled phones. And we have a lot more content in the 5G phones because we do all the antenna technology. So yes, we definitely have visibility for that. Obviously, smartphone sales year-over-year have been down, but we'll start to get the lift from these new launches and then the lift from the content from – going into 5G. Lori, you might want to mention kind of the difference between a 5G and a non-5G phone, just to put it in perspective.
Ed Breen: Yes. It’s a great question. So from an R&D standpoint – and by the way, want to just to use one example. Our biggest location is the experimental station in Delaware where a couple thousand people work there, a lot of our scientists that do just great work, and they are going back into their labs. Very few of them though are using the office space that they have, but they are doing all their lab work. We have set it up where we are actually doing different shifts. So not every employee is in the labs at the same time. So we have an early shift that goes to about noon and then we have a second shift that goes in for the whole afternoon into the evening. And we even have quite a few of our scientists going in during the nighttime into the wee hours of the morning. So we can keep – limit the number of people in any given lab at one time. But we have many, many, many labs. So that – they are functioning. They need to be in those facilities to do a lot of their work, and that's occurring. One of the things that I think every CEO is seeing in this environment, though, back to your point about the corporate office and many of our other offices, we've been able to really work very well remotely. And by way, remember, DuPont is going through a massive deal with IFF and N&B and all the integration work and separation and hard financials and tax work and we're right on schedule with it despite most of the people working remotely. So we really – we've put a team together, and we're really looking at how do we handle our office footprint around the globe going forward. And by the way, I'm a big believer you should be in the office interacting with people. I do think if you do this long term, you'll lose something but I don't think it has to be where you're there every single day and our people are working extremely hard remotely. So we're kind of doing a whole study on can we do kind of sharing of offices and all that and reduce the footprint as we move forward. So we're taking a hard, hard look at that and probably make some decisions before we exit the year.
Ed Breen: Yes. I think – look, I think there'll be a resolution settlement. There's basically two plaintiffs that are handling the 100 or so outstanding cases. We've been in conversations, and let me just say, I'm highly confident there'll be a resolution in the not-too-distant future on that.
Ed Breen: Yes. No, Scott, I think there definitely is, and by the way, Lori and I have been very focused on that issue. As we Lori and I have been very focused on that issue. As we look out over multiple years, I think we can reduce the CapEx. It just so happened that we hit a period between probiotics, Kapton, Tyvek where we were very constrained on capacity and it just so happens they happen to be three of our most capital intense businesses. So I would just put in we kind of are hitting a hump on the high end for a couple of years. And we – as we model out over three, four, kind of five years, we can drift that CapEx back down. We're also – I don't want to get into all the details, all the details, but we're also looking at some outsourcing of some of the earlier chain stuff in our portfolio that I don't feel we have to do and we can outsource that to somebody else, and we're studying that hard, too. There's a couple of areas we know we can do that in and that will reduce the CapEx on our that will reduce the CapEx on our end also. So it's a big focus of ours to get that number back down around D&A on a consistent basis. But it's a great question. We understand the importance of that. 
Ed Breen: Yes. And just by the way on the combo, look a couple of key principles. We're going to have pretty massive R&D capability in the combined company. So we're not doing any cutting there, most of our synergy work as it is at DuPont is really going to be on the G&A side. So we're going to have really nice scale to be launching consistently new products into the markets. We've had great feedback from customers on our ability to do a lot of application development work with them with the extensive portfolio we're going to have. So I feel very bullish on that. And as you can see, generally as an industry, it just holds up very, very well. I think Lori mentioned this in her prepared remarks, 85% of the portfolio, which is really food and beverage centric grew organically 5% in the quarter and the piece that dragged it down to a 1% in aggregate was really industrial end markets that we play in. So we'll have to look at that as we move forward, but it's just a consistent industry. I would also point out, I think I said this on the last earnings call, the multiple that IFF trade that, and by the way, the IFF value or the N&B values basically still about where we announced the deal at, which is $26 billion of value for a DuPont shareholder and IFF multiple still sits 400 basis points to 500 basis points below the top, what I'd call the top few players in the industry. So I think we, as a combo, we prove success rolling out the new company. There's great margin expansion capability, just with the IFF share price and clearly the number one position that we're going to have. Again, we got to come out elegantly and integrate the company well, but that opportunity is there. And in this case, I truly believe we have the revenue synergies we've talked about with what we can offer to a customer. One of the areas – probably it's still a small business, but one of the areas really growing for us right now is the meatless meat market business. And I think we had a chart out when we announced the deal. IFF has four or five products that sell into that industry. DuPont has four or five products that sell into that industry. So our ability to innovate, just use that as one example, innovate in that industry as it moves forward is just way more significant than anybody else. So I think it's going to be a really awesome company, when we get it to – get going on it and hope February 1 is our date to consummate the merger next year. Again as – and as I think Lori said the vote – the shareholder vote is on August 27, so another month from now and that'll be done.
Ed Breen: It should be yes. And my gut is talking to our customers that you'll see more announcements like that.
Ed Breen: Not – Jonas, not significantly, but remember one of the things we've been working on and I'm really glad we got our sustainability report out. If you want to take a look at that now, it's online, is that a lot of our products in areas we're working on from an R&D standpoint really goes towards the UN sustainability goals. So I think we're secularly where we're – our scientists are working, where we're developing products for, I think, is in the sweet spot of a lot of things that are changing in the world. So from that standpoint, yes, we put a lot of effort into that over the last few years, so we're kind of redirect our thinking towards that area. And so I think secularly, I feel good about where we're investing our money. So I wouldn't say the pandemic changed anything. It's kind of been something we've been working on the last few years. And I think that's going to play out well for us. And it's why we think in normal times we can outgrow GDP because of the areas we're going to be focused on.
Ed Breen: Yes. Yes, it is. And by the way, we – that's a business and by the way that goes to our sustainability goal. That's one of the key ones is global clean water. That business, as you saw, is growing very nicely. And we would love to add to that portfolio, both R&D capability, which we're adding people, application development people we're adding in that business. And if we could do any more bolt-on acquisitions, we would be thrilled to do it in that space. And by the way it was strong across the home application, desalination and industrial wastewater, every one of those segments is doing very well.
Ed Breen: No, I would think that that would be done. It's not – I don't think it's overly significant. But, as Lori mentioned in her remarks, our sales in T&I were kind of less than half of the downturn of autos. So, we're concerned just there's a little bit, but we also, as we said, we lag in the supply chain a little bit. So I would think by the time we're going into the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we're totally fine.
Ed Breen: Yes, I'd also mention – or Lori, you might want to give a number around this, but one of the things going into the pandemic, I was personally very worried about was just past due balances and we have had massive improvement on pass through, which I kind of find interesting in this environment because I wouldn't have thought that, but Lori – the teams around the world, we put a big, big focus on that as I thought it could become a little bit more of an issue and we've actually made great progress.
Ed Breen: Yes, John, it's been one of my more frustrating ones. We have interested parties in every one of the assets. We're in negotiations on everyone and it's just slower in this environment doing due diligence people visiting sites, doing the environmental studies. So, hopefully, we'll make some progress here in the back half of the year on that, but we're totally focused on getting that done. I just don't want to put a date on them. I thought we'd have a couple done by this phone call and hopefully we get them across the finish line, but we definitely have parties that we've been talking to. Mostly strategic…
Ed Breen: Well, I can't say yet. We'll make that decision as we get later into the fall. I mean, I've always just done a spin-off, but I don't want to put a leaning on it right now, just depends what the numbers look like when we get there. But look, I think, the good news overall, John, I mean the shareholder vote is happening in a month, the deal is definitely happening. I know earlier in the year, people were curious, is this thing going to stick and all that with everything going on. So the deal is in great shape from that standpoint. And again, we'll see where we're trading at what's going on at the time and we'll make a decision then, and you just can't make it right now because you don't know the facts.
Ed Breen: Yes, PJ it’s a great question. I think we'll probably assess it again in the kind of early fall. Take a look at it. Remember, we're going to get over $2 billion of excess cash from the IFF deal at the beginning or kind of going into 2021. So we know we have that coming back to the prior question, hopefully we have some decent cash coming in from the non-core asset sales, so that will be excess cash and of course in our own just operations generating cash. So, I really love our position going into 2021 because we're going to have cash available from a multiple angles and no debt payments until November of 2023. So we're going to have a lot of flexibility. And so, I think, we'll be reassessing that as I said in the early fall and make a call on that. If I look at the new DuPont ex N&B and I look at where the multiple of the companies out, which is give or take eight times. I can't imagine at some point here, we're not going to be doing some share repurchase. Hopefully, we're not trading around eight times moving forward, but ex not worried about the pandemic, I'd be buying shares back right now. So I again will assess it again in the fall knowing where we're going to be sitting from a balance sheet, a very strong cash position.
Ed Breen: Yes, let me just answer that. No, I don't feel any different about T&I. By the way it’s a great – auto is a great industry to be in and just. It’s just – hey, the pandemic took it down, but remember, I think Lori covered this well. The charge we had to take was because we had to step up the assets so significantly in the DowDuPont merger that there just was no wiggle room there. So it's a non-cash charge. If we – any weakness we would see we were kind of on the teetering edge because of what we had to do when we did the merger and step up. So no, I don't feel any different about it. And look, we're starting to see the rebound in auto come back here and I think 2021 will be a decent year for auto, not back to $90 million auto builds, but it's going to lift up rather nicely here. So I feel good about that. And look, as I said, we're all hands on deck operationally right now. We're not looking at something big structural right now. There's too many moving pieces with – in all the industries. And it's just not on our plate at this point in time. We want to get the N&B deal done, keep it on schedule which we are, and – but we always have that flexibility in the future, if there's a great opportunity for our shareholders.
John Inch: Good morning, guys. I would like to ask you about the Tyvek line maintenance. Is this routine, say, for the summer? Or because you have older equipment, I'm just hypothesizing and it's been running full out. Obviously, you would not want to have the one going down in a period of strong demand. So maybe just a little more color there would be helpful.
John Inch: Yes, okay. So that sounds like it really is just maintenance versus a major overhaul, which completely makes sense.
John Inch: Yes. Yes. That’s fine. As a follow-up, Ed, how do July trends look? And by extension, not to put you on the spot, but how conservative do you think you're being with your third quarter sales commentary of sales up slightly sequentially.
Lori Koch: Yes. If I could just add some things by a comment. So our July sales curve, the average of 2Q, not 1Q. And then if we are being conservative in the market recovering a little bit more quickly than expected, then we will participate in that upside. So we have – concern that we've got market share issues. Really just our call on when the recovery really starts and when we start to see that manifest in order placement.
Lori Koch: Yes. As Ed had mentioned, as we look to the third quarter, we'll see sequential lift within the Interconnect Solutions, which primarily sells into smartphones, just driven by the seasonality as the new phones come to market in the back half of the year. So we do expect that the overall handset to be down versus prior year but we'll pretty much offset that decline with the higher content that we have in the newer smartphones. So as Ed had noted, we sell into normal premium smartphone, about $2.50 a phone. In the newer models coming out, we have an extra dollar on phone, up to $3.50. And then as you get all the way to an enabled-5G phone, we see upwards of potentially another $1 on top of the $3.50 that we expected. It's a nice play for us to be able to offset some of the decline that we expect within the overall handset.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I think from a margin perspective, underlying, so it takes the costs that we'll see with idling facilities in 3Q and then the prior year total gains of around $60 million between E&I and Non-Core, expect margins to be about flat, maybe up a bit underlying.
Lori Koch: So we definitely see 2Q as trough year. We will see sequential improvement in T&I as we head into Q3. Just right now, as we see the order book, it's going to be more towards the back end of the quarter and that really a nice [indiscernible] assuming the reopening continues. It's really more of a function of where we sell into this than anything else. So we – usually, once you start seeing the OEMs start back again, you're about a quarter behind because of where we sell in with the customers versus direct to OEMs.  So as we had mentioned earlier, if we're being conservative on that ramp, we'll participate in that upside because we have no share concerns. But I think it's indicative, too, if you kind of look through in the first half, we pretty well outperformed the auto build number and that's a function of where we sell into the chain. Polymer player sit and pull back as much as the OEMs enabling us to have volume declines that were less than the overall auto build decline. 
Lori Koch: Yes. So from an idle mill perspective, we took about $130 million in Q2. We do see sequentially less underlying from the costs actually associated with taking the assets down into Q3 and then even more so into Q4. So fortunately, we have the flexibility that whenever we do see the demand recover, that we can be pretty agile and take those assets back up in two to three weeks. And so if we need to accelerate our existing plans, we can do that. So Q3 will look a little bit more of uptime than Q2 and then we'll see even more uptime as you head into Q4. 
Lori Koch: Yes, so maybe I can hit the margin piece first. So we did drive really nice margin lift in N&B and a lot of it was driven just by favorable mix. And so, we had mentioned that our probiotics were up about 30%. That's definitely the highest margin piece of the portfolio. So we really had nice improvement there. And also cost actions helps with the margin lift. So N&B would have shared in a portion of that $130 million of cost reductions that we saw in the quarter.
Lori Koch: And if I can just add the acquisitions that we made at the end of the year, really have put us as a leader across all the three types of filtration technology, so reverse Osmosis, Ultrafiltration and Ion Exchange Resins. So we're well positioned to take advantage of any inflections in the market.
Lori Koch: Yes, so I think the growth, we see a lot of upside in the growth and even when the pandemic is behind us we see further upside with the garments, just given that a lot of the local and national governments will look to either establish or replenish their stockpile, so that the benefit that we're seeing isn't temporary. And longer-term, obviously, we need to add capacity to continue to participate in the growth and we're doing that. So once we are able to restart the Tyvek line 8 project at the end of the year that ultimately will add an incremental capacity for us. As far as the debottlenecking is concerned, we did a lot of that in the first half to enable the improvements that we saw in Tyvek garment. So combined with a couple of initiatives of bringing some new assets online as well as debottlenecking, that’s where we able to double that production of Tyvek garment. So always looking to get incremental capacity of the line just given the asset is sold out.
Lori Koch: Sure, yes. So we've got – for this year, we've got a target of greater than $500 million and then even beyond that we've still got entitlement as far as improving our underlying productivity probably deliver another $500 million. So we said, it's not going to come out in one year, but we saw $1 billion total working capital opportunity. So once we get past that, those two large improvement opportunities, they're going to be a couple years until we're complete with those. With the free cash flow conversion targets that we've set of at least greater than 90% and we've been greater than that in the past. And so, our history is right around a 100% that sort of dictates that you maintain flat working capital to be able to deliver that metric. And so any upside that you see as far as top-line growth that may negatively impact working capital. We're going to have to offset that with ongoing productivity. And so our largest opportunity sits within inventory, which is where a lot of our efforts are targeted around improving inventory productivity through SKU rationalization, through reorder point examination, through demand – better demand planning. So that's one of the larger opportunities for us as we go forward.
Lori Koch: Yes, we did. We've reduced past due versus prior year by about 40% in the quarter. So really nice there, just as Ed had mentioned with a lot of the customers looking to delay payments or miss payments because of the pandemic, we've actually went to the other side and reduced it. So, a great performance there.
Lori Koch: Yes, so that was within the 15% of the portfolio that we had noted that was weaker in N&B. So that portion of the portfolio along with microbial control was down significantly in the quarter. As we look to the back half, we would think – you would see kind of a flattish in the second half, but we'll see how the market continues to play out.
