Lori Koch: Yes. So, overall, full year, we have about a 1% price decline in total on the top-line, and we expect carryover benefit from further raw material, logistics and energy savings to offset that, to be neutral from a spread perspective for a year. So, I wouldn't say it's any material change. We had always been in that camp in the raw material side with the pricing, maybe we're being a little bit cautious just based on where the volumes fit in the first half. But overall, no material change. And I don't know that 1% total price is all that material to the total company.
Lori Koch: Yeah. And I would say on volumes in China specifically, they did -- they are still down on a full year basis, but we did see less of a decline as the year went on and it varied by business. So obviously, E&I was kind of first into the China downturn, and they actually delivered 1% volume growth in China in the fourth quarter. And then, as the year went on, we saw primarily the water business in China decelerate per Ed's comment. So, it is still a tough market in China, but it looks like E&I is on the upswing, and we expect further improvement in the W&P business in water starting towards the tail line of the second quarter.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, the pension should be roundly $50 million to $60 million of a cash funding. So no material difference from where it was in 2023. We had noted the CapEx, which also isn't a material change from 2023. We would expect to be, again, around that target of 90% conversion for 2024. We'll see how the timing of the volume lift unfolds. That could create a receivables headwind as you get into the back half of the year as you see that nice volume lift year-over-year. So, I expect it to deliver strong cash flow. We made a lot of progress on one of the areas that we really focused on with respect to inventory in 2023, and we're not going to give back that benefit that we saw and we'll work to hold on to those gains.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So sequentially, a lot of it is volume driven. So, we see about $150 million of revenue ramp first quarter to second quarter. That's primarily volume. We also see a little bit of a build in the cost savings program. So, we had mentioned it will really kick in at the end of Q1. So you'll see some ramp as you head into Q2. Those are the biggest items. The largest improvement is going to be the volume increase, though, first quarter to second quarter.
Lori Koch: We would expect normal. So normally, 2Q and 3Q are the best quarters for shelter within 1Q and 4Q being lower than those averages.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, we had mentioned we saw an improvement in volume as the year went on. The volumes in shelter were kind of down about 4% in the fourth quarter, and we expect them to be slightly up in the first quarter and then build from there to about 4% by the time we close out the year. So, the utilization rates will definitely improve. This is not a high fixed cost business. So when we talked about the absorption headwinds that we saw throughout 2023, that was primarily in the E&I side, and then it started to kick in a little bit on the safety side with the heavy assets in that portfolio. So there isn't a huge absorption headwind within shelter, but we will see some benefit from volume that would have a little bit of benefit absorption as the year goes on.
Lori Koch: Yeah. I think, Steve, too, so on semi, it's around a $2 billion business for us, about $700 million of that is data center. So it's a pretty large chunk. If you look at the results and the forecast that the OEMs are providing, it's oftentimes skewed by the price of the chip, which it has no impact on our volumes and our revenues. So that's one thing maybe just to clarify to make sure that if you're seeing lift in some of the OEMs, it's probably right now more coming from price, especially on the memory side. Our portfolio is about 30% memory, 70% logic foundry from a disposition perspective as well.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So, overall, semi volumes in the fourth quarter were down in the high single-digits as some of the OEMs continue to destock. So that's one other piece, too, is they could still be producing and they're producing out of inventory versus buying new materials to add to their inventory. But if you compare our results that have been released year-to-date versus the peers that sell materials in those subsegments they are in line.
Lori Koch: Yeah. Maybe just real quick, on the logistics perspective, so Ed had mentioned an expected bottoming of the distributor inventory levels in China in the May-June timeframe. We ship from the US to them primarily. So, there's about a 60-day lag between when they need the material at their facility versus when we ship it, and then we recognize the revenue when we ship it. So, there will be a bit of a favorable impact from our perspective on revenue versus when it arrives at their facilities for use in China.
Lori Koch: Yeah, we think it should still be in the mid-single-digit range. So, we think that China is just resolving of some higher inventory levels. If you look back at the volumes before we started to see a downturn globally, I'm going to talk about global volumes, water was up 8% in full year 2022. And then, in the first half, it was up 4% in Q1 and 9% in Q2, and then we started to see the downturn in Q3. So, we think it's a temporary dislocation. There's still a lot of confidence and opportunity for outsized growth versus GDP in the water business.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So, 2023 was very favorable for the auto industry, kind of up in that high single-digit range, and we would outperform that in the EV space just by about 25% to 30% of our portfolio is now EV. On a full year basis, though, for 2024, we do see it about flat from a volume perspective, in-line with where auto builds are. So, obviously, China is going to slow down a bit in 2024 off of a really strong 2023, especially tail end of 2023. But longer term, we're still very confident in the EV expansion opportunity and the pace of the EV growth, and we have a really nice position to continue to benefit from that, not only in the corporate retained businesses primarily with adhesives, but also within the W&P portfolio, Nomex. We've got a really nice opportunity on the e-motor side of the house with using Nomex as an insulator.
Lori Koch: Yeah. It's in-line with our expectations. It's ramping nicely with the new customer win that we highlighted when we acquired the business, that's going very well. We've actually integrated the business within the company and combined it with our Liveo healthcare business to further take advantage of those commercial synergies that continues to be a nice opportunity for us.
Lori Koch: Yeah, Frank, we had a little north of $200 million of absorption headwinds in 2023. Most of that in E&I. It did kick in a little bit towards the tail end of the year in 2023 for W&P, and that will continue in Q1 as well. So, we do see absorption headwinds in Q1. Right now, given that our full year midpoint guide of $12.1 billion is about flat with this year. On a year-over-year basis, we don't really see material absorption tailwinds because volumes aren't materially improving. There will be improvement first half, second half, because the volume story is different first half, second half. But in the guide that we have provided, we didn't take in material benefits. Obviously, if that plays out, [indiscernible] that could be a change, a positive change, but initially, that's where we sit.
Lori Koch: Yeah. We did see benefit in the fourth quarter in the $50 million to $75 million range. We do see some further tailwinds year-over-year in Q1, just really from that carryover benefit of the raws that we were buying that were stuck in inventory and are now coming out. But right now, our view is that we would still see those benefits about $100 million on a full year basis in '24, but we expect about a 1% price get back with a lot of it being in the shelter business as we had kind of been flagging all along. That's where we got the most price to begin with in the 2022, 2023 timeframe.
Lori Koch: Yeah. I mean even if China potentially is at a lower structural growth rate year-over-year, it's coming off a pretty [indiscernible]. So, full year volumes in China were down in the mid-teens. And so, it's not a high hurdle to jump off of as you head into 2024 to deliver growth. We still have a lot of confidence longer term in those markets that are highly rooted in China, especially on the electronics side, and on the water side, we expect improvement.
Lori Koch: Yeah. I mean we, obviously, exited a higher margin than where we started the year. So, our current expectations is we would exit butting up against 26% EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter. We've always said that we think the EBITDA margin profile for the total company should be in that 27%, 28% range, and we don't have a change to that with E&I being in the low 30%s and W&P in the kind of mid-20%s. So, we exit the year, as I had mentioned, butting up against 26% kind of in the low $800 million range. If you look back to our peak earnings in late 2022, they were more in that $850 million range, and they didn't have Spectrum in them. There's still a clearly opportunity for us to see to continue to expand beyond that run rate that we'll expect to see at the end of this year.
Ed Breen: Scott, I'd also say, I think we said on the last earnings call, there's a couple of end markets we would probably have to give up a little price to maintain our market position. I don't want to get into the details what they are on the call. But generally speaking, we have been holding price across the platform and we continue to hold price across the platform. So, really no change there at all.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So, Scott, it was very interesting. I'll just kind of give you an overall DuPont comment on orders and then specifically the water business in China where we've seen a real significant destock. And by the way, overall, it was really interesting to watch. We were still declining, as we said, in the fourth quarter on our order rates. But through the month of January, we've had high single-digit growth pretty much across the platform except for Kalrez and biopharma, which we expect to come back later in the year before they pick up. I'll give you two other data points which are really interesting. And the water business declined in the fourth quarter, but through the first month of January, our orders were up 13%. And a chunk of that was the water business in China. And interestingly there, as you look at the order pattern of that increase, most of that starts May on, which is about what our distributors have been telling us when they bottom out on their inventory. And just another data point because it was one of the other ones we saw destock as we went through the back half of the fourth quarter was our safety orders, which include medical packaging, which was another one that had a significant destock. Those orders were up 10% in the month of January. And that, by the way, is a shorter cycle book than water. Water is the only one we kind of get booked out three months, four months because people are accustomed to having the book out that far, but most of our other businesses are very short cycle. So, the 10% up on the safety orders and medical packaging would bode well for the lift that we're expecting to see from first to second quarter on the top-line. So, it was really interesting, we were going still negative going into the end of the year and now pretty broadly positive for the month of January.
Ed Breen: Well, I think, there was a couple of things. I think we got hit a little harder than we were expecting in the fourth quarter, simply because it was most people's fiscal year end, and they're aggressively trying to work down inventories. By the way, as DuPont did, we were aggressively doing it. We accelerated it, as you could see from our cash flow and our inventory position even more in the fourth quarter. So I think it was just trended a little more than we expected. I'd also say I would add to that, remember that in W&P, specifically, 50% of our business goes through distribution. So, they can easily tell you just shut it off for two months or three months and don't ship them yet. And that's what we saw a little bit more of than we were expecting. But very interesting, as I said, it is a month, it's not a quarter yet, but most of those and those distributor orders turned around in the month of January. And again, it was pretty broad-based across the portfolio, ex a couple of these end markets that I talked about. And specifically, by the way, in safety, the distribution orders sort of coming into January, shelter were very heavy through distribution. And we know we've bottomed that. We actually expect slight growth this quarter and that to build a little bit more as the year goes on. And then, I mentioned the water one already, that's 40% globally through distribution, and it was mostly our distributor customers that delayed orders, not our end customers. So that's kind of the dynamic, but very interesting to see this January thing now.
Ed Breen: And just, Mike, just an overall comment, we're 90% of short cycle company. It can go down pretty quickly and it can go up pretty quickly. A lot of this is hangover from COVID excess inventory, people working it off. And so, you can see the bounce back also.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So, by the way, just a few bullet points on kind of first half, second half ramp there, obviously, the increased semi fab and PC utilization rates, remember, semi is a very high-margin business for us. So, we see that coming back. And we've already started to see, as we just commented slightly, we're seeing an improvement. It was about 2% in the quarter. So, we clearly bottomed out there and we'll now lift. Destock will be mostly complete in the second half of the year. The only ones that might slip into the fourth quarter and we've taken that into account as biopharma and Kalrez, although many in biopharma think that's going to lift by the inflection point at the middle of the year, we're a little more cautious than it's -- maybe more of a fourth quarter, and then clearly improved factory absorption from the hits we've been taking there to keep inventory in line. And then we'll have more of the cost savings from the restructuring program. So, I'd say that's the big items that kind of build first half, second half. And obviously, just volume ramp in general because of destock ending.
Ed Breen: Well, David, I think, look, we've got -- we're working our way through this destock. And I think the year is going to lift very nicely. I think we just have to be patient to see how it looks as we're kind of exiting 2024. And I think we haven't been in stability here with the destock going on in the short cycle nature. But to your point, David, it's a phenomenal franchise. We're in the sweet spot of it. We got a lot of upside coming with the AI opportunity. All these new facilities, fabs we have built are mostly advanced chips, which plays even more to our strength. So, when people can really see these numbers cranking again, as we're going through the second half of the year, we'll see how the company is valued.
Ed Breen: Well, I think we're within days or a couple of weeks of the judge finally getting the whole water district thing done at all. I think it was just -- they're probably waiting. I think what's going on is they're just waiting to get one announcement from all the companies out. And I think 3M just last Friday, had their kind of I'll call it a preliminary hearing. So, I think that's very, very close to being finalized here. And then, nothing will happen on the personal injury cases most likely this year. However, our kind of take is, we like to settle these things before there's any trial, but they are going through picking some of the -- who would be the initial ones that would go to trial. I think there's 28 of those on the list right now and the judge and all will narrow that down to a smaller group. But I don't think that's a 2024 issue on that.
Ed Breen: Yeah, sales process works. We do a lot of application engineering and development directly with the top -- really, it's about 10 major customers in the semi side. So, it's really the win we get there, where it's processed at a fab is somewhat irrelevant to us. Although we like the fact that these fabs are coming on because the world thinks there's a lot of demand coming over the next cycle here in the semi world, which there should be because everything needs to chip nowadays and more of its advanced chips. But our win rate is really at the design stage with these 10 large customers around the world. And again, where they make it doesn't really matter that much to us, but still a very good sign. And I'd say, overall, market share does not shift much in this business. There is a couple of key players, especially on the higher-end chips and market share is pretty steady across the board year in and year out.
Ed Breen: I think we're very coupled to it because the big -- one of the big demand drivers next year is data center and that's a lot of advanced chip applications. I won't say the customer's name, but there's one that's been out there very steadily that is requiring a lot of advanced chips that is a key customer of ours. So, that whole drive towards AI data center and the need for advanced chips plays right to the sweet spot of our portfolio. So no, we won't decouple at all. There's no area that's going to grow faster in the semi side that we won't participate in. That truly is our sweet spot as we go forward here. Remember, in a typical times, we've consistently outgrown the market to 300 basis points because of that dynamic.
Ed Breen: Yes. So, Aleksey, it's a great question. I would say true demand is down 3% or 4% negative. If you look at our direct customers we sell to over there, they have a little bit of destocking going on at their end, but by and large, when you look at their demand, again, they're in the 3% to 4%, some of them are 5% down, somewhere right in that range. But if you go to our distributor customers, they were down over 30%. And that's where we started to see orders come back through January for deliveries kind of in the May, June, July timeframe. And as I mentioned earlier, the water orders in January were up 13%. And a big part of that was the China orders from the distributors. So, the market is definitely down a little bit. But if we could just get all the destocking to come back, that's a huge swing for us even if the market for a little bit stays down. So, the inventory in China on water will bottom in that kind of May, June timeframe. And that's why I think we're starting to, obviously, then see these orders, at least preliminarily in January, come in kind of for that time period.
Ed Breen: Vincent, only twice in my like, I think, 26 years now doing this, has this happened. So, it's a very rare event. I mean it was obviously -- look, you know the semi stores, just they overshot so much on inventory. But a lot of this was COVID-driven, the craziness of the supply chain. It's just not something that would normally happen. It really is kind of one of those once in opportunities or dislocations let me say it that way. And by the way, interestingly, it goes down rapidly in a short cycle and can go up rapidly. It happened -- by the way, the little bit of '08, '09 was destocking. It was mostly a true recession where demand was down, but I'd say about a third of that then turned into destocking because of the situation. And so, it got worse quicker than people were expecting, but that recovered also fairly quick. So, I don't -- I just don't see something like this happening again. And we are almost, as I said, almost all the short-cycle business so we really saw it across a lot of the portfolio in normal times, you're just not going to overshoot.
Ed Breen: I mean, semi will overshoot once in a while, but not to the extent of what we saw here the severity of it.
Ed Breen: Yeah. Arun, just turning to the electronics side, I don't think we're being overly aggressive. We've talked to our large customers when you look at the fab utilizations, we're basically going from the low 70%s we said to the low 80%s. In really good times, they run in the 90%s. So, we probably still have more upside that would kick in, in that part of the business even going into 2025. It's not all -- we're not assuming it all snaps back in 2024 to where it had been running.
Ed Breen: No. I totally feel, in normal times, it will be more consistent portfolio. An unusual time here with the destock and the inventory build from COVID and all short cycle, but now these are good secular businesses. We've got good market position. So, we feel good about where we're at. Just got to get through this period and start lifting.
Ed Breen: No, Steve. And by the way, we're tracking -- because of [indiscernible], we're tracking way closer with our distributors. The good news is our distributors in China, there's a handful of really big ones. So, if we can get our arms around that -- we've asked the competitive issue, and we're very close to them. I don't see any issues there at all.
Ed Breen: Yeah, I would give you two and you just said the one. The lithium opportunity could be substantial for us because that needs a ton of filtration as you guys know. And the other, I would just say big trend out there that we've already talked to, but has a real good opportunity for us because it's in our sweet spot is the whole AI thing. I would say they would be the two big ones.
Ed Breen: And maybe just to add one for the longer term, and again, stabilized times, half this portfolio should outgrow GDP and the other half should grow with GDP, just to give you a feel, and that would be the magnitude. One of the things, as I mentioned a minute ago, still has to come back even more in 2025 is the semi industry and the utilization rates still decline from where we would exit '24.
