Ellen Kullman: Great, thank you Nick. I’d like to reinforce what Nick just said. When we met with investors last November, each one of our reporting units outlined its business mission, priorities and growth targets through 2012. Our plan is working. Result so far reinforced our confidence that we can meet or exceed our 2012 goals.  $1.24, first quarter earnings per share was not the product of this quarter alone. It’s the result of the last six quarters worth of efforts in terms of restructuring, fixed and variable cost productivity, working capital productivity, and most importantly, staying close to our customers and markets. We’ve effectively can reposition the company for the recovery that’s underway right now.  As for Ag business you can expect continued growth and margin expansion. We remain committed to deliver 15% segment earnings growth, compounded annually through 2013. Of course, half of our sales for this segment are in seeds, where we see the biggest growth opportunity.  The Pioneer North American Leadership team has successfully implemented its reinvestment strategy, building a sales and agronomy force, numbering more than 4,000 strong, complemented by an industry leading of portfolio products. We have a track record of growth in international seed as well, and continue to building on that position.  We have a strong R&D pipeline, and are committed to pricing for value, supported by growers who have benefited greatly from our product innovations, tailored to their needs and local conditions. In the end the strategy has delivered volume and price gains, which resulted in strong earnings growth, and will continue to do so.  Please turn to slide 13. In summary, we remain focused on execution. Our priorities are outlined on this slide in the form of directives, which are broadly shared with employees. We have a high degree of confidence in our playbook and in the leaders of our 13 business units, who are accountable for delivering the results.  The first directive is superior revenue growth. Our 2010 target is more than 10% increase versus 2009. An important foundation for our growth continues to be market driven science. In the first quarter we introduced 502 new products, which compares to 501 in 2009. This is an outstanding start to the year, considering that last year we set a record for new product launches in a single year.  Another measure of innovation productivity is the percentage of sales from new products. Our target in 2010 is 30% sales for products that have been launched within the past four years. Recognize that this is a change from our traditional metric, where we used to define products as having been launched within the past five years.  The intention behind the newly defined metric is to push for faster, broader product launches, a maximum value and return to both our customers and our shareholders. At the same time, we’ve been honing our product launch processes to make them more disciplined and more market focused.  Productivity remains a corner stone of our playbook, and as Nick said, we’re on track verses productivity goals; and finial, our improved outlook in earnings translates to an improved outlook for cash, and we expect more that $1.7 billion in free cash flow in 2010.  While the first quarter recovery looks healthy, we realize there could still be a number of market scenarios that play out for the remainder of the year. Recognizing this, our business leaders have alternate business plans, and a number of tactical earnings levers that they will adjust to changing market conditions, both positive and negative, and we will deliver strong results.  We will continue to focus on executing the three-year playbook outlined last November, and will do it one quarter at a time, working towards our 2012 goals with discipline and agility. At the same time we’re laying groundwork for additional growth beyond 2012, capitalizing on the mega trends that form the backbone of today’s plan.  We have a terminuses opportunity for investors to view first hand the progress for making in one of those growth areas. In two weeks, on May 11 we are hosting an event in Knoxville, Tennessee, which will be entirely focused on our applied biosciences platform. I hope that you will join me for the day. We are meeting in location in Tennessee, so we can showcase two important facilities.  : Karen, I think we are ready to open the line for questions. 
Ellen Kullman: Well, we had a tremendous first quarter, and the growth there has been largely driven from photovoltaics. We are not seeing restocking in the first quarter, so you are not going to have that in the second quarter. So I think sales we see as remaining strong, but by and large on a sequential basis we’ll be pretty flat. Its not going to be kind of any diminution, it’s going to be continued strength in the electronics market, really drive off photovoltaics. This year we see probably about 50% increase in our revenue from PV Frank Mitsch – BB&T Capital Markets:   All right, so I guess the way to think about it is that the first quarter saw some restocking as well as pick-up in demand, whereas in the second quarter you are going to see that underlying demand pick up without the kicker of restocking. 
Ellen Kullman: Sure, thanks David. The EPA has not announced their decision. We haven’t seen the registration. We do expect it with the next week. The discussions have been very consistent and positive, supporting both refuge in a back, and refuge reduction. So it’s a convenience factors in there as well.  Now if I were to get and anticipate based off the discussions, I’d call it at a 90/10 product. Those products yield very, very well versus their conventional counterparts. So we are going to have it out, and demonstration plots, probably around 2600 plots this year, so that farmers can really understand the yield and the capability of this product. So we are very excited about it. 
Ellen Kullman: Well, this year is pretty much played our. Have the seed is in the ground in corn, and farmers have pretty much made there decision. So we see that this year is going to continue to progress the way it has. We have to predict 2011 will bring, because that basically that basically has stilled of what happens in 2010.  So we are sticking to our playbook; right product, right acre, the penetration adding, we expect to see one to two points in share gain globally, and we think that based on what we’ve seen so far in the year, we are still confident about that. 
Ellen Kullman: I think that we’re not going to predict that at this point. Our goal this year is to really allow thousands of farmers to see the yield and the productivity that AcreMax 1 provides, and I think that is really going to build the excitement around what we can do in 2011. Thanks P.J.
Ellen Kullman: When we get the registration from the EPA, which we expect in a week, our expectations or discussions with them indicate that the 90/10 is probable; at least in the way I’m calling it now. So that’s the product we will getting out in the bag, into the market place, and get those demonstration plots in this year. So that’s going to provide us with the opportunity to show the real value to the growers, not only its yield, but its convenience that will be used to greatly support our 2011 commercial launch.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, one quarter we were very excited about what we have been able to deliver in the quarter, both from a volume and from a productivity side, but I think we need to see a little more play up this year before we adjust the targets that we put out in November of 2009. We will probably be getting together with you guys in the fourth quarter like we do every year, and at that point I think it would be very appropriate for us to give you our thinking then.
Ellen Kullman: If we take a look at facing protection they were laid in, they were late coming out, albeit we are still seeing improvement sequentially quarter-by-quarter. In 2012, we put targets in the low 20s for their margin. I see that no reason to come off of those estimates.  You know military, which is about 10% of the revenue is lumpy. It comes and it doesn’t come depending on a lot of different factors. So when we integrate that all together, plus construction is going to be stronger this year than last year, but certainly I would not call it anywhere near robust.  So we are confident in our products, and in the new products that we have introduced in the last year to continue to aid us in penetration of those markets globally, and I think that as we say, the focus is on getting back to those margins in the 2012 timeframe.
Ellen Kullman: I think that we are anticipating a little bit of a headwind for currency in the second half of the year.
Ellen Kullman: Okay, so that brings us to a wrap. Thank you everybody for joining us this morning and we are anxious to answer your questions that you have in follow up.
Nick Fanandakis: Let me handle that one. As you know, we are now saying that Pharma is going to be about $360 million to $400 million impact for the full year, and we saw $221 of that in the first quarter. So the reminder will be split evenly over each of the remaining quarters. So a third in each of the remaining quarters is our expectation. As you know, Pharma was down about $0.02 year-over-year in earnings per share in the first quarter.  Now for the full year, we had about $1 billion in prior year, and as I say, we are expecting about $360 million to$ 400 million this year. So you can see the impact is about that $600 million for the full year. Then as you go forward into 2011, you can take the number that I’m talking about now and you can go by about half, and then in 2012 by about half again.
Nick Fanandakis: P.J. let me address that. Thanks for your question. When you look at our M&A strategy, really it remains very consistent. From an acquisition standpoint, when we look at the opportunity for acquiring potential businesses, we stay along the lines of -- an acquisition would be for some thing really of providing significant strategic value, either technology, a value chain, etc., it’s not for just bulking up.  On the divestiture side, which is really I think the harder your question, we put a lot of effort, time, and money into restructuring these businesses, and we really believe that right now is the time where we can extract a lot of that value as we move forward. I would really not want to give up on that opportunity and that value that we can create now with those businesses.  So I really believe that from this point, from my advantage point, looking at those, we create the greatest shareholder value by continuing to run those businesses and take advantage of the leverage that we have created.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes Don, let me try and answer that one. Certainly we have had a great first quarter, and we are at a rate that’s far greater than the 10% sales growth that we talk about.  When you look at quarter two, we have very good visibility towards quarter two, and we are expecting as we mentioned, continued strength in the second quarter. Beyond that, the third and fourth quarter, it’s not as clear obviously, as to the top-line growth and what we are going to see within the market conditions.  We don’t anticipate any major softening. We have some very good bellwether businesses within the corporation, like our TR2 business, and it’s operating very strong. Not only is our business operating strong, but the whole industry is. So we are anticipating a continued strong economy, but the visibility beyond the first half is a bit hazier. So at this point in time, I would stay with our greater than 10% top-line growth in the year.
Nick Fanandakis: Well, certainly it’s a combination. I mean, we instituted pricing per value for some time now, and we have that discipline institutionalized through all of our businesses, so we really do take advantage of that and make sure we get the value for the innovation that we bring in to the market place, so there is certainly that component of it. Then there are businesses that are very tight right now. If you look at our TiO2 business, very tightened capacity, our polymers business, our refrigerants, all those have a very high [Inaudible] right now.
Nick Fanandakis: Paul, thanks for your question, this is Nick. When you look at that business and the slight drop in margin that you saw in the quarter, its really due to mix that you said, the refinished versus the OEM mix, and its also due to some of the raw material increases that they started to experience already in the quarter around monomers and solvents of that nature. So they are starting to see some of that compression occur in the first quarter year.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, thanks. On the pension, let me just refresh everyone’s memory. The $400 million that we are taking to earnings this year in the way of pension is not a cash impact item, it’s just an earnings impact item.  For cash impact or cash contributions this year to the pension plan, our preliminary estimates when we look at the funding requirements needed by the pension protection act of the 96% level, we believe we will be meeting that level without having to make any cash contributions within the US plan. Outside of the US plan, we still have about $300 million of cash contributions to those plans. 
Nick Fanandakis: Sure. We have a dividend policy, which is fairly well articulated, and known. We return our excess cash to our shareholders, unless we have a compelling investment opportunity. Our dividend issuance, we have a range in about 25% to 45% of our cash flow from operations. We would like to stay within that range. Ultimately, obviously the dividend policy is a board decision.  Outside of dividends, we look at the growth opportunities that we have within the corporation and you look at the opportunities that we spent some of our fixed cost on, our cash and capital dollars on this year, this quarter. It’s reflective of the tremendous growth opportunities we have, so I believe the cash will be put to tremendous use.
