Ellen Kullman: Yeah. So Don, good to hear from you. First of all, there is no decision that's been made yet on the portfolio changes. We're considering strategic alternatives on performance chemicals because of the reasons that I stated in my talk earlier. It has to do with the cyclicality, the volatility and low growth. And we've gotten to a place where we've determined that the science really can't help make a difference and truly differentiate those businesses except for things like costs and productivity and areas like that. So we need to make sure what's the right future of that business is. Is it inside the company and really drive that set of businesses or is there another option that creates greater value for our shareholders. And when you think about your provocation about an Ag pure play, it gets back to the integrated science. As we've developed biotechnology and you look at how it's transformed industry, you look at how it's transformed Ag. It's transforming animal nutrition and human nutrition. It's transforming the materials businesses. And the power of the science is fundamental. It crosses all those boundaries. We have phenomenal value chain capability that we can utilize to advance that science and be very successful down those roots, whether it's an automotive polymer, whether it's an advanced material in many different areas. And so I think power that we can generate from driving that science across those value chains creates a much stronger return for our shareholders.
Ellen Kullman: Thanks for the question. So if you look at the segment in the quarter, the primary reason for the earnings being down, half of it is a year-over-year increase in GUAR, which is a raw material and it impacted the second quarter greatly and it's flattening out for the rest of this year. So it's not going to have that large an impact over the remainder of the year. The remainder is really split into three areas. First, there has been some market anomalies in the enablers area. If you think about the cold start to the season, not many people were buying frozen desserts. And so from a volume standpoint our enablers business didn't see what we thought it should see. Second, as we've harmonized our systems and our processes between Danisco and DuPont coming through the last stages of integration, there has been costs there and a number of those hit in the second quarter. And third, we just opened a probiotic plant in China. We're making growth investments there to catch up on the investment and to really take advantage of the opportunities that we see there. And so it is a bad quarter for the business. We can tell you exactly where it is. I’m very confident in the future there in the signs that I see, and the new products that I see coming down the pipe. And so I think that this is just -- that’s part of the process to continue to create the business in the future.
Ellen Kullman: I think Nick will miss, or Carl will miss -- talking in the meeting about that. So we’ll have to talk about that.
Ellen Kullman: Well, let’s start with where we are today which would be '13 and I feel really good about the season and our 11% sales growth. I think the North American season wasn’t quite as strong as we have thought coming into it because of the wet weather at the end. And we have a lot of costs come in from change outs in our area of the maturities. We had to go to shorter maturities as it got colder and some moved to story and things like that. But clearly grew corn seed volume in North America in the '13 season. Now we’re coming into safrinha, summer season is safrinha season. We see more of the summer movement to soy so that means a really strong fourth quarter impact from the Brazil Sophronia season with the input cost coming down. And we do think that that's positive for the 2014 season. But it's always hard to predict the '13 season exactly what's going to come out in much less the '14. We need to see where the harvest results come in and the adoption rates of new technology and new genetics. I'm very excited about but everything we see going into 2014 as another strong year.
Ellen Kullman: I think you can see from where the margins have gone in that segment over the last two quarters versus last year. I think you can see the impact that maybe one point of margin.
Ellen Kullman: Yeah, I think as we look at our strategic alternatives, we're going to look at this very holistically and depending on what the alternative is it will have different impacts, different aspects of our company, whether it's debt, dividend or cash, or pension, share count, taxes. There is a lot of things we'll have to take into account. So until we know and have come to conclusion on the (inaudible), then we can get into the discussion on all that.
Ellen Kullman: So let me clarify one thing around the dividend. The question was, if we were to do some sort of transaction with the performance chemicals segment what would be impact on the dividend, and the answer is, it depends on what the transaction is. We've been very clear about our dividend policy as a company and continue to maintain that. Performance chemicals is going through a cycle and their margins are approaching a cyclical low. What we said, over the cycle we will average about 18% to 20% over this cycle. And so right now I think 15% margins, just about that, for this quarter. So you can see where that is and you saw a couple of years ago where their margin was. So that margin does go up and down. On average, we said a strong business for the company. But it's cyclical, it's volatile and has slow growth.
Ellen Kullman: . No, I think that there is a potential there. I think it's -- where we've seen it very clearly is in the polymers area and it's a continue. What we're seeing with enzymes is really quite fascinating in terms of its ability to really convert sugars into higher value order things like monomers which play equally well into areas in Safety and Protection as well as Electronics. So it's more expensive than performance materials, but I think performance materials is where you're going see it first. But there absolutely is tremendous opportunity there for utilizing this technology. And both Electronics and Safety and Protection have tremendous ability to incorporate differentiated signs to advance that.
Ellen Kullman: So it’s an interesting provocation and it's one as we look at the strategic alternatives -- we tend to look at how innovation science has really contributed to these businesses, if you take a look at our Fluoro enterprise, our industrial chemicals and TiO2. And TiO2, it's true. It’s really been around manufacturing process technology. So it's enabled that business even under tremendous competitive dynamics that occur in that industry to remain its return from the investments that we bring to it. So we do generate cash from that. So we have to understand is that something you can wring sense and really operate these businesses to their markets differentially to the rest of company? Is there another option that really creates greater value for our shareholders? So I think that's part of the whole process we're going under. But I think we have realized over -- as we've been studying this for the last five or six months and working with our board on it, there is not a lot science can do to get the growth rates in those businesses up above a GDP rate. And there is nothing science that we can see do to arrest the volatility or the cyclicality of those businesses. So I think those are impacts we have to really consider on the company and how it's best to play that out in the future.
Ellen Kullman: I think it's early to really declare on soy, at least from the North American season. But in Latin America I think that's we've got small share there. I don't know, it's about 10% and we continue to make progress but it’s off much smaller based on our corn share.
Ellen Kullman: No. Actually we've given this a lot of thought as we look at our portfolio. When you really think about our strategic priorities, extending leadership in Ag and the food value chain and strengthening and growing advanced materials and industrial biosciences and we have a leadership position from a science standpoint there. What we've seen very clearly is the application of biotechnology into the monomer area, which then drives a lot of different sciences and polymers is a natural extension. We've seen it in Sorona. Our Sorona business was the first product material. It didn't exist before that material business. And we've really seen the power of advancing and using enzymes and microbial pathway engineering to create very differentiated science that enables new growth crop.  And we just see that in the polymers area, our access to those value chains. Things that like automotive and things in the industrial area. I mean we're finding there is a tremendous interest in renewable in that segment. I mean so our polymers, [engineered] polymers business is about $4 billion today. What we really see, is over half of that can convert over to renewable in the coming years. It's there is just tremendous interest. And so the question is, how can the science really address that. And in the conversations we're having through the innovation centers with our customers in China, in Turkey, in Russia, in Brazil, in India are just -- I mean it's really come through to me, the power of that integrated science and how the marrying of those value chains with the breadth of our science can create a great future for our company.
Ellen Kullman: So the cycle. It's essentially what we talked about at the Investor Day and even in our first quarter results, it's playing out just as we see. We have two consecutive quarters of year-over-year and sequential volume growth. Volumes are up 12% year-over-year and 18% sequentially and so we're seeing improvement of operating earnings sequentially. So we see it bottoming. So why? So customer inventories are returning to a more normalized level. I mean we've seen published reports and they indicate that producer inventory during a 60-65 day range and slightly above normal, right. Which would be somewhere between 50 and 60. So we see that, as we discussed, it's bottoming and then we'll see sequential improvement. So that we think that cycle is playing out as we've studied it and looked at it, as we've discussed in the past. So on the second part is, we've haven’t made any decisions to specifically do anything with any asset. We decided to go public with the strategic alternatives that we're in the process of considering because we have to engage both externally and internally with our people on the future, and it's hard to do that with under our corporate documents or whatever. So we really needed -- we are at the point in that analysis where the engagements that we're doing and the questions that are starting to come up externally, we thought that being transparent there would be best, and that we'll keep you informed as time goes on about where those alternatives are pointing to.
Ellen Kullman: Yes. We haven't pegged a timing. We are obviously very actively involved in it now with our board and we will be back to you when we just have the answers.
Ellen Kullman: For polymers, their volumes were pretty good but their prices are down and some of those end segments are going through their own cycle. Floor chemicals, their volumes were down, based on the government opened up a little more R22 capability and so that impacted that business. And so I think they are not going through as significant a cycle as our TiO2 businesses. But they have, if you look for the whole segment, volumes were about flat. And that's indicative of the lower growth that emanates from that cycle. But each one, whether it's Fluoro chemicals, Fluoro polymers, industrial chemicals, TiO2, they have very specific cycles that they go through.
Ellen Kullman: So performance chemicals is the big one. The other one that may have not -- you might not have noticed is the metals pricing in our electronics and communications. Silver price is down. So our price is down. That’s a direct pass through to the customers. So it doesn't have much of an earnings from that standpoint. So those two are predominantly where prices -- if you look at Ag, we had strong price progression in Ag-based on strong products there. But those are the two that are really the most impactful.
Ellen Kullman: So actually they're not in the offices of CEO. They are at the next level down from an execution standpoint. So they're going to each have three businesses to really drive the integrated science and execution. So I look at this very much as a divide and conquer. We’ve got a lot of opportunity in this company. Tom needs to focus on return on research and development and operating excellence. Mark is focused on making sure this performance chemical strategic alternative comes out in the right place. Jim is focused on Agriculture and Nutrition & Health. And we’ve got a lot of opportunity to continue the improvement in safety and protection which Matt is going to look at and the integration of the science across that. So I think this is a natural extension of really driving our strategy, number one. And number two, upping our game on execution which I think is a very strong point.
Ellen Kullman: Well, at least in the last couple of quarters, it would be a little shorter. But I guess tend to split the color commentary back in for Carl –
Ellen Kullman: So as you know TiO2 has a very strong season that is in the second quarter, right. So if TiO2 is going to have a season, it is going to be in the second quarter and that's what you see. So you've seen a season, both from a sequential standpoint and from a year-over-year standpoint. If I look at the third quarter, I think the third quarter year-over-year is going to be up 10% and sequentially it's going to be 1%, 2%, up sequentially. But we're seeing it in the places where you would consider there to be real need. So in U.S. we're seeing a stronger housing environment and in China where we're seeing kind of the same thing. So that is creating what we're considering that bottoming and the stability. And from a price standpoint that's a market dynamic we don't talk quite. We'll see what happens if that goes forward. But I think that where we see the volumes I think that's given us the confidence to kind of predict what we are looking at for the second half of the year.
Nick Fanandakis: Yeah. This is Nick. I wouldn't say we had issues. We continue to look at loading up the facility. Housing is up 28%, certainly that impacts tieback increases. Military is up in the second quarter. We continue to drive productivity in that business. Our volume is actually up sequentially 6% quarter-over-quarter in that. Margins are up sequentially. If you look at the margins from the fourth quarter through the second, you'll see continued progression in the margin. So we're continuing to make great progress in that area, continuing to look at finding outlets for all the material within the whole circuit.
Nick Fanandakis: Yeah. This is Nick. Those again are all decisions that have to be contemplated as we continue down the path of understanding what our options are and which strategic option makes the most sense and creates the greatest shareholder value. I can assure you that all of these things are being considered but it's way too premature to be talking about anything in that level of detail.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, as you look at the PV market, the installs, we're talking about 10% sort of increase year-over-year from an installation standpoint. Then you got to figure how that backs into the material side of it. Like I said earlier, when you look at our increases of our material components on a sequential basis in that, we're seeing things start to pick up, Frank. So we're seeing some of that traction occur and we believe we'll continue to see that in quarters three and four.
