Ed Breen: Yes. So on ICS, as Lori just mentioned, Scott, that started its downturn actually middle of 2022. So that’s been going through a downturn. It’s obviously lower demand. And a lot of that lower demand, by the way, is China related lower demand because of COVID and lockdowns and all that. And so we have talked to our 10 largest PCP customers mainly in China, and it looks like they are going to begin their ramp in the second quarter. We’re thinking more in the middle of the second quarter. And maybe to give you a couple of numbers behind it, their PCB fabs usually run in the high 70% utilization rate. They have been – they are all a little bit different, but they have been running kind of between 40% and 60% and they expect the second half of the second quarter to be kind of up to 60% to 65% and then ramp up from there. So that’s what we’re getting granularly on the ground. And of course, smartphones are supposed to pick up in 2023 from last year. And remember, the smartphones in China were down 20% last year. So it was just a big down. I mean nobody – none of the consumers were shopping. So I think just China coming back on its own from kind of this artificial COVID thing alone is going to help with demand. And remember, we’re high on electronics in that market in general. So I think we will see a boost there. And then if we’re right with our customers on the PCB side, we will start seeing that in the middle of the second quarter. And then on the semi side, I think that’s pretty public knowledge. But those fabs were all running high, kind of 95%. They are now running in the low 80s. Now remember, a lot of that is destocking going on. Most of the chip guys are saying the biggest down quarter is the first quarter. We think it’s the first and second quarter. So in our planning, as Lori mentioned, that’s what we planned that we start seeing our ramp towards the end of the second quarter. And if you look at the MSI data, it’s kind of minus 10 and then minus 12 versus the second quarter, and then it improves and gets actually positive in the fourth quarter. And then, of course, we will – our demand will happen slightly before that MSI number. So I think we – the way we laid it out, we’re sequencing it properly. And by the way, maybe just to give you the rest of the landscape the way we put ‘23 together. We plan that the construction markets will be down all of 2023. And then pretty much every other business, we have all the industrial businesses will be stable in 2023 and the water business will grow mid to high single digits. So that’s kind of a lay of the land of how we put it together.
Ed Breen: I mean, Steve, it would be more a global recession scenario. So we’re just bracketing it. But I would point you to the midpoint of our guidance is we’re obviously trying to zero in at.
Ed Breen: Yes, Steve. So I had a contract in place, I think it was a 3-year contract that ends at the end of this calendar year. And a question I get pretty frequently from investors is that your retirement date because that’s when your contract expires. So the Board and I wanted to take that off the table. I’m going to continue employment after the end of the year. And I don’t need a contract anymore because some of the stipulations were back in from the DowDuPont days. And so I’m just an at-will employee, but excited to continue after the end of the year.
Ed Breen: Yes. So we haven’t seen any positive impact yet in our numbers, but I would expect on the logistics and freight side, maybe we will start to see something towards the end of the second quarter there. We’ve baked very little into our 2023 business plan for any benefit from price cost A. little bit is in the second half of the year. But not much when we start to see it, we will highlight it obviously and look at our forecast again. But I mean, obviously, it looks like some of these roles are going to start to come down here and again, see some benefit from the extreme freight rates in the middle of last year. But again, we’ve baked very little of that in so far.
Ed Breen: We did start to bring inventory down in the fourth quarter. So we’re going to start hopefully trending here. Now the supply chains are kind of moving back to sort of normal.
Ed Breen: Yes. And on the Shelter side, remember, there is seasonality in that business. So the first quarter is usually the lowest that we’ve planned kind of a recession scenario for construction throughout the whole year, but then you will get some seasonality lift as you’re in the middle of the year, just naturally off of a tougher bottom, but.
Ed Breen: Yes. So we’ve done all the clean room work that’s all set. We’ve been doing some education on the business externally. If I had to kind of guess at this point, I think we’re going to launch more formally at the end of this quarter that we’re now in. We think the markets are better than they were in the fourth quarter. There is probably strategic and private equity interest. So that’s why we are being careful on the timing. And so my gut is we will launch around them. And the business looks like it’s having a pretty decent first quarter as we can see it right now. So I think that the timing might be good there. And we should be able to wrap up a deal fairly quickly in that business. So it’s not that complicated. So that’s why we made the comment that we should be able to close that, obviously, in 2023.
Ed Breen: You’ll get some lift in the second quarter, and I would say, predominantly because of China coming back kind of online, if I should say it that way. So I would model – we’ve given you the first quarter. I would model some sequential improvement, but the bulk of it would be the third and fourth quarter. And again, it lays out. We think the middle of the second quarter, the ICS business start, the fab start ramping up. So most of that benefit, you’ll see third and fourth quarter, a little bit in the second quarter. And then we don’t – we’re not planning on semi picking up until the third quarter. Maybe it will happen in the middle of the second quarter, but somewhere in that ZIP code. And so you get a little bit of China uplift, maybe a little on ICS. But again, planning mostly third quarter for that. Maybe a little in semi. But again, planning more third quarter for that. So I think you can kind of build that out. to get to kind of maybe our midpoint that we’ve guided to for the year.
Ed Breen: Yes. We are looking at a couple of things we have been interested in. Of my – my gut is we will do a bolt-on acquisition this year, but that’s not a given. We are in no rush. We want to get it at the right price. So, we will see. But we are definitely looking and zero in on a couple of things. But I will put them more on the bolt-on size, from a spend category, and it would clearly be in one of our growth pillars where we have the expertise. And what we really want to do is pick up innovation and R&D and technologies in core areas to build out a couple of the platforms.
Ed Breen: Yes. I mean – and let’s keep in mind that when the semi thing picks up for the second half of the year on the next decade looks pretty incredible for the semi business. You see all the announcements on the fabs. Almost all of these fabs are the denser small or high end chips. And that’s why we, as Lori just mentioned, we get the 200 basis point to 300 basis point overgrowth from the market is because we get to participate more and more on the advanced node side. So, the – we are going to have a couple of soft quarters here, but the outlook over the next decade is pretty incredible in this space. So, we stay very much up on the R&D, and we are very close to the top semiconductor customers doing design and work with them.
Ed Breen: Josh, as a reminder, Page 16 of our slide deck has some additional modeling guidance, including share count, but don’t miss the fact that we took quite a few shares out in the fourth quarter associated with the ASR that was enacted in mid-November. So, you may have been missing that effect in the fourth quarter and then the guide for ‘23 on the year-over-year.
Ed Breen: Yes. The Board is well aware of internal candidates being developed and continuing to go through their career. So, we – the Board is clearly aware of who internally is an option for the next CEO role. But we are also not at that point, but we do discuss it regularly in the development plans for the internal candidates. So, I will just leave it at that.
Ed Breen: Yes, it’s 50 – John, the reason we didn’t – I know we mentioned it last quarter, but it’s about $50 million to $60 million of revenue. So, it’s not that significant, though. But we did bake that obviously into our forecasting that we did. And so whether you can take that as – you can extract that down to EBITDA, it’s not that big in the scheme of things. But that’s definitely in place, yes.
Ed Breen: Yes. John, it’s scheduled in June of this year. And we have ongoing conversations for a settlement. By the way, I think having a – the judge appointed a mediator, I think that was around the time we did last earnings call, if I remember. And I would say that’s very helpful to the process. So, I will leave it there.
Ed Breen: Yes. And you get, sorry Chris, you do get a nice lift in margins and it benefits from mix in part. I mean as E&I comes back, remember, you have got a nice margin lift. So, you are kind of in the mid-24s on a margin in the first half and then you are up in the low to mid-25s in the second half, again benefiting from that mix and the timing of that E&I rebound from first half to second half. So, you end up averaging. The overall margins for the year end up being relatively flat, but there is a nice lift on a run rate basis when you are in the second half there.
Ed Breen: Yes. It’s just the planning at this point. And by the way, not to get overly optimistic, I heard a couple of homebuilders during this last quarter, actually reported numbers that were kind of nicely better than were expected with decent backlog, actually. So, I think it’s mixed out there. I think certain regions of the country, if you look at the detail, are doing better, in construction, some of the Southeast and Southwest areas. But having said that, again, we are also in a deleveraging mode here right now. And remember, some of our construction materials go into big box for do-it-yourself stuff and there is clearly destocking going on there. So, that part of it will end. But we have just planned look with interest rates where they are at the macro on the shelter business right now, just assume the whole year stays at about the level it’s at. And Lori mentioned the percentages. So, I think it’s just prudent planning on our part.
Ed Breen: Well, let me just give you, overall, our new products are – that have been launched in the last few years or like 30% of our sales. So, we track that very, very closely. We are constantly bringing out new versions, I would say, of our technology all the time. And that’s what keeps us ahead of the pack on, for instance, the advanced nodes in semi. And as – so it’s constantly happened. But I wouldn’t say that it’s not going to have a material effect on where our revenue ends up. That’s just a month-by-month that happens.
Ed Breen: And that, again, that low mid-single digits for MSI is very negative in the first quarter and build during the year, and it gets positive in the back half of the year, which we believe that also having talked to our semi customers.
Ed Breen: I think – is a big part of how that plays out because of water [ph] in Europe is fairly significant.
Lori Koch: Yes. If I can just add to, we referenced the market research inventory index for semi to get an understanding of what inventory exists in the channel. And right now, usually, it says it kind of goes into surplus mode when the inventory index is above 1.2. We’re looking to be in that – butting up against the 1.2 as we close the first quarter. And the second quarter to our earlier point is the peak where it gets a little bit higher than 1.2, and then it starts to come back down. For reference, back at the last semi downturn in the late 2018, 2019 downstream, it was much higher. So it doesn’t feel like we have the same dynamics going on at what we had back then. But it does feel like there is more in the channel than where we were definitely last year at this time, we were kind of at a below one level with respect to the inventory index.
Lori Koch: Yes. So the low end on both the top and bottom line really assumes not much improvement coming out of Q1. So a little bit mainly driven by seasonality, but not a lot of recovery in the end markets that we had spoke about. So it is more on the pessimistic side. We believe a lot of indicators that we’re seeing and the conversations that we’re having with our customers would suggest that wouldn’t come to fruition, but we wanted to bucket it on the low end just to be cautious.
Lori Koch: Yes. And from a price – carryover price perspective, we do see a little bit in Q1 in the low single-digit range and then it pretty well waned as we lap. The significance of the price increases that we drove happened in Q1 of last year. So you’ll pretty well lap that in the first quarter.
Lori Koch: Yes. Obviously, 2022, as you had mentioned, was noisy with the transaction cost, coupled also with the supply chain environment that caused us to hold more inventory than what we normally would. So we don’t see that repeating. Obviously, on the transaction side from that perspective and the working capital situation should get better. So we should target to be at that 90% conversion range that we target for the full company. So you can use kind of the midpoint of guide that we had provided and a calculated into a number, making sure that you contemplate that roughly $150 million to $200 million in transaction costs that are primarily associated with some straggling carryover from the M&M separation and then the Delrin Divestiture.
Lori Koch: Yes. From an organic basis, we will continue to see strength within water. So we had really nice performance in the water segment in general in 2022 with organic sales up kind of high single digits, and we would expect a similar performance this year. The one end market that will be weak for us, as Ed had mentioned, is Shelter. So in the first quarter, we do see Shelter down kind of in the mid-teens, that will moderate as you go – as you go through the year, is down into the mid-single digits potentially on a full year basis. But we don’t see a full recovery in shelter within the 2023 timeframe. And then generally, in safety, those are industrial end markets for the most part, minus maybe a little bit of destocking that’s happening at some of the big distributors that should generally perform in line with industrial production on a full year basis.
Lori Koch: No. I mean, the interaction still remain very robust and they are a key portion of our delivery of top line growth, especially within semi. So, we would still expect that 200 basis points to 300 basis point outperformance versus the end markets and the discussions are still very frequent and common for us to be able to continue to drive that relationship.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, the guide does contemplate starting potentially another ASR when this was one is completed like the beginning of the fourth quarter. So, our guidance that we provided for EPS has a reduction in the full year versus the first quarter outlook, and that reflects getting started on that second tranche of $2 billion that we have remaining on the authorization. But we also have the ability to still purchase over the top on the existing ASR should we feel it prudent. So, we have some volume that we can purchase as needed while the current ASR is open. Generally, you try to keep your volume under 15% of daily purchases, so that you don’t work against yourself and our current contracts on the ASR allow us to do a little bit over the top.
Lori Koch: Yes. And that’s on that Ed said on the direct Huawei exposure, there is really not much there. So, we don’t have exposure there.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, you are pretty well spot on the second half EPS trajectory, and it really is all impingent upon the pace of the recovery in the end markets that we highlighted. So, seeing the semi destock and the demand return, seeing the smartphone and consumer electronics destock stop and the demand return. And then obviously, the continued China reopening will have a positive impact on our business. So, that impacted us in December and it will impact us on Q1 as they continue their reopening. But remember, we have got 20% of our sales into China. So, a nice opportunity as they continue to recover from the full COVID lockdown. So, it’s really that the shift between the first half and the second half is really all from the top line and expected to recover…
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean I think it’s a little early to start looking at ‘24. Obviously, this should – we have got nice EPS growth from the capital allocation decisions that we have made, and we will see that carry into 2024 as well because the second piece of the existing authorization really won’t be put in place until the fourth quarter. So, you won’t get the full benefit on a full year basis from that. But yes, in a normal environment, we should drive really nice top and bottom line growth. We have got end markets that would suggest in total, you would be in that mid-single digit range on the top line if they perform in a normal macro perspective. And then I think we have proven that we do a really nice job of driving margin improvement and leverage across the P&L. So, we wouldn’t see any material change there from that dynamic.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, for the Shelter segment, it’s about 13% of sales. And we had mentioned on a full year basis, we would expect that to be down mid-single digits. And we have sized the EBITDA margin profile of shelter as below the W&P segment average. So, I think we have given you several data points there that you can back into what we believe the EBITDA headwind will be to W&P and the total company from shelter in 2023.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, we took costs out in the fourth quarter. We opened a restructuring program. And under the restructuring program, we took about a $60 million charge. And a lot of that was to get after the stranded costs that we saw coming out of the completion of the M&M divestiture, and there also were some actions in the business is able to drive productivity. So, we have got further room under the restructuring program if we would need it to be able to continue to drive margin and the decremental margin that we target. As of now, there is really nothing planned or baked into the guide incrementally, but we have the flexibility as we need to.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think I mean back to the outperformance that we highlighted. So, currently the full year MSI expectations are in the down mid-single digit range, obviously vary dramatically by the quarters with the first quarter starting at it, down kind of low-double digits. But our expectations opposite that full year down low-single digit MSI number or down mid-single digit MSI number would be to be down low-single digits. So, we would still expect that outperformance by the innovation engine that we have that allows us to be able to be more exposed to the high-end nodes and continuing to build relationships with those customers.
Lori Koch: Yes. We would expect in the back half of the year, the overall EBITDA margins to be more in that 31%-ish range that we would expect from the E&I perspective. So, they will be a little bit muted in the first half and we would expect a return from the EBITDA margin profile in the second half.
Lori Koch: A little higher, yes, mid-30s, maybe upper-30s incremental margins. They shouldn’t be too different than the – obviously, the gross margin you would see within the E&I segment.
Lori Koch: I mean I think if you see a little bit of deflation that would drive earnings higher, we had mentioned in 2022 and the current expectation for 2023 is, there is about a 100 basis point headwind from net price cost. We haven’t baked any material benefit in from that perspective. So, that would be one tailwind that would help to drive the EBITDA margins higher. And then the other would just come within E&I mix enrichment. So, the quicker recovery in summary, that’s obviously our highest margin segment. So, that would help as well to drive the E&I margins.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean obviously, we can see January is also a little hard to see through given the timing of Lunar New Year. So, this year, it was full in January, last year full in February, so it makes it a little bit different from a year-over-year comp perspective. But the reopening is definitely happening. Right now, I think the benefit of the reopening is more on the essential side. So, spend is more towards those essential needs, and we would need it to obviously tend over to the discretionary needs that we would expect to see as you get further into the first half. But definitely, the lockdown appears to be well behind them and they are returning to some form of normalcy.
Lori Koch: Yes. So, Europe does feel a little bit better as they get the concerns around the access to energy behind them. And obviously, the energy rates or it’s a tailwind for everybody. So, you have seen a really material pullback in the European natural gas rates. And so we are cautiously optimistic on Europe and the continued benefit there. For a full year basis, we are still generally flat for overall volumes in Europe. We will see how that trends as the year plays out.
