Ed Breen: Before we take your questions, I'd like to highlight that we published our annual sustainability report this week, and I'm really proud of the progress we made on our 2030 goals. Our sustainability strategy is grounded in 3 pillars: innovation, protecting people and the planet and empowering employees and customers. I'll just note a few highlights. DuPont is leveraging our innovation focus to help customers meet their sustainability goals. A great example of that is the new formulations within our building installation products that helped increase energy efficiency, as well as new technologies from our Water Solutions business that reduce energy intensity. We're also focusing on renewable energy as part of our integrated climate and energy approach.  Last year, we signed a virtual power purchase agreement that will supply about 25% of DuPont's total electricity starting in 2023. Additionally, Apple just announced that DuPont was selected to join their Supplier Clean Energy Program. which is an example of DuPont working with industry partners to drive sustainability progress at scale. We continue to advance our commitments to DE&I. We are excited about the newest female nominee to our Board of Directors, Christina Johnson. Also the strong gender and ethnic representation of our leadership teams continues despite competitive labor markets. There are many great examples and stories in the report of how our teams are delivering on our purpose and driving sustainability. Overall, our teams have done a tremendous job. With that, we are pleased to take your questions. And let me turn it back to the operator to open the Q&A.
Ed Breen: Ashley, I would just add to Lori's point, the first half to second half ramp, it is our typical seasonality. If you go back and look at last year, it's about a 7% sequential lift first half, second half, and that's typically what we do because of the items that Lori mentioned. So nothing unusual in the pattern there.
Ed Breen: Yes, Scott. The backlog looks great. It's been staying at very elevated levels. We look at it weekly. There's really no end market that's not feeling good -- as you know, auto is down a little just because of auto production, but that's not a demand-driven thing. It's just chip shortages and supply chain issues. But all our end markets from an order pattern standpoint, feel good as of looking at it this week. So no issues there at all. And really, the only issues we're dealing with here, again, it's not demand driven. It's really more centered around supply chain and China and COVID lockdowns for the guide on the second quarter. But if we didn't have those issues, our sales would definitely be higher in the second quarter, but that's what we're dealing with there.
Ed Breen: It seems like we've plateaued, Scott. All the price increases are implemented when the war broke out, we did a whole another round of price increases, mainly because the natural gas lifting is significantly as it did. And by the way, other constraints in there, but that was the big one. So we did a round of increases again, which we had just finished doing. We did it again in every business. And as we said, we caught all the inflation in the quarter by on the roles on logistics and on energy. So we caught everything with $190 million of inflation that we saw. And as Lori just mentioned a minute ago, we think it's plateaued. If it hasn't, we'll do another round of price increases, I feel like we can get it if we have to, but it does appear to have plateaued. So we'll have an incremental $600 million of inflation if things hold where they're at for this year, and we'll have that all covered with price.
Ed Breen: Yes, so Jeff, you I think summarized it well. We're leaning much more towards a decent large, if you could call it, share repurchase with where our multiple's at. I don't think this is where DuPont's model will be sitting in the future. And obviously softness in everyone's stock price just because of recent external events out there.  So we're going to step on the $1 billion share repurchase a little bit quicker as we said in our prepared remarks, by a quarter or 4 months, something like that and get it done early. And I would expect conversations with the Board that we're going to look at a much larger share repurchase program. I don't think we need to wait until the proceeds are necessarily in, but I would like to make sure nothing else crazy is going on in the world.  We do have a $5.2 billion outstanding loan on the Rogers’ piece that will get paid off, so our leverage will be north of 3 and with that -- but when we get the proceeds from M&M, you kind of know the math, we're sitting on lots of billions of dollars here. So -- so yes, you do hear a little bit of shift in tone because of where the multiple's at. The market is a little bit tough right now for everybody. And my gut is we're going to step on it in a bigger way.
Ed Breen: Yes. To give you a specific on what Lori said, in Circleville, Ohio we make our Kapton, which is a high-margin product. We're fully sold out. We get half of a monomer that we need out of China, and we had delayed shipments out of China. So we did have supply of the monomer. So instead of shutting -- running it full tilt and then shutting the facility down, we just eased off the run rate some. We know when we're now getting supply from China. So there's an example. It kind of hits your rates for 1 month, 1.5 months, like that. So it's just these one-offs because of the China lockdowns, which hopefully dissipates as we exit the quarter.
Ed Breen: And then, Jeff, when you look at the full year guide, we beat by $90 million in EBIT in the first quarter kind of from consensus. We're down kind of $60 million in the second quarter off of -- I'll use you guys’ consensus, all because of what Lori just described here. But then we have nothing in the second half that's unusual. It's our normal seasonal ramp. That's 7% that I mentioned. That's what we're counting on, including we'll get some better unit rates from the things we just described to you. So no real big change in order patterns for us that we would typically see.
Ed Breen: Yes. So my gut is as we sit right now, I don't see any deal that we would want to do until we're in this 2023. And I'm not saying I know something is available in 2023, but the way stock prices are moving around right now and all, it just makes it a tougher environment. So I don't see anything happening until we get into 2023. And quite frankly, we don't have anything -- we have things we're -- a couple of things we're interested in, as I said before, but I don't see an actionable anytime in the near future. So that could change, so don't hold me to that. But I can't see anything happening until we're nicely into 2023, if then depending on what's going on.
Ed Breen: Yes, I would say 2 things, Steve. Our portfolio, we feel very good about. And it's a fairly broad portfolio, so we touch most of the water filtration type markets out there, wastewater home, home applications, which are big for us in China, desalination, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. So we feel good about the breadth of what we have in the technology we have behind it, and we continue to bring new products out to market. The one area that we would look at and by that, it doesn't mean it's an acquisition that could be organically done as we need to expand our manufacturing footprint and we need a bigger presence with the manufacturing in the Asia market, which is a very fast-growing market for us. So we've been studying very hard a project there to bring up a facility in the next couple of years in that area. So that's a high priority for us.  And then this kind of goes to the second part of your question there, the one opportunity we have or potentially have and our R&D team and application teams are looking at is digitizing the water business. So we know when replacement components are needed ahead of time, and it's kind of systematized, and that could be a real opportunity for us to kind of satisfy our customers by doing it that way. And that opportunity, we've been studying hard for the last year.
Ed Breen: Yes. Nothing new has changed on the landscape except I'll just say we continue to be in conversations with the plaintiffs down in the MDL. I feel like we will make progress this year on that. By the way, the judge has continued to encourage us, the judge down there in charge of these MDL cases has actually encouraged us and the plaintiffs we talk in and coming up with a settlement. And so I'll just leave it at that for now, but nothing new besides that.
Ed Breen: They have the backlog. A lot of it is in the EV space. We've looked at it. So it's just a matter of, A, getting over the lockdown issue in China and then actually accomplishing the ramp in their production rates. But we think second half of the year, they'll be right around the ZIP code of where we would expect it.
Ed Breen: Yes. So Delrin, by the way, we've been putting the data room together and all that. We're just getting ready to launch on that, and we would expect that Delrin will take about a year, just like the other part of M&M to actually close the deal. So we'll get a deal done in a 4-, 5-month window and then regulatory approvals that will kind of take like a year. So data room is getting finished up. And obviously, we've had inbound phone calls about it, but we haven't really gone into deep engagement, yet. We're just getting ready to do that kind of in the next couple of weeks.
Ed Breen: No, I am not going to do that. We sold 90% of that at 14.1x. So I think what we said more than happened. And I will say Delrin is a very good business. It's a very high EBITDA business, so we're looking forward to a nice sale there.
Ed Breen: I think what would occur is hopefully commodity prices come down and we hold obviously some of the price, because of the products that we have. I would think that’s the more rational way things could play out here. And you're not incorrect. This business can run at like 28% EBITDA margin. So we're certainly not pleased at 26%, but 26%, we don't feel bad about in this environment, but we would certainly strive to be more in that 28% range, and we have been there before. So as Lori said, part of it, you'll just get by.  If you just take all of this price cost out for a second because it's not normal times, we'll get a couple of points of pricing every year with our new product introductions. We don't get paid like you do in electronics and we truly can get incremental net pricing in the business, which will help. But our biggest opportunity as we highlighted in the past, is continue to get capacity released from these bigger assets like Tyvek and Nomex. We got a lot of programs around that. And that will drive the throughput through those facilities which really has an impact on the numbers. So we do think this business should run a couple of hundred basis points higher we can get there. 
Ed Breen: Yes. Rogers will not run around $200 million in the second half of the year. They have -- the demand is there. We know the book, by the way, again, muted pretty significantly by COVID China. And don't forget, it's auto related, a lot of the business. So that's not being as hot as it should even though end market demand is there. But they'll be running at a much more significant rate in the third quarter, assuming again, the COVID stuff is all cleaned up, lockdowns have ended, and we have line of sight where we're allowed to talk about synergy work on the cost side of 115 million. We're highly confident in it on a percentage basis, with the combo of that coming in with our life business, it's not a percent that's on the high end at all.  So like Laird with 60, we now have line of sight detail. I detail the 63 in this one. We have -- we're really racking and stacking where we have a lot of it identified. So we'll get at it really quick. And remember, one of the things that will happen immediately on the Rogers synergies is there's corporate expense of some significance because it's a public company. And that will be cleaned up very, very quickly, and then we'll start on the rest of the synergies. So -- but it will run at a very different rate in the second half of the year.
Ed Breen: Yes, I think that's fair. With synergies, then you got them kicking in, we'll hopefully move fast on that.
Ed Breen: No. I don't at all. There's nothing in the portfolio actually -- 95% of the portfolio is cutting-edge technology. If you haven't had the chance, we did all the [keychins] recently on the electronics business. I think we're in a very strong technology position, and we're constantly innovating. It's a fast-paced innovation in electronics, both we’re innovating literally monthly coming out with new products in the marketplace. We're always on the cutting edge. So I don't see that. I think what you were mentioning was Solamet paste was just more of a commoditized business that was current -- but that's not where the portfolio is headed and certainly not in addition to the acquisitions with Laird and Rogers. They're very key positions we have in great technology plays.
Ed Breen: Yes. No, we've been, as we've mentioned before, we've been talking about settlement with the plaintiffs and mostly, obviously, around the water cases. And as I have mentioned a few minutes ago, the judge has even encouraged both parties to be talking to each other, I think that was made public, I don't know, a month or 6 weeks ago. So hopefully, good progress this year.
Ed Breen: I would just give you one other angle, obviously, we look at very hard. And you sort of, I think, just made this comment. We work very closely with our customers on design wins. By the way, as those Laird and Rogers, it's a very key component of the business. So we can see -- again, we can see the overall demand out 6 months, but we can see where trends are developing, where we're going to have nice lift in business.  So as Lori just mentioned, our adhesives business, we are bidding on and working with design in on a lot of applications in the battery and the auto -- next-generation auto market. And we know where we're getting wins or we're close to getting wins. So that's something we track very, very closely to look at those trends, same within semiconductor, same within the water business. So that's important to us to look at also.
Lori Koch: Thanks, Ashley. Yes, the second half ramp from the first half is really just a reflection of our seasonal volume improvement in the back half within E&I. It's primarily driven by smartphones as we go into the Christmas season and within water, a lot in the construction space as we see a ramp there. So the -- the list on volume is dropping to the bottom line, which is translating to the EBIT improvement and the margin improvement in the second half as we drive leverage through the P&L.  On your question around net price, so we'll expect all year to remain neutral on net price cost that we raised, the midpoint of the guidance for the full year to reflect about another $100 million of raw material escalation on a full year basis. So we're now expecting somewhere in the range of $600 million that will fully offset with price. So that won't change coming out of the first quarter for the rest of the year.
Lori Koch: Yes. In total, there's 2 major pieces that are impacting the 2Q guidance, so -- and they're both related to China. So first is a shift of sales that we had expected to land in 2Q that landed in 1Q, and that was primarily with our customers pulling in on volume because of what was going on in China. We would size that at about $35 million of sales. And then as far as the shutdown that happened, it started to get progressively worse in mid-March, and we're anticipating a mid-May reopening. We estimate that we missed about $20 million worth of sales.  And there's also an impact on our margins with our plants not running at full capacity. So we have -- 2 sites in China that went into full lockdown mode in mid-March. We expect them to be fully reopened by mid-May. And then we had some key raw materials within our electronics business that we source from China that we weren't able to get full supply, so we ran some of our domestic plants at lower unit rates. And so that was impacting our margin profile in the second quarter as well.
Lori Koch: And I think the other piece, Jeff, too, with our guidance for the second quarter, but it's beyond just China and then the production-related effects with Russia that we noted in our slides that we pulled Russia out. On a full year basis, it's about $35 million of EBIT, probably about $80 million of sales, that's impacting primarily 2Q and beyond.
Lori Koch: Yes, I would say as far as demand is concerned in the 3 end markets as you had noted. So we saw strength in residential construction. We expect that to continue to be a point of strength in the second quarter. We did note softness in consumer electronics, but that was primarily in China with respect to the lockdown and also a little bit of an impact of our own viewing of seasonality with respect to when we do our normal smartphone shipments. So we've telegraphed in the past that the first half will be weaker, the second half will be stronger because of a change in seasonal patterns as we sell into the smartphone market. But on a full year basis, we expect that end market to be up mid-single digits.  And then in auto, you've seen the revisions downward with respect to IHS auto builds. I think now it's sitting at 4% on a full year basis. So our estimates would probably be a little bit lighter than that with respect to what we think that the market will do. But the underlying demand remains strong. It's just really a matter of supply chain specifically around the chip constraints that are impacting that. But I think the highlight to you there is we do continue to see very strong growth within the EV space. And so for us, a large portion of that comes from our adhesives business. We saw a really nice growth in our EV-related sales in Q1, and we expect to about double those sales in Q2 in line with where the EV market is going in general. And we really look forward to the incoming business from Rogers to pair with our business to really take advantage of the opportunity there. On the price side, I wouldn't say it materially different across those end markets is what we're seeing with respect to inflation by segment. So within E&I, the inflation is not as material as what it is within W&P, and you see that in price. So we got about 1% in E&I and price and about 10% in W&P. So there is a difference there, but nothing more than just around the raw material inflation related items.
Lori Koch: Yes, so we see very strong demand continuing in electronics. And so we had very strong results in Q1. On a full year basis, we expect to be up pushing double digits within electronics between price and volume, and we'll obviously add to that as we close the Rogers transaction later this year. So we see a lot of strength, we see a lot of opportunity. If you look at -- we do a lot of detailed analysis about our results versus peers and a couple of them have already been out before, and we back up very nicely when you compare like-to-like product lines.  And so we also stack up very nicely when you compare our results versus some of the key benchmarks out there. So for example, MSI is one of the key components of the semi business. People are expecting that to be up 7% to 8%. We've mentioned that we should outperform by 200 to 300 basis points. And if you look at our Q1 results in semi, we were in line with that expectation. So we are very excited about the portfolio. We'll look to continue to see where we can opportunistically broaden and strengthen that portfolio as well.
Lori Koch: Yes, so in the first quarter, they were under the impact of the same things that we were with respect to the China COVID situation. We're really looking forward to the second half when we will own them, and they have a pretty sizable expected ramp as those end markets really open up coming out of the China recovery, and they continue to see a nice growth opportunity within the EV space. And so I think if you look at the second half trajectory, that's being planned by Rogers, it would be more in line with where our expectations were on a full year basis for that portfolio.
Lori Koch: Yes, so that will come out Friday in the Q. So in the Q, we'll deconstruct the discontinued operation summary that we've reported today. I can give you a high level that they were impacted, obviously, by the China COVID situation as well and the auto end markets obviously being the largest factor, but they did continue to do a really nice job of getting priced.
Lori Koch: Yes. So the underlying margin as we look at it, excluding pricing cost, so it’s close to 26% in the quarter as we know it’s on the cost. So starting to get back on the more normalized margin that we would expect for this segment in the upper 20s. So in a normal time to outsize the inflation we would expect to get 1% to 2% of price out of that portfolio that just dropped to the bottom line with respect to semi product innovations and favourable mix. And as we knew, into the more higher margin segment. So we’ll continue to see headwinds on as reported margin as we go out the year just because of price costs and we’ll continue to let you know what that adjustment looks like so you can get to know the underlying margin basis opportunity for the W&P segment. 
Lori Koch: Yeah, that was -- so it was a function of last year, we were producing full on Tyvek garments. And so we were limiting changeovers on the lines, just given that we weren't making other end markets like medical and other types of end market uses for Tyvek. And so as you now go into a more normalized environment, you have more changeovers. So therefore, your production is a little bit less, and that was -- what was driving the impact of the weaker mix within the W&P segment.
Lori Koch: Yes, so there are 3 buckets, as you had mentioned. And so the retained pieces, the margins, I would say, are in the midteens once you get on an upward trajectory as we get outside of the COVID lockdown. So the largest piece of the retained business is the adhesives business, and it did see an impact in the quarter with respect to the China situation. So that's the biggest season. And we will disclose the revenue of the retained businesses in the Q1 Friday when you get back. You'll be able to calculate kind of what the margin profile was for that space.  With respect to normal corporate expenses, those will be on the range of 135 on a full year basis as we have in our supplemental guidance. And so you would expect around 25, 26 million for the quarter. And then the third piece are the net stranded costs, and we continue to be in the range of about a net $50 million on a full year basis, and that's our target to get after as we look to eliminate those going forward.
Lori Koch: Yes. When we do look at that, its to see how our order patterns are. I would on average, we have about 60 days visibility orders that come in, in combination between E&I and W&P. It's a little bit longer in W&P than what it is in E&I, but as we had mentioned earlier in the call, we look at a 20-day order pattern every week, and it has not changed in any significance for the past several months. And so we continue to see very strong underlying demand. Some of our backlog within the water space and within the adhesive space has started to build with the dynamics that we're navigating within the China COVID situation, but overall demand remains very, very strong.
