Howard Ungerleider: It was PJ. I mean, it was a tremendous transaction for both Dow, for Olin and for all of our shareholders, I mean really it was.
Howard Ungerleider: But are you going to write the check for Cespedes? I mean, I think Detroit helped the Mets this season.
Howard Ungerleider: I would say, look, I mean when you think about polyethylene around the world, and I'd point you to the slide and some of the prepared comments. But November price increases are in the market, positive sentiment is building. I think Andrew made some comments in some his interviews earlier this morning about Dow and other producers in Europe closing their order book. So October order books for Dow have been closed for about two weeks and a few other producers as well. So that tells you a couple of things. One, inventory through the chain are low and fundamental underlying demand in Europe is good. We've had really strong demand in Asia. I mean, at a company level, this a company comment, not specific to polyethylene, we had 12% volume growth in China versus same quarter year ago. And our packaging business was north of 20%. So you're seeing demand growth in Asia, you're seeing demand growth in Europe. The U.S. economy still is a bright spot. You've got unplanned events happening. There was a big issue in Brazil in the last week, so that just reinforces a point. So margins over the next several years should continue to move up, that is the expectation. Fundamental underlying demand will outstrip the additional supply growth, and that's our view.
Howard Ungerleider: I mean, certainly Europe margins were strong in the third quarter. North America came off a little bit, but not as much as everybody was expecting or the third-party pundits were pontificating. We've got North American operating rates in the industry are in the either the very high 80s or low-to-even mid-90s. The ACC data, you had below 40 days of inventory. So again that tells that you fundamental underlying demand is there. And we're taking advantage of that. And if you project forward the next few years, we've added in on our slide in the slide deck, we've added in all the new capacity. I think, frankly, we've been conservative. We added nine crackers on the Gulf Coast coming on between now and 2020. I don't think it's going to be nine, but we wanted to stress test it, and operating rates still go higher from here between now and 2020.
Howard Ungerleider: On the flexibility side, I would just say, Bob, we have had a track record of being flexible with our divestitures. So you look at in just in last 12 months, Angus and SBH were straight divests. You look at AgroFresh, which was a SPAC, I think we're the first Fortune 50 company to do that. I think at the time we announced $900 million of value for AgroFresh, embedded in that transaction was an earn-out. So that will bring future value, assuming AgroFresh delivers on their financial plan, which we're confident that they will. There is also a tax receivable agreement. When you add the value of the earn-out and the tax receivable agreement, that brings the AgroFresh value on an NPV back to Dow of north of $1 billion of value. And then the Olin RMT, I mean it just shows that we're willing to look at everything. This management team has a very large focus on return on capital, and we've been increasing ROC between 100 basis points and 150 basis points a year. And our focus is any transaction we do, we want it to be a help in EVA momentum and ROC increase.
Howard Ungerleider: It's simple. It plays to our portfolio. And if you think about where China is, they've exited this heavy industry phase, and it really is all about light industry/consumer. So you think about our materials, whether it's RO membranes in water, whether it's our elastomers, whether it's our architectural paints, where 10 years ago you would sell very low-end paint to a developer who would look to spray an entire building. Today you've got people in China who have been in their apartments or their homes for 10 years, they are making the choice, and their value proposition is going to be very different from a developer. They are looking for technology, they are looking for things, whether it's our FORMASHIELD, to take formaldehyde out of the air and trap it in the formulation or one-coat hiding. These are the kinds of products that we have, and you're starting to really see that through each of the three quarters of the year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I would say it's really -- you literally answered the question, because it really is a little bit currency, it's a little bit lower crop prices, which you look at a rented piece of land and the farmer's not able to make money in Brazil on that basis. And there has been -- you throw some weather in there and you mix it all together and it makes for a really challenging environment after three years of pretty high yields with high inventories.
Howard Ungerleider: I would say, yes, the medium- to long-term plan is that's going to be global technology. So we're seeing nice licensing income. I mean, it plays right into our technology material science strength. And boy, talk about EVA and ROC, it really has been a nice tailwind for building and construction and we see that continuing to expand over time.
Howard Ungerleider: I would say this, Phase 1. I mean, this is the beautiful thing, and why I would differentiate in terms of JV consolidation, deconsolidation, its hidden EBITDA. Remember, because of 20-50 equity accounting, you don't see the EBITDA of our joint ventures. You only see our percentage ownership of the net income after tax of the joint ventures in our EBITDA. So when you look at Phase 1 that we announced today, you're talking about probably in the range of $30 million to $50 million of lost Dow EBITDA in exchange for the $1.5 billion of proceeds. So it's a pretty nice EVA positive.
Andrew Liveris: You got to take it from the two angles that we are taking it with. You've just given us one angle, which is the retention angle. And then in consolidating ag market, the affordability of R&D budgets and the capturing of synergies is another angle. And if you look at our total market cap and you look at the contribution of Dow AgroSciences, both revenue and EBITDA, then projected EBITDA, you could take some multiples, and say, that as a percent of market cap is higher than as percent of either revenues or profit in the enterprise. So that begs value release and we have talked to many, all of our owners about that. You can entrust upon us, so all of our owners, that we will definitely compare it, as I've said in my remarks, to the value of retention. But look, we believe that over time the hurdle of doing business in this sector will only keep increasing. We've done a phenomenal job through collaboration of building our capabilities and we've done a tremendous job, as you acknowledged on building the pipeline of both chemistry and traits. And we will extract full value in whatever construct we come out with that beats anything towards retention.
Andrew Liveris: I really appreciate the question and it's a recurring question. Actually, way back in '03, '04 China's coal-to-olefins projects were looming large, especially with the oil and gas price structures that existed back then. Look, we have been part of it. We have actually assisted one of our partners there to actually move through the approval process. We have one point-in-time even considered participating ourselves. But in our view, despite the variable cost comment you just made, it is unlikely to be any new projects being brought forward. These are very hard to run, highly polluting projects, very water-intensive. They're all in the wrong place. And we believe that their ability to operate even is suspect, as already witnessed by the one that's online. And if you throw on top of that that there will be sub-world scale on the derivative side and actually be mostly in the commodity areas like glycol and gas based, commodity-based polyethylenes and polyprop it will have little or no effect on the value chain comparisons to either the Middle East production, which we're part of or the U.S. production, which we are part of.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, 72-year JV. Despite the comments on execution with the Mets, we are not foreshadowing an easy execution play here in terms of the partnership being such a strong one. But the good news is both partners know the company inside out, as you might imagine having been on the Boards of this company for a long time. We know the company. Look, Frank, it's just down the road here in Midland, Michigan. These synergies are very unique and are available to one partner, i.e. Dow. And then of course, there's more than that. There's the point you just made about market synergy. As we've rebuilt our portfolio these last many years, Dow Corning's become a much more logical fit on the market side, that wasn't true 10 years ago. And clearly whether it's in the consumer sector, the infrastructure sector, there's electronic materials, building construction, home and personal care, we also see growth synergies on the market side. This will only happen, if it's value accretive to both companies. The win/win/win of Olin, if we can construct it here, something might happen. But we've been very public about JVs and bringing them on balance sheet or off balance sheet. The Kuwaiti announcement is obviously moving in the other direction. And we anticipate that if something happens here, it will only happen, because it's hugely value creating.
Andrew Liveris: Look, I don't want to be -- there's no vagueness in the two commentaries, just to be very clear. There's no big M&A outside of our joint venture work. We've been very clear, our joint venture work is our joint venture work and we'll consolidate or deconsolidate. And yes, some people might say that's big M&A. But no, it's not big M&A, because it's a joint venture that we're either consolidating or deconsolidating. There's no problem with those statements coexisting, Jeff, but I understand your point. There could be cash outlay here, but there will only be cash outlay if it's hugely accretive, I mean just to be very clear.
Andrew Liveris: So the three year goals that we punched out today are very clear. We believe that the Kuwait joint venture and the way we're restructuring that will yield cash. And of course, for them it will yield growth. So it's a win/win/win. We believe that we have got bolt-on M&A in our future but no big M&A, to Jeff's question, other than whatever we end up doing with Dow Corning. We believe that Sadara and U.S. Gulf Coast, which by the way Sadara is already sold out on first product and we are pre-marketing as we speak on polyethylene. We're bringing those assets on at exactly the right time. So the $3 billion EBITDA run rate from the US Gulf Coast assets and the $700 million net income boost steady - state run rate on Sadara is new cash flow. And Peter, I think the way we should all think about the company is that it's going to be a cash flow machine these next several years. As you can already see, our cash flows are being boosted substantially. If we do any degree of monetization on ag of any sort, that just adds even further. And so this is all going to be returned to the shareholder. We're going to be a consistent dividend payer at the payout ratio of roughly 45% and we're going to be a buyer of our shares, while our shares in our view are undervalued. And I think the collective view is you generate cash, you spend that cash to grow organically. We have done that. We've got a lot of organic growth in our innovation pipeline. And we'll keep returning cash to our shareholders.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. And, Don, look, we're open to all constructs. That was a great construct with a win-win-win of Olin. So we're open to all constructs that release more value, and actually that value stays with the shareholders. It doesn't atrophy away in a tax disadvantage deal.
Andrew Liveris: Look, I wouldn't over-read anything about team structures. Every company does their own thing. We've got the most important part of the team announcement you saw today, John, is the team at the top. The top three of this company, Howard, Jim and I, we're going to run the company. Howard and Jim have got significant responsibilities, new responsibilities, very excited by that. It's a very strong team. Actually, we've had this team in place for a long time now, and they continue to show exceptional performance, as this quarter has shown. But the team that also reports to the CEO or the governance functions, some of the key functions that now report to Jim and Howard, we're going to pull that together as an executive leadership council that gets together and makes sure that we leverage every aspect of this company. Well, the three of us have everything. And the three of us, there was a term used at Dow for historians, from back in the 70s and early 80s, called a troika. I don't know whether that means anything to anyone, but you can call us that if you like. But the three of us run the company in terms of the big decisions and the operational decisions.
Andrew Liveris: So Jonas, really, literally, since the Monsanto Syngenta conversations began in May, you could imagine that every player talks to everyone. And on previous call, I think it was the last quarter's earnings call, I basically said Dow will have a seat at the table. So, yes, we're all talking to everyone. And there's no imminent deal. I just want you to obviously listen to the questions that were asked a couple times about, is this a good time, is this the right value, dah-dah-dah, all that is very key questions that we have to answer for our shareholders. But look, the answer is, everyone is talking to everyone.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I do. We packed a lot into this call. We appreciate your questions. You've got our earnings release. You've also got our pathway for the next two or three years release as well. We have a company that's closing out one year early from its goals that we announced in 2013. Our divestment targets were exceeded. We are in the position now of talking about the next two or three years with great clarity, and that clarity has been provided on the call. This is a company that has delivered on its promises. There's no gap between what we've said and what we've done and we intend to continue that. And we're getting little to no help from a consistent economy. Witness all the questions on volatility. Look at the proof points of our portfolio performing in this economy, which we now have got quite a few quarters in a row. Those who worried about low oil, look at our results. Those who worried about China going away, look at our results. The results of the company and the consistency of performance enables us, as a Board, and management team to continue to deliver that growth in terms of earnings and cash flow. We are strong cash flow machine, getting stronger back to you. There is no big M&A. We will consolidate JVs where it makes sense. There is no need to think about this company directing itself to anything in terms of big CapEx. We've got the big projects starting up. We have done this the last five years with your perseverance, and we are now in the throes of starting up some of the biggest industrial chemical complexes of all time, the one in Saudi Arabia, and of course, the big expansion on the US Gulf Coast. We're advantaged on the inputs and we're advantaged on the outputs. That's a structurally hedged portfolio that's very unique to this enterprise. We commit to you consistent return to shareholders, consistent return of that cash over these last five years. And last but not least, I'm very proud of the team announcements we've made today. We have the team to drive this company for the next five to 10 years in place. It's a team that has consistently grown and delivered for you, the shareholder, and I'm very proud of that. Thank you.
