Ed Breen: Thanks, Neal and good morning, everyone. As you saw, we had a strong second quarter. The highlights were that we grew sales, volume and operating EBITDA by double digits percent and we delivered local price gains and operating EBITDA margin expansion. We are delivering growth in each division, due to a combination of strong global demand and innovation. These are key indicators for me that our business focus and our people are making a difference in the marketplace for our customers and for shareholders. Net sales grew double digits percent in every division, and we were up in every region. Growth was fueled by broad based volume gains, enabled by capacity expansions from our US Gulf Coast and Sadara investments, benefits from the recovery of Ag sales due to weather-related delays last quarter, and pricing strength. This is the second quarter in a row that we see synchronized growth in our end markets. We also continued to benefit from cost synergies. We realized more than 375 million of savings in the second quarter. Savings since the merger closed total nearly 900 million. Examples of our cost synergy work include renegotiating procurement contracts, streamlining manufacturing operations and rightsizing our organization. Most of our nearly 900 cost synergy projects have been initiated. Based on our progress so far, we are increasing our year-over-year savings target to 1.4 billion, up more than 15% from our previous target. And we remain on pace to deliver our target of 3.3 billion on a run-rate basis at the end of two years. We’re seeing benefits in our gross margin, which was up this quarter, despite raw material costs; and we’re seeing it in SG&A, which declined as a percent of sales. I am very pleased with the progress our teams are making with synergies, while continuing to run the business well. Now I will turn to the status of the intended separation and spins, on slide 3. Since our last call, we have made substantial progress determining the capital structures of each of the spins. We expect to share our capital structures at our investor events this fall. We also made progress this quarter with the other items you see on the timeline. We remain confident that the new Dow will separate by the end of the first quarter of 2019, and Corteva by June 1, resulting in the creation of new DuPont at that time. We expect to file the first Form 10 for Dow in September and the initial Form 10 for Corteva by the end of October.  Our teams are getting excited about this as the date gets closer and they can see the opportunities ahead for themselves, as more focused companies and leaders in their industries. We have made strong progress with building out the three advisory committees, announcing ten new members since our last earnings call. The addition of these high quality leaders strengthens the focus of each committee and the diversity of perspective within them. We intend to announce the leadership teams of Corteva and DuPont next month. Also, on July 1, we completed the handover of the management books and operational control of the Hemlock Semiconductor JV to Specialty Products. This completes the transfer of the 2.4 billion in EBITDA resulting from the portfolio realignment we announced last September. Starting with the third quarter, the results of the JV will be aligned with Electronics and Imaging. And we will provide you with a recast of our historical results to reflect this reporting change. I also recognize many of you are interested in our views on the potential effects of tariffs that took effect, July 6. We support fair trade and continue to work with all stakeholders to find effective and measured solutions to unfair trade policies. We have completed an analysis of the potential impact, and continue to expect that tariffs will not have a material impact on the company in 2018, partly due to mitigation actions we have already taken and partly due to our global asset base. On the Ag side, we recognize that trade tensions have increased volatility in agricultural commodity prices, and have amplified market reactions to very highly rated US crops. We can also see that global markets are already adjusting to the current landscape. US soybean exports that would normally go to China are simply being shifted to other countries, as reported by USDA. That said, we will continue to monitor events as they unfold and take actions to mitigate any potential impacts. With that, I’ll turn it over to Howard to cover our financial performance in more detail, as well as our outlook.
Ed Breen: David, we’re still working on that and we have not given up on, looking at potential increase there. One of the areas we're going back on is the procurement area, which you know is a big chunk of where we got savings, two-thirds of our projected savings on the 3.3 is coming from kind of the COGS area and so we're taking another run through that and I would hope we have some opportunity there. So we'll address that the next time we speak publicly, but what we have been able to do, as we mentioned in our comments is we have almost 900 projects, almost all – last quarter, by the way, we had about 75% of them being worked on. Now, we're literally about 95% of them are already either initiated or finished or well on their way. So, we've just been able to really expedite and kind of move the timeline up on it. So, it was really a move up of some of the 3.3 to get that extra 200 million in here, but again, we have -- we're not giving up that we could maybe get that number higher and we’re working real hard on it.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So we announced 10 new board members across the three divisions. They will become the permanent board members of each of the committees we announced them on. You probably will see two or three more members join the different boards that we still have to add to. So we're diligently working on that and interviewing and talking to people now and by the way who we're talking to are some really high quality talented people, so I'm really thrilled that we'll have that process done very shortly. And probably just to add to that, all three of the boards are just meeting during the last couple of weeks to go through two-day strategy session. So our new members are now attending. So they're going to be well up to speed once we get to the spin of the business. They will not be new at it. So we've really worked out a nice process there. We are going to announce the management teams of DuPont and of Corteva in the month of September. We've always stated that's about when we would do with the 6 to 8 months kind of before the spin. So we're going to be ready to do that. You'll see that come out. And then as far as capital structure, we're in very good conversations with the rating agencies, but it is a process and we're hoping to conclude that in kind of the earliest fall range and then we will talk in detail about that. We're planning on doing the three investor days or half days later in the fall. We'll get a date out on that very shortly, so we’ll do one for MatCo and one for SpecCo and one for AgCo. And we’ll be able to talk about all that at that meeting.
Ed Breen: Well, I mean, let me hit the portfolio and I’ll let Marc to jump in on it. We've already -- we've stated many times in specialty that we're going to divest 5% to 10% of the portfolio, it's not where we see the highest future returns in the business and/or the growth rates that we want, which I guess translates in to returns also. And one of the things Marc highlighted in his prepared remarks was, we just did announce the divestiture of the styrofoam business in Europe. That was about 220 million of sales. So there's 1% out of the portfolio right there. And by the way when you take that out, the safety and construction margins go up a full 100 basis points just with that move, and all by the way, that business happen that low returns. So, they’re an action.  We will try to take a couple more actions, pre the spin, but quite a few of the actions we want to take are going to have to be post spin because our teams are so tied up, making the spins happen, the same people that work on the CARs and all the legal entity work and all to do that. So you might see one or two other announcements from us, but the bulk of them will be right afterward, but we have Marc teed up with the board, they understand what we want to do and on that front and we're ready to go.
Ed Breen: Yes. Thanks for the question, Arun. There'll be no other spins obviously before we do the three here. All the divisions have all their options opened to them afterward and we've always highlighted on the SpecCo side. We have a lot of optionality with the portfolio. Having said that, well, we really like the portfolio the way it is, with the portfolio realignment we did in September, it's an awesome portfolio, but it is for distinct nice businesses that are all market leaders. So we're in a nice position with a lot of flexibility moving forward, but nothing would clearly happen before we actually do these spins in the spring.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So Jonas, it might be a little confusing. By the way, the DowDuPont board is a little big, it was 8 originally picked from the DuPont side and 8 from the Dow side. So that's a big board. Having said that, by the way, board has functioned extremely well together and you can see we've made a lot of decisions on very fast, but the way we're teeing it up is when we split into three companies, each board will have 10 to 12 board members, which is very typical to staff or the committees that you have in a company this size. So we've got to get ourselves over this kind of next months up to kind of 30, 36 board member to actually get to kind of that 11 or so, somewhere in that range, maybe 12 on each of the three boards.  So the way we're running them Jonas right now is, we actually do separate meetings, committee meet, we call committees right now of the MatCo, SpecCo and AgCo board, which we just did during the last couple of weeks, so the two day strategy session I talked about and that's the group that will continue on with that board and then the regular DowDuPont board, the 16 meet regularly, but all of those people are going to go on to one of the three boards also. So it's not actually -- we're getting it down to the three, so they can start running strategically looking at things and they'll end up, give or take, 11 or 12 board members. So we have to work our way up to that 30 some number, so we're ready to go and we want them on as early as possible so they can 10, 2, 3, 4, sessions as I said, so they're all prepped and they understand the strategy and we're moving from day one. 
Ed Breen: So, I think, on the trade topics, I haven't seen any indications of pre-buying in the materials sector. I think we've seen good growth in the markets, but most of it’s driven by the fact that the Chinese consumer economy has actually been pretty good for our downstream products. I think if we had seen any kind of pre-buying volumes or seen a different price dynamic in the Asia Pacific market than what we've seen. As it goes to next growth, obviously, one of the things that we all look for in terms of next growth is the ability to access competitive feedstocks on light hydrocarbons, natural gas liquids is the most competitive feedstock versus naphtha right now.  Of course, the only access really to that for China is to take US ethane and ship it over there, which is not as cheap as it is to build here. So I haven't seen anything in that direction. The other thing that is part of this whole tariff trade discussion is, if you want to build an ethylene facility in China, you have to have a local partner and so that makes it a little bit difficult for some of the players to be able to get in and have a position that will make a return for their investors. So there are several dynamics at play. I don't see any big wave coming soon. I think there are a lot of next big wave projects lined up for the US Gulf Coast and where there may be even some increments in Canada too.
Ed Breen: Yeah. I’d say overall, I feel really pleased with the team's execution in the first half of the year. It was a very robust first half, and as we said, broad based across the whole platform. If you go to our third quarter guidance, I think it's also again very robust, very solid guidance. If you go back, when you get to study it, look at page five where we gave you all the points against guidance. The midpoint is going to come to 17% EBITDA growth, so very robust like the first half of the year. And if you go to page six and work your way through all that, you're going to end up with a full year for DowDuPont of EBITDA growth of the mid-teens, so very, very strong and EPS ending the year in the low-20% increase range. So feeling very good.  More importantly, I think we said it synchronized and it's -- really we're seeing at all end markets around the world, if you take volume and price, there are two biggest positive drivers, when you look at it by regions, North America was up 17%. This past quarter, Asia was up 18%, Europe was up 10%, Latin America was up 6%. So very synchronized around the globe. We see volume and price continuing to help us. The third thing that really helps us here is the synergies and those things have been able to really offset a very significant movement in raw materials and the two comments we mentioned on Ag with currency in Brazil moving against us in the corn to soy shift. So some negative dynamics with some really robust positive dynamics that are teeing this year up for us the way it's going. So thank you very much on for joining us today.
Jim Collins: Thanks, Howard. Turning to slide 7, I’d like to start with the highlights of the Ag division for the second quarter, and then recap the first half, as we’ve largely closed out the planting season in the Northern Hemisphere. Agriculture’s second quarter was very strong, with double-digit sales and operating EBITDA growth. The sales progression this quarter played out largely as we expected. You may recall that when the quarter began, unseasonably cool weather had pushed planting progress in the Northern Hemisphere three or four weeks behind. By early May, the weather warmed up, and field conditions became favorable for planting. Farmers showed an impressive ability to bring planting rates back up fast. By mid-May, rates in the US had returned to normal levels and by late May, corn planting was essentially complete. Now, field conditions have remained generally favorable since then, and forecasts for yield show that most farmers should have a good harvest again this year, despite the late start for most parts of the country. We were pleased with the way our teams came together to quickly deliver our products to customer. We achieved volume gains of 20%, as we successfully recovered all the sales that had been delayed. Let me touch on three other highlights of the quarter. First, we achieved local price gains, driven by continued penetration of new corn hybrids and A-series soybeans. Second, we delivered nearly 20% growth in insecticides, with better supply due to work on debottlenecking and productivity, and new product launches. Third, we continued to make progress toward our cost synergy target, while advancing our growth synergy work. While soybean royalty costs rose in the quarter, this was expected as we increased the penetration of RR2Xtend soybeans. Meanwhile, we continue to improve our germplasm, work on the efficiency of our supply chain to bring unit costs down, and advance our pipeline of new products. We continue to position our products as priced for value, and did not see any heavy discounting in the current season. It’s important to note that our new product pipeline is the best it has ever been, and we expect to launch 21 new seed and crop protection products over the next five years. In fact, since our last earnings call, we were encouraged to receive approval of the active substance, Inatreq, for use in the European Union. This innovative product offers a new mode of action to control Septoria, a disease that has been reducing wheat yields in many parts of Europe. Inatreq is produced by fermentation and is derived from natural sources, which we believe will appeal to many farmers in this market. This example reinforces our continued leadership in bringing naturally derived products to the marketplace. Turning to our performance for the first half, the Ag division’s sales were nearly flat, as local price and currency gains were offset by volume declines. The causes of the volume pressure were two-fold. First, North America saw a reduction in corn and soybean planted area. This reduction impacted both seed and crop protection sales. Second, the delayed summer harvest shortened the safrinha season in Brazil, resulting in lower planted area as well as a shift toward lower technology corn as farmers acted to minimize the impact of lower yields, given the reduced growing time. Given these factors, we see operating EBITDA of about 2.7 billion for the full year, up 4% versus 2017.  To support our growth strategy, we continue to invest in product launches and building out our digital capabilities. We see strategic value in expanding our own use of technology in the research process, as well as expanding our digital offerings to provide a more complete product for our customers, including both agronomic and farm management solutions. At the same time, we are building out our multi-brand, multi-channel strategy. For example, this past quarter, we introduced Brevant brand of seeds in Russia and Ukraine, and this fall, in addition to launching Brevant in Brazil, US farmers will see strategically important shifts in our brand strategy when we present next year’s seed line-up. Corteva is well on the path to becoming an increasingly innovative Ag company. We are excited about our future as a focused, pure play Ag company, a trusted partner that offers farmers the right products for the right acres. And we are committed to bring to the market ever better ways for farmers to drive their productivity, while creating higher value for shareholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Jim to cover Materials Science.
Jim Collins: Yeah. Jeff, let me add one more thing. When we’ve built the original plan for 2018, you'll know based on USDA reports that we had a reduction of corn acres in North America and a reduction in soybean acre. So if you think about this lower number, about a third is attributed to just lower acres, a third is the currency that Ed mentioned and then everything else, the other third is kind of that shift from corn to soybeans anticipated in Brazil, along with the market hold that we talked about in the first quarter. There are some other minor things like freight and some raw material increases in there, but I'd say those are the major ones.
Jim Collins: Hi, John. This is Jim. Sadara doesn't have any plans right now for an IPO. It has the optionality, obviously to do an IPO in the future. We've always retained that, but with all the other things that are going on in Kingdom, especially with our partner Aramco, Saudi Aramco, we haven't had a plan to do anything with an IPO right now. And then as far as expansions go, obviously, we'll take a look at that. Our first order of business is to get our lenders’ reliability test done at the end of this year and once we get through that lenders reliability test and pass that hurdle, I think the teams will take a look at do we have the feedstocks we need, do we have the other things we need to look at potential expansions. We’re working on the Value Park right now. Sadara is building an yield pipeline to the Value Park. We have customers coming in to build next to that and so we're looking at building on neighboring plants to actually take some of the offtake of Sadara and build up capability in the Kingdom. They may not be DowDuPont investments, but they may be third-party investments.
Jim Fitterling: This is Jim. So on plastics, well, we did see good volume and good price in North America. We also saw some softening in Europe so chain margins were down a bit in Europe and I think with the third of our business based over there, that pulled things down a little bit and I would say Asia Pacific held up, I would say, kind of flattish for the quarter, so it's mostly volume growth that you see coming through there. We had $400 million of higher raw material costs, so you've got some margin compression push on the raw materials side, but I'm not worried about volume growth. In plastics, volume growth is very robust and it's across the board, all the segments are growing strong.  As the ethylene cycle goes, ethylene is a little bit disconnected right now, just in the United States, Gulf Coast, because there's not enough derivative demand or supply there to convert it. And so, I think as the year progresses, you're going to see some of that balance out in the short term. You’ve seen some people turn down higher cost ethylene derivatives, because there's really not much capacity to move it out. So I think when you look at it, you've got to look at full plastics chain margins, not ethylene. There really isn't much of an ethylene merchant market that's going to make this swing.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I think Jeff on Matco, in the second half, we had we had a couple of major turnarounds in the second quarter. So in turn news and then also down in Freeport and so as we get through that in the second quarter, you should see some positive impact of that plus the fact that we’ll have less turnaround costs in the quarter. I do expect we'll still have some raw material headwinds coming at us, but I think the volume growth is good and we still got some year-over-year improvements on the new capacity growth. And then by fourth quarter, we're going to have the St. Charles gas phase de-bottleneck done. That's about 125,000 tons of additional capacity in St. Charles and then we're going to have the new plant coming on, coming on in the fourth quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. So -- and we announced an outage on the Freeport MDI unit and that’s scheduled to run from August to the first half of September. It's really a mechanical change that we need to make and there are some clean out of some parts of the plant, requires us to open it up and go in and then close it up. So that’s a time consuming one. As far as planned outages around the Gulf Coast, really, they're small -- there's nothing coming in terms of any crack or outages. We've got the St. Charles de-bottleneck and when we do that, we need to take the plant down to actually put that expansion in place. So it'll be out for a little bit, but other than that, maybe a few days here and there on plastics plant in the fourth quarter, nothing to speak of. In terms of how the feedstock prices are moving, obviously, you've got new capacity coming on right now. Exxon's up. So you've got a big pull on ethane. There's still quite a bit of ethane in rejection. I think 275, down from 450 the last time we talked about it, but I think you're going to see ethane kind of rebound here, propane has been running a little bit high. Right now, we're heavy light, we're cracking as light as we can and we're cracking as much ethane as we can and I think we're going to be in that situation for the foreseeable future.
Howard Ungerleider: And I think just maybe, Jeff, this is Howard, to add a little bit more color on MatCo. When you look at, your analysis is right, you think about what the key drivers are, it was broad volume growth, so 10% volume growth in the first half or in the second quarter I should say, local price up 5 as well. The equity earnings, both the Kuwaiti JVs and the Sadara JVs were better than expected and then we did get a little bit of help as well from the favorable currency.
Howard Ungerleider: Let me give you a leaning, but I would preface it with saying, that is a board decision, but I would think if we're sitting on excess cash at these kind of stock prices, I think share repurchase would be something we'd be very interested in. I think Howard mentioned in his remarks we are going to do another billion share buyback this quarter, so it's something we will sit down with the board and look at. And let me add a second point, the capital structures I think were very comparable, we're going to get to where we need to be from our preliminary conversations and I think we’ll be healthy in the ranges that we told you we're going to be. And so I think we know we'll have some flexibility with where we're going to get rated anyway, so therefore, maybe another way of saying, it is the need to sit on a lot of cash is not something we need to do from a flexibility standpoint. We will have flexibility for these three companies going out. So we'll be able to address that in the near future.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Steve. As we've always talked about cost synergies in the business, we said that they were a bit back end loaded in Ag in the second half of 2018 and we’ll continue to see those into 2019. Most of that back half loading though is related to COGS. As we significantly restructured our seed production footprint in both North America and Latin America. The crop that we're planting right now this year will benefit from a cost of goods, as we condition it in the fourth quarter and get ready to sell that in fourth quarter and on into the first part of 2019. So a lot of that back end loading, all of those other areas that we talked about, we jumped on those really, really quickly in the end of ’17 and early ’18. So we're pretty well set with our footprint.  That said, there's still some areas that we're looking at, some of the other corporate areas, as we begin to get ourselves ready for spin and we start to set up a fully functioning finance, HR, IT, tax, treasury organization, we'll have some opportunities to continue to fine tune, as we go forward. You mentioned the insecticide, so you saw in our results in second quarter, we had 20% growth year-over-year. That's high teens percent growth through the first half year-over-year and that is related to a few areas. First, it's de-bottlenecking of our manufacturing facilities, these fermentations, much higher productivity, which has given us supply that we just never had before. Second is better positioning of our products in the marketplace going head to head with some of the other competition, that's out there. And yeah, it's a sales organization that's really focused now on some of these key high value specialty markets. And I wouldn’t say regaining share, I would say establishing the right presence for those products, the product line in in the marketplace. If you think about our second half, that growth that you asked about is also coming from a few other products. It's coming from Vessarya, which is going to be the premier Asian soybean rust fungicide in Brazil and with some of the excitement that we're feeling in Brazil with soybean acres, we should benefit from that. We're also launching the cereal herbicide that I talked about and then really exciting, a brand new product in the industry in rice in Asia, Parexel, which controls the pest that nobody else really gets at. So, we’ve talked about having the best pipeline in the industry and we've talked about that pipeline starting to deliver, it’s really showing up in our results.
Howard Ungerleider: And we’re adding some really good industry experience in each of the three spins. So when you see the new board members that have come on, you're seeing some pretty deep experience in each of our three areas here.
