Lori Koch: Good morning and thank you for joining. I'm excited to be here today for my first quarterly call as CEO and to be joined by Antonella, our newly appointed CFO. We both look forward to partnering with Ed and our global teams to continue to drive value creation for all stakeholders. We remain focused on driving results and demonstrating the performance potential of our combined portfolio while furthering the plans to unlock value through our previously announced separation. This morning, we reported second quarter financial results ahead of our previous guidance, reflecting continued positive momentum led by broad-based electronics recovery as well as sequential improvement from all W&P lines of business. We were very pleased with this outcome and by the continued focus and strong execution of our global team. On a consolidated basis for the quarter, we saw improvement across all key financial metrics. Net sales and operating EBITDA were both up year-over-year and sequentially, including a 17% pickup in operating EBITDA versus the first quarter. We saw strength in the semi business driven by growth in advanced technology applications, including AI. We also realized continued recovery and new wins within consumer electronics market to drive both year-over-year and sequential growth for interconnect solutions. We did see some favorable timing benefits within each of these businesses during second quarter relative to our expectations. In the W&P segment, we were pleased to see a better-than-anticipated sequential step-up in our water business in China as well as improvement in Tyvek medical packaging within Safety Solutions which was in line with our expectations. Our year-over-year growth in operating EBITDA reflects solid margin expansion with operating EBITDA margin improvement of 130 basis points, driven by favorable business mix, stronger production rates in our electronics businesses and realization of restructuring-related cost savings, partially offset by higher variable compensation expense. Second quarter adjusted earnings per share increased 14% year-over-year. Strong cash generation and related conversion of over 100% was another bright spot for the quarter, highlighting disciplined working capital management and made a sequential sales ramp. For the full year 2024, we are raising our guidance for net sales, operating EBITDA and adjusted EPS which Antonella will detail shortly. I also wanted to highlight that earlier this week; we closed our acquisition of Donatelle, a manufacturer of sophisticated medical devices. We are delighted to welcome the Donatelle team to DuPont and are excited about this transaction which will deepen and complement our expertise in medical device market alongside Spectrum which we acquired last year. Donatelle will be managed within our E&I Industrial Solutions line of business alongside the Spectrum team. Together, these offerings are expected to enhance our position as a partner of choice for customers in the high-growth medical device field. I'll now turn the call over to Ed, who will provide a progress update on our planned separation.
Lori Koch: Yes. Jeff, maybe to your first question. So yes, the majority of the growth that we saw within the semi and ICS business was just market recovery but there was probably about $30 million of pre-buy, especially within Asia Pacific, as some of the new fabs come online. So that drove the Q2 performance up a little bit and then it will mute a little bit the ramp into Q3 and the back half of the year. But overall, still really nice recovery in the electronic space. As we have noted, a lot of it is coming from the AI acceleration that's felt in both the semi and the ICS business. In total, AI is about $250 million of sales for us today; so a lot of improvement to be able to drive growth there. Like I had mentioned, it's felt across the board in semi as well as ICS on the packaging and the thermal management side.
Lori Koch: Yes. So the $30 million of pre-buy was probably about $20 million in semi and about $10 million of Interconnect. So on the Interconnect side, it would be a little bit of a timing shift for some of the premium smartphone deliveries.
Lori Koch: Yes. It's the same product. It's just more content into the space because of the advanced nodes. And so the advanced nodes have more stacks and/or thermal management requirements that require more of our material. So 1 rule of thumb that we point out is in the semi space. MSI is a typical indicator of market growth and we would be 200 to 300 basis points above market growth because of the advanced node exposure that we have. So they need more material to be able to produce the higher-end chips.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think to your point, we haven't -- yes, so I think you have to go back a couple of years to kind of see the more normal seasonality pattern that would exist. And so if you go back, it's probably more about $50 million to $100 million lift from Q2 to Q3 and then normally about a $100 million decline from Q3 to Q4. So this year's recovery is muting that. And also the pre-buy in Q2 is muting that a bit from Q2 to Q3, so rising about $30 million. But our decline Q3 to Q4 is muted down to about $50 million in the guide, because that's the continued recovery that we see across the board. So seasonality is a bit challenging, to your point, whenever you're having market inflections but that's what's into our number. Like if you take away the pre-buy, then you would see more the normal seasonality.
Lori Koch: Yes. We intend to report in the new structure prior to the Form 10 detailed filings would go out. So we're targeting sometime early next year to have leadership appointments and then ultimately report on the new segments would be the future spin.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we will most likely have three reportable segments for Remainco, one of which is health care which would be the combination of Tyvek, Spectrum, the Liveo Biopharma business and now Donatelle given that acquisition closed. And the other two reportable segments would be a next-gen mobility which would help all of our EV automotive exposure. And then the remaining would be generally the safety business and the shelter business and the rest of the printing businesses and industrial businesses, industrial solutions that aren't semi related.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we expect nice high single-digit growth in the current construct of E&I as we head into 2025, a lot of that coming from the growth acceleration from AI as well as overall continued pickup within the consumer electronics space. So we think we'll be from a utilization perspective on the semi front more in the high 70s as we exit 2024 overall. It's more like in the low 80s in the advanced nodes in DRAM and then lower than that in the legacy nodes and some of the more legacy memory applications.
Lori Koch: Yes. So ICS, I kind of think about it in 2 big buckets as far as market opportunity is concerned. One is like a powerhouse with respect to interconnect solutions and 1 is a powerhouse with respect to thermal management and you see opportunity on the 3 lines of business underneath across both of those segments. And so the Laird acquisition has continued to play out nicely for us to drive opportunity across the ICS portfolio. It's been really timely with the AI boost and the ADAS boost that's coming to have that thermal management business within our portfolio.
Lori Koch: No. No, there's no competitive dynamics. It's really just the destock from the 2023 high volumes that went on. So there's nothing competitively. We did see sequential improvement in Kalrez as we had expected. We actually do forecast of return to volume growth in Industrial Solutions in total in the back half. So it was really just getting through the destock in Kalrez and also in the biopharma which are both in Industrial Solutions.
Lori Koch: Yes, so good memory. I had signaled that usually, Q2 is a little muted because of the interest payment which we did pay. It was really a reflection of better working capital performance for the most part. So we had sequential revenue but we're really able to keep the working capital headwind. So we've done a really nice job primarily on the inventory front around driving productivity across our businesses to get better at cash. So we're still in that 90% target range for the year, we're at about 96% quarter-to-date. So we're in good shape to be able to deliver against the targets that we have out there.
Lori Koch: Yes, really, that was driven by a bit of our corporate expenses. So there's always a little bit of timing from quarter-to-quarter. So I would say when you take a look at kind of corporate expenses, we're probably a little heavy in Q1, a little light in Q2 and on average, kind of expected where we would typically be. As you kind of look into the second half of the year, as you look at corporate as a segment, we did point out in the materials that we do expect overall less income coming from corporate in the second half of the year than we had in the first half of the year.
Lori Koch: Yes. We expect volumes to be up low single digits in the third quarter year-over-year for Industrial Solutions and then more in the low double-digit range for the fourth quarter. So we saw a nice inflection sequentially and then we'll see a return to year-over-year volume growth in the second half.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we haven't had any conversations on selling the water business. So our intent is still to spend. Each of the 3 spins will pick up their pro rata share of the of the PFAS liability per the trailing 12-month EBITDA underneath the sharing agreement with Corteva.
Lori Koch: For the water business, as we mentioned from Q2 to Q3, we do expect it to be relatively flat as we get into the fourth quarter we do expect a sequential increase in terms of the top line. And some of that is just driven by some project-related activity that we have there. In terms of safety, we did talk about that's where our medical packaging business is within Tyvek, we do expect to see some sequential improvement there as well. I think there, the growth will be a little less muted as we go through the course of the year because there's just a couple of little other puts and takes within that business.
Lori Koch: Yes. And we'll work to get the Remainco SIC code changed as well. So we've been trying for since we spun out of to get a change more to the multi-industrial diversified SIC code. And so I think we continue to make our case that we should not have the chemicals SIC code anymore. And so we'll work with that one as well.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think we'll end the year overall in utilization in the high 70s that will be different between advanced nodes and more legacy nodes. So the advanced node should be in the low 8s and the more mature notes with would not quite be at the average. So it sets up well for 2025 to get back to the more normal utilization patterns that exist in the semi space. As I had noted earlier, we overall probably see high single-digit growth in E&I in total in 2025 with a lot of growth coming from continued acceleration with AI on both the data center side as well as on the ICS side.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we closed Spectrum earlier this week -- or Donatelle earlier this week. We get up Donatelle nicely with our Spectrum acquisition that we're actually lapping a year on here, August 1. And so they've got nice exposure to some of the large medical device OEMs that Spectrum did not have. So there's a lot of cross-selling opportunity to come in there as they've also got some really nice machining and tooling competencies that will add to the portfolio. In total, the revenue is about $75 million from Donatelle. It's got slightly better margins than what the Spectrum acquisition did. So a nice addition there.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I would say in the second quarter, in addition to the timing of expenses, we did have a good strong margin performance in terms of the retained businesses as well. As we shift into the second half of the year, as I mentioned earlier, we do expect the overall earnings in corporate to come down there is a little bit of pressure that we have in terms of our solar business that we have within the retained businesses. So we have a little bit of earnings headwind related to there. And I mentioned earlier, a little bit of timing related to actual corporate expense.
Lori Koch: Yes. And maybe on your order question. So our order book is trending alongside the guide that we had given. So we feel like we're in good shape there.
Lori Koch: We continue to see a nice opportunity. We're actually investing in a facility in Europe to be able to take advantage as well from a production perspective. So it's still a little early. I mean, the potential market opportunity on the low end is probably in the $250 million range as we position ourselves as a component supplier into the space.
Edward Breen: Thanks and good morning, everyone. As seen in our second quarter results, we are well into the recovery phase from last year's inventory corrections in most key end markets and electronics may be setting up for a prolonged positive cycle. Turning to the separations; we've received very encouraging feedback since our May announcement of our intent to separate the electronics and water businesses and the formation of 3 independent companies. We believe our investors broadly appreciate the value creation opportunity of having 3 industry-leading global companies with compelling growth opportunities and distinct investment propositions. As we shift gears to ramp up our separation activities, we have also worked to ensure our teams internally are highly motivated to remain focused on serving customers and driving business performance. That remains the top priority and I'm confident our operating teams will continue to execute. As you can see on Slide 4, we have already begun working on the rigorous project management processes necessary to ensure the separation work is executed smoothly. Our teams have plenty of experience to rely on to ensure we stay within the 18- to 24-month time line from our May announcement with all 3 companies well positioned for day 1. One key short-term milestone that has already been completed is the establishment of key work stream leaders as part of our integrated project management team under Lori and Antonella's leadership, along with myself. Key separation work streams underway include legal entity standup, IT separation and stand, our financials and talent selection. A current priority, along with our Board, is to complete executive leadership appointments for electronics and water along with corporate governance aspects including board appointments. We currently anticipate announcements in early 2025. We are also making progress towards the future capital structures of the 3 intended companies. Specifically, during June, we redeemed $650 million of our 2038 bonds and entered into new interest rate swaps that hedged the rate risk on our longer-dated maturities. To the extent that it becomes necessary to repay these bonds, the new swaps hedge the risk of higher debt repayment costs that would occur in a lower interest rate environment. So while it is still early in the process, you can see that the separation work is progressing along and we look forward to updating you as we move forward. Before I turn it over to Antonella, I'd like to mention 1 of the updates detailed in our 10-Q which will be filed later today, specifically around the South Carolina MDL. Now that the water district settlement has become final, the court has indicated a focus on the personal injury cases. Earlier this year, the court ordered cases not involving 1 of the 8 medical patients to be dismissed by August 22 unless certain evidence is presented. About half of the 6,000 cases depending on June 30 are expected to be dismissed on that basis. They can be refiled over the next 4 years if those evidence requirements are later met. We do not, however, expect any trials in 2024 in the South Carolina MDL. With that, let me turn it over to Antonella, who will provide additional details on our financial results and outlook.
Edward Breen: Yes. Steve, there's really 2 buckets left. Obviously, we sell the big 1 on the water district cases. The 2 buckets left in the state AG cases and the personal injury cases. And I think the comment we made this morning on the PI basis, I think, is fairly significant because it reduces the cases from about 6,000 down to about 3,000. And remember, this is not like some of the other settlements we did where we had a location and we settled because we used PFAS. In this case, this is because of firefighting phone again. So only 3,000 cases and this goes back to what the plaintiffs also said in our settlement that we are probably responsible for 3% to 7% as a consortium group and we're only 1/3 of the 3% to 7%. So I think you can wrap your head around a number that's pretty reasonable here.
Edward Breen: No. I think the difference is just to distinguish that we didn't make firefight [ph]. So, if you made it, you're in a different little bit of a category but we did not make it. So -- which is I think why our percent is just 3% to 7% and we're 1/3 of that.
Edward Breen: I don't expect Steve any settlement this year but we are working hard to settle as much to the rest of the PFAS as we can by the time of the spin to get them out clean. So we're working hard at it.
Edward Breen: Yes. Yes. So your last point, no, we wouldn't do anything where we bolt something on the asset. I don't want to get out in front of ourselves on any speculation of what's going on. But as I said on the last earnings call, John, if there is interest in the water business, we obviously will look at it and study it hard if there's a better path to creating value for our shareholders, we would clearly do that. And I'll just leave it at that for now.
Edward Breen: Yes. So it kind of goes back to the whole superfund circle issue. And to make it very clear, manufacturers of products are not responsible under circle. There's kind of 4 key categories, if you don't mind me telling you these for a minute just to clarify this issue. The responsible parties are current owners and operators of facilities where substances are located, [indiscernible] owners of facilities where hazardous substances were disposed, aggregators and generators, persons who arrange for disposal has a substance at a site and transporters who transported it to those sites. So by the way, there's a Supreme Court case on this, just to clarify it more. An entity will not be held liable as an arranger merely for selling a new and useful product if the purchaser of that product later and unbent to the seller dispose of the product in a way that led to contaminate it. So I think it's pretty darn clear, as we've said all along that we don't have responsibility under this
Edward Breen: I'll just say it this way. We are going to work at for. The electronics is very clear where that should be and we will work that issue. I mean there are pure-play comps in those industries that there's only a couple of key competitors against some that have their marking in the water business is the same way; so that will be worked.
Edward Breen: Yes. So the cases have crept up over time but the slope has obviously changed, come down. And remember, it's predominantly firefighters. It's not other individuals. So the drop will be at least down to 3,000 of cases. And I'd just say, overall, because it's firefighting foam, it goes back to the last settlement we did where we never made the firefighting foam but we had 1 surfactant that went in for 10 or 11 years. So net-net was determined that the exposure of Corteva [ph] us was in the 3% to 7% range. And so I think you can do the math like we were able to do when we settled the water cases and kind of get this into a certain box. And remember, we're only 1/3 of 3% to 7%, as I mentioned earlier. And Mike, just to your -- kind of one of your last points. Obviously, we always try to settle these as a class, like we did the water cases and we'll work hard to do that. And I said we would love to clean a lot of this up before the actual separations occur.
Antonella Franzen: Sure, Scott. It's Antonella. So just a couple of quick things that I would mention. I think it's important to keep in mind, particularly in W&P, we had some really strong pricing over the last couple of years. And I would say, particularly, there's a few businesses where our pricing over the last 2 years was about in the mid-teens that more than compensated for any of the cost increases that we saw. So it's not unlikely that we would see a couple of points that we would kind of give back really more just so to maintain share. So to your point, it's really the timing of the price increases that we had.
Antonella Franzen: Yes. So this is Antonella. Just a couple of comments there. So as we mentioned, we did see a nice lift off of Q1 in both medical packaging in Tyvek as well as in our Water business, where we saw the biggest impact of destocking. A we move forward, we do continue to expect that we will see a little bit more lift in medical package as we go through the year. For water, as we mentioned, we actually saw a bigger lift headed into Q2 than we were originally expecting. So that will be pretty consistent. As we head into the third quarter, we'll see a little bit more of a lift in the fourth quarter as well. So overall, revenue is relatively flattish as we go into the second half of the year for W&P. And I would just keep in mind, there's probably a little bit of muted seasonality that we built in, in the shelter business, just given the soft resi market and just we're keeping a close eye on the macros out there. And so that's a little bit of a cautious view, I would say that we have built into our guidance currently.
Antonella Franzen: No. Actually the margins in W&P are expected to be flattish to up a little bit actually as we head into the third quarter and expect it to continue to improve as we head into the fourth quarter as well.
Antonella Franzen: Yes. So keep in mind, as Ed mentioned earlier, we did have the settlements. So really, that's predominantly all the cash out of about $408 million related to the MOU settlement.
Antonella Franzen: Actually, I would say, our ways in our guidance, when we kind of take a look at it is not only adding in the Q2 beat but actually a bit more than that as well. So kind of the way to look at it is if you look where our previous guidance was and to your point, kind of at the beat that we had in the second quarter of around $150 million on the top and $90 million on the bottom, I think you need to keep in mind that incremental headwind from when we previously gave guidance to the tune of $75 million. And clearly, there's an EBITDA impact associated with that as well. That is only partially offset by the Donatelle acquisition that's going in. So on a true underlying basis, if you put FX and acquisitions aside, in addition to the Q2 beat, we are raising the top line close to $100 million in the bottom line, around $30 million or so.
Antonella Franzen: This is Antonella. So a couple of things that I would mention there to keep in mind. So one, obviously, we are seeing a bit of an impact from deflation of cost that's in there. Secondly, I would also mention in terms of restructuring, we took a lot of actions as we announced the program last year towards late November; some of those actions have actually been accelerated. So we are seeing even more of a benefit this year than we were originally anticipating. So as you may recall, we were first expected we'd have about $100 million of restructuring savings in 2024. We now expect that to be closer to $115 million or so for the year. So that's also helping from a COGS perspective and kind of bringing our costs down.
