Nick Fanandakis: Yes, Frank so as we looked at the capital structure of Chemours, we dialed in all of the things that Ellen just talked about. We dive in the plan for the expectation of what the EBITDA is going to be for the year. We worked with the rating agencies to have some preliminary evaluations done of the business. Of course, everything is predicated on that final point of time, but we are so close right now, that I feel very good about the midnight dividend and the debt level that we’re going to be able to place on the entity, along with the dividend structure that we’ve been proposing.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, that hasn’t gone public yet we work with the rating agencies around that plan, but we’ve not gone public with the numbers on that and that won't be public until they go for the debt offering.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, and so as far as the returning of the midnight dividend back to the shareholders through share buyback what we stated is over the 12 to 18 months Kevin, we’re going to look to see exactly what tool and mechanism we used to secure that – complete that share buyback. This potential for an ASR, there is also potential for open market. But it will be over that period of 12 to 18 months timeframe.
Nick Fanandakis: Well, thank you everybody for joining the call today. Our team is available for follow-up questions if there are any.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so certainly currency and I took portfolio in the same kind of bucket as we’ve had significant portfolio changes within several of this segments. But if you look at things like N&H, if you took our portfolio in currency their earnings – operating earnings would have been up 12%. If you take a look at S&P, their operating earnings would have been up 17%, if you look at performance materials up 29%. The headwinds at portfolio in currency were agriculture and were performance chemicals, were they would not have gotten in the positive figures. I mean its interesting Bob, when you look at back a few years ago, when you take out currency and portfolio with the headwinds we’ve seen in agriculture and the headwinds that we’ve seen in the chemical cycle. Ex-currency we are earned this time last year. And I think that’s a very powerful statement to the strength of the portfolio and the strength of the new DuPont that we’re creating going forward.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so obviously, ethylene was a benefit in the quarter. I think if you take that out, I think their volumes would have been up 3% to 4% in the balance of those businesses benefitting from stronger automotive in United States and Asia, certainly Europe and Latin America won’t any help in the automative market. But I mean I think the important part there is looks really seeing the benefits from the application development, the innovation centers that we put in a few years ago and the real benefits we’re seeing at the customer in the polymers and not only the performance polymers, but also in the Packaging and Industrial Polymer series.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, PJ, so I mean that’s very much depended on the sector and on the competitive nature where our – for selling in Europe and you have European competitors, so a little harder to get price that it is if you are selling in Europe against U.S. or Asian based competitors. So I mean, I think the interesting thing is that based on the fourth quarter. Our teams have gone out and reinvigorated the pricing analysis down based on the currency change and each individual product line, each individual precedent is driving the appropriate actions for their sector based on that, where we make versus where the competitors make and you can do the math balance if they were that comes out. So there are opportunities and there are headwinds in that. And I think the most important thing is that our people are on top of it and really driving that. But at the end of the day, our major focus is still on value news, it still on the innovation and as a differentiator and we continue to use that. I mean I think you see that in ag with the positive pricing in a very difficult ag environment where the pipeline and the new products are giving us benefit even when the acres are down. So this is a detail orientation out in the field to really drive the best results.
Ellen Kullman: Well, bioactives really aren’t impacted by the price of oil. And that’s where tremendous amount of growth and opportunity are coming from. We see it in the animal nutrition area, we see it in the human nutrition area, we see it in even in ethanol, we’re increases in gasoline are really continuing to drive opportunities there. So bioactives remained strong. Now, in the biomaterial specifically Sorona margins are pressured by oil, because lower feedstock cost for competing carpet fibers. And so you are seeing that in their results and that there are some headwinds associated with that. And Silastic ethanol well, that’s just coming up the plans coming up this quarter and you know we’re just continuing to drive that. So overall the bio-accessory which is really were tremendous amount of opportunity is, there is no headwinds from an oil stand point.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I’m sorry seep crop protections. Crop protections split you know a crop protections are sales what is impacted Pioneer’s were they get little better from that standpoint, so plus or minus around that decline is Pioneer’s are little above and crops are little below. But lot of that going out to play out the season is not over yet there’s still a lot of opportunity coming through North America and the second quarter again prepared for summer to springing seasons in Brazil. So what time left in this season for this year and we’re really excited about the products and the progress that we are making.
Ellen Kullman: I think that’s correct. It really depend on the pest pressure and as we come through the season so, Jim similar comments.
Jim Borel: I think it is little too early to try to predict share, but we’re very confident about the competitiveness in corn and soybean products and as well as the services that we’re bringing to growers. In corn, we’re continuing to strengthen our triple stack portfolio and expected to make progress in 2015. So a little too early to predict share, but overall we feel good about our competitors.
Jim Borel: Yes, I think – for certain currency and the other thing is volume based on corn acre, planted acre declines that are expected and we also saw insecticide volumes down based on the lower pressure of [indiscernible] inBrazil versus a year ago and so, mix had a negative impact – slightly negative impact on margin in addition to the currency and volume, thanks.
Jim Borel: Yes. Well, a number of aspects. So first of all farmers are obviously scrutinizing pretty closely there all of their input purchases. But that said as Ellen said as we deliver more value to the farmer whatever the commodity price that’s reflected in, we can kept the part of that value. So we’re continuing to move forward there you ask about costs we – if I go back to the fresh start work that we work across corporately obviously the ag businesses where part of that. So we’ve really been working on streamlining the operating model, productivity as a way lives over constantly looking for ways to improve productivity to speed up operations and focus our cost. U.S. that little bit have that might impact R&D investments, I think the way I would describe that is, we’re fully fund in this strategic research projects that are going to drive the pipeline and the future value continue as you normally would making sure that we’re really focused on the most important opportunities. So R&D investment will continue strongly, particularly in the most important projects.
Jim Borel: Yes, first of all you are right. It will depend on pest pressure, we are positioned very well and we are continuing to expand soyas appear countries around the world, is that most of the launch where we’re starting to move [indiscernible] fungicide forward so crop protections and seed treatments in a number of countries so crop protections pipeline continues to be a really important part of their growth and away from continuing to strengthen margins overtime.
Jim Borel: Yes, this time in the season its almost possible to say and farmers are really just get in the filed early stages, it’s going to depend on what happens with the weather over the next couple of weeks and what actually goes in the ground. What the final acres will be, so we don’t have any better information than what you heard.
