Ellen J. Kullman: Great. Thank you, Karen. So as we look ahead to 2012, we expect modest sales growth and reaffirmed our earnings outlook for 7% to 12% growth. After a challenging fourth quarter, we anticipate conditions will improve in many of our industrial businesses as the year plays out.  Our growth outlook varies by region and by business. We see Asia demand recovering from the slowdown we saw on the fourth quarter. We continue to expect slow, sequential recovery in the U.S. and weak demand in many European markets. We're poised for a very strong year ahead in Agriculture. Our order books for seeds is at a historic pace, it's ahead of last year and consistent with our expectations for strong underlying growth. In crop protection, product expansions will contribute to 2012 results.  We have an important milestone with the initial launch of Cyazypyr in the second half, which, over time, when coupled with Rynaxypyr, we expect to hit $1 billion in sales. With respect to TiO2, we expect markets to tighten by midyear, with the North American economy supporting a coating season comparable to last year, along with restocking of the value chain in Asia. For the full year, we expect TiO2 sales volume to meet or exceed 2011 levels.  Our expectation for company volume in the first quarter are cautious. We expect volumes for many of our industrial businesses to be up sequentially versus the fourth quarter but down year-over-year against strong comps in the first quarter of 2011. At this point, many of our supply chain inventories are low, and we expect demand to pick up slowly, starting late in the first quarter or early in the second quarter.  One exception where destocking continues in the first quarter is photovoltaics. We're seeing some positive signs that production will pick up again by midyear and expect PV installations to grow about 10% this year.  At today's exchange rates, currency will be a headwind for our businesses, and Nick mentioned this. We have the entire year ahead of us to manage contingency to compensate.  We'll continue to be disciplined in our execution, whether it's in the advancement of one of our R&D pipelines, a customer collaboration at one of our innovation centers or a productivity initiative. We are well positioned for recovery in growth through differentiated offerings and a global footprint. And we look ahead with confidence in our ability to execute well and deliver growth in 2012.  Karen, back to you.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, construction was a disappointment in '11, being about flat with 2010 from a start standpoint, so -- I'm talking U.S., initially. So we're -- although if you talk to people in the marketplace, they'll tell you that the starts are going to grow this year in the U.S. maybe about 10%. I'm being very cautious about that. So I don't see very big changes from a U.S. standpoint. If you really take a look at Europe, commercial has been holding up a little bit there, but that really has -- is offering, really, no great hope in 2012. We do believe there'll be a rebound in infrastructure investment in Asia, so we'll see some positive signs out of Asia. But by and large, as I add up the world, we're not expecting much of a volume increase from construction for 2012.
Ellen J. Kullman: Sure. The first part of the question, I would maybe upgrade your language, Jeff. I would suggest that it's a good business at the depth of it, and it's a fantastic business at the peak. And over the cycle, we get very strong segment returns for this business. And that's driven by our competitive advantage from our manufacturing process technology. And as you see, it isn't just a great cash generator for us. So when you have a pure cyclical commodity and at the depths of the cycle, you're still making a great return for the company, it is worthy of investment. And so that's where it hits. The other thing is we haven't put a new line, a major line into that business. The last one that opened up was in Kuan Yin in Taiwan, and that was 1994, maybe. And so it's been a while and -- from that standpoint. On PV, we've seen, obviously, the metal pass-through. If you take that away, it's all about the efficiency of the cell and what it delivers. We were seeing PV module prices come down as commensurate with the increases in efficiency in the modules themselves. And that's when you saw some of the support from some of the governments kind of go away. The economics largely remain the same. The margins are holding. And I do believe it's because things like army Solamet paste, which offers higher efficiency, enables that equation to work.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, thank you for the recognition of the great season that we had last year, especially in Latin America, where we made great progress. Are you talking about North America planting, Mark, or are you talking about Latin America? Oh, you're talking about the drought. Must be Latin America then because you're silent. I think that we've seen great penetration with -- especially in Brazil corn. Depending on what they have, obviously, our product position will adjust accordingly. And I think if you look at North American planting, they're going to take that into consideration. We have the new AQUAmax technology out in 2012. We're very excited about what that means. It looks like it's about a 5-bushel per unit positive on the impact. So we're very excited about that. But the current corn soy prices these days does favor corn. So there's a lot that's going on in the marketplace and a lot to take into account. With our product portfolio, that Right Product, Right Acre and what we've done, I think that if there is drought in the region, we'll be able to handle it.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think that we're going to see, sequentially, improvements in volume, led by North America. I think the fundamentals there will speak to a environment that will allow us to continue some of the momentum we've seen, maybe go sideways a little bit. But I don't think that there's going to be a negative repercussion there. So Investor Day, we talked about Performance Chemicals margins, near-term projected at 22% to 24%. Maybe in '12, they'll be flat between that volume and price trade-off. But I think it will depend on how the year plays out. As lunar new year completes and Asia gets back to work in a few weeks, I think we're going to see a lot about what's going to happen, not only in TiO2 but in other industries as well.
Ellen J. Kullman: I think if you take a look at the current currency projections, especially in the first half of the year where we do a majority of our business, that that's entirely reflective of that currency -- our operating, if you look at a local currency basis, our operating results are going to be absolutely solid. So we'll be sharing more on that as we go out, but we wanted to give you the current look. Volume's going to be up, price is going to be up, currency is going to be a headwind.
Ellen J. Kullman: Boy, we did have a tremendous run in Latin America. If you look at our seed business, our market shares, 2010 season was 27%, and while the hectares are fine, we're positive that we're going to see some growth there. But we'll wait until the hectares come in to really -- to look at that. Latin America itself, ag was up 40%, and our total sales for the company were up 17%. So you can see the real impact that Agriculture has had on Latin America. So we're very bullish on it. I think, really, exporting our Right Product, Right Acre or hectare strategy to Latin America, I think getting very close to the customers down there has been a huge benefit in our penetration. We've seen it in Brazil, we've seen it in Argentina, and I think we'll continue to -- Latin America will continue to be a very important sector for us.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, on TiO2, the market fundamentals are supportive in the environment. We don't normally talk about price payment, but I'll just give you an example, though, of the mood in the marketplace, is that customers who historically only purchase on a quarterly basis are now looking for long-term relationships and security of supply. And I think that in itself gives -- reinforces the market fundamentals that I've been talking about.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, Kevin. Thanks for the question. If you take a look at Asia Pacific, it's really a tale of what we've been seeing in Electronics & Communications and in TiO2 and polymers. So, I mean, those 3 businesses really saw tremendous destocking in the fourth quarter, and we've talked about that. Ag & Nutrition & Health continued to have very strong quarters in Asia Pacific. And we're -- we, like everyone else, are kind of waiting to see what happens after the Chinese new year, which started yesterday, I guess. Sequentially, if you take a look at GDP in China, for instance, it's gone from 9% to 8%, 8% still pretty good if you look around the world. If you look at auto builds in 2012, they're going to have a slow start to the year, probably down in the first quarter, but all in all, auto builds for the year in China are going to be up 7%. And then -- so we do see that it's going to probably, because of the lunar new year, because of the uncertainty in the supply chain -- we're starting with very little inventory, though, in most of these areas. And so I think that bodes well to an improving picture, but sequentially, I think you'll see that play out month-by-month.
Ellen J. Kullman: So our order book's ahead of last year, and it's really aligned with our growth targets, prepays versus whatever, I don't have that breakdown. But I think it's been really -- the best predicter that we have of the season is that order book, and it's full. In Brazil, our corn sales were up 55%, x currency. So we had a very, very strong season. So whether some people maybe -- I don't know. But we had a phenomenally strong season, a tremendous position there. So we here -- I don't think we have any issues with supply. We've gone out. Our direct-to-farmer model enables us to be very specific with what the needs are. And Nick talked about the winter production and things like that we're doing to assure that we have adequate supply. So we think that the season will work through just great.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, I think that part of -- I did think it was destocking in markets. If you look at our volume number alone, down 10%, that was what changed appreciably from when we talked about -- talked to you at the end of the third quarter to the December timeframe, so -- but it wasn't macros. I mean, our economist will tell you that the GDP growth is there, but the supply chains are destocking. It's -- conservatism just reigned. And so we came out in December, gave you the best knowledge of what we thought would happen. Yes, tax certainly was an issue, but we understood that. We understood that we got the R&D credit, 100% of it in the fourth quarter in '10, and we've been accruing that all year in 2011. So the mix of business was a little different, so maybe that was a couple of cents off from a tax rate impact. But all in all, I would suggest the reason we did come out and talk to you in December was volume.
Ellen J. Kullman: So global builds were reduced from 6% to 4% in the last 6 weeks. A lot of that came out of Europe, where Europe is expected to -- build to be down 8% for the year and down even more than that in the first quarter, down 11% in the first quarter. And so, yes, there a little bit of changes, but I think the majority of the impact was really the outlook around Europe. And China was down maybe, I don't know, 8%, 9% to 7%, but it's still noisy. And this is all third-party data, and they update it monthly. And we've looked at that versus our book of business, so. Second question was around coatings. I think that they finished the year well. Our pricing in terms of the products that we're delivering and the differentiation, the pricing was well seen. We had a little volume decline in the fourth quarter based on some refinish destocking that we've seen. But all in all, I think they had a solid year. Their productivity plans continue to deliver on those, and I think that they're in an improving environment. So they're gaining some momentum. So thank you, all. Great to talk to you today, and we look forward to catching up with you soon.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Sure. So as you mentioned, pharma was at about $290 million for the year. In 2012, we're anticipating pharma to contribute about $50 million of pretax earnings. When you think about what's going on from the patent side, Japan comes off in December -- came off December in 2011. And that's nearly half of the pharma impact that we saw this year. So you can see the reason for the decline going down to $50 million is because of Japan that came off in December. And Canada's going to be coming off this month. So between the 2 of those, that's the primary reason for going down to the $50 million we anticipate in '12.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: So a lot of things are moving, and that's why I say even with those headwinds that we talked about, Duffy, it'd be too soon in the year to make any kind of a change in our guidance on our outlook. So that's why we're reaffirming. When you think about the pension piece, we had talked to you about $250 million of headwinds year-over-year in 2012 versus that in '11. That's going to be about where it's coming out, maybe just slightly better than that. But on a cents per share basis, it's going to hold about the same. On a dilution basis, on an EPS basis, number of shares, I think the work we've been doing in that area is pretty evident in the fourth quarter. We bought back $0.25 million first quarter of '11, we bought back another $0.25 million in the third quarter. Another quarter -- so if you look over a period of time there, we brought -- bought back close to $1 billion worth of shares, which is looking to control the dilution over that 18-month period. And we'll continue to -- that practice as we go forward. As you know, we have plans in place that have already been authorized by the board, $2 billion in the newest, which was authorized in 2011, and we still have $100 million from the prior plan available to us. So we'll continue to do buybacks to deal with dilution from a compensation perspective that might occur.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Sure. So Andy, when you look at input costs on ag and you look at the fact that the commodity market and the dynamics that we've seen there, the '11 cost impact on '12 sales is going to be there. It's going to be a higher cost for us. Couple that with weather problems that occurred in 2011, again, that would impact 2012 costs. However, the work we do around the innovation, the value we're bringing to the marketplace, we believe, will allow us to maintain our plan and the growth that we're projecting from an earnings perspective. And so we feel very confident around our pricing capabilities relation to that increase in cost that we're anticipating in 2012.
