Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide six, we closed the year with another strong quarterly financial performance. Dow's reported sales in the quarter were $13 billion. Excluding acquisitions, sales grew in nearly all segments, as volume rose 3% and pricing was flat. We reported operating earnings per share of $0.99. Notably, our fourth quarter performance was the highest EPS result of 2016 and in fact our highest fourth quarter in a decade. You will see that our GAAP EPS was primarily impacted by a charge for asbestos-related matters, which was largely due to a voluntary accounting change to accrue for defense costs that were previously expensed as incurred. This change reflects our adoption of common practice as well as our confidence in the improved processes and systems we put in place two years ago to better predict these costs. It also accrues for pending and potential future claims through the terminal date, which drives less volatility in the accrual level. Equally important, these moves provide an increased level of financial transparency through better visibility into our underlying performance. Our record EBITDA of $2.6 billion in the quarter was driven by strong performance in our downstream segment. Consumer Solutions set an all-time quarterly EBITDA record and Infrastructure Solutions and Agricultural Sciences both set fourth quarter EBITDA records. We also continued our focus on productivity and cost out, delivering $60 million in the quarter. And we delivered $1.9 billion of cash flow from operations. Finally, we continued to see the powerful contribution from Dow Corning in the quarter in both our Consumer Solutions and Infrastructure Solutions segments. I'm very pleased with the rapid progress we've made in just seven short months since closing this transaction. Our teams continue to surpass every target set for this integration. On the cost side, we exited the quarter with a cost synergy run rate of more than $360 million. This is more than three times our year-end target and puts us well ahead of schedule to achieve our two-year run rate target of $400 million. It also speaks to the focused and rapid implementation mindset that our teams have taken since day one. On the growth side, we continue to see early cross-selling wins and customer excitement continues to increase as they see the value of our integrated portfolio with silicones, which allows us to go deeper in our key end markets of infrastructure, consumer care, and transportation. Turning to slide eight and our business results, Ag Sciences reported record fourth quarter and full year EBITDA, driven by sales gains from price and volume growth, as well as sales of new Crop Protection technologies, currency improvements, and self-help actions. We've said for years that innovation has always been the centerpiece of our Dow AgroSciences business, and even in this down ag market, we continue to advance our novel technologies. For example, we recently received notification from the EPA that it has federally registered Enlist Duo herbicide for use on Enlist cotton. Additionally, the EPA has now extended the geography for the product from 15 to now 34 states, which covers the vast majority of cotton, corn, and soybean acres in the United States. This marks the full system approval of the Enlist cotton trait, which will now be available this spring. And in 2017, we will launch and ramp several more Crop Protection technologies. Isoclast insecticide will ramp in the U.S., Japan, Korea, and Latin America. We will launch Arylex herbicide in Europe, Canada, and Australia. And we will pursue line extensions such as Resicore herbicide in the U.S. and Strongarm herbicide in Latin America. You can expect innovation to remain front and center in Dow AgroSciences. Now, let me turn it over to Jim to cover the rest of our segments.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, good morning, Jeff. Look, I mean on pension, what you're seeing there on the balance sheet is really just a year-end mark-to-market true-up for the full year. When you think about it on a go-forward basis, our pension would get to be fully funded with less than a 200 basis point increase in rates, which you could expect in the next several years. I'm not going to call exactly when. On a pension expense standpoint for 2017, you should expect about a $450 million expense for the full year, and then actually, our cash contributions for pension in 2017 should be about $150 million lower 2017 versus 2016, so that will be a cash flow tailwind going into 2017 sequentially. In terms of CapEx, we had a target in 2016 of $3.9 billion. We actually did $100 million better than that. We spent $3.8 billion. About 2/3 of that was on growth. And you're exactly right. As those CapEx projects start to roll off into operations, our CapEx for 2017 will be down. For modeling purposes, I would use a $3.4 billion number, so about a $400 million decrease from 2016.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, so look, equity earnings were up over $100 million versus the same quarter last year. And really, a few key drivers are our Kuwait JVs did very well. Our Thai JVs did very well. Sadara was actually in line with our modeling guidance, but it was a headwind year-on-year. And you're right, Jonas, Hemlock had a seasonally strong fourth quarter. It was a combination of just continued improvement in polycrystalline prices, good demand, but then there was a little bit of lumpy revenue in there for some of the deferred contracts. So, all of that is not recurring.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, look. Thanks a lot for the question. When I look at the fourth quarter from an ag perspective, the Dow AgroSciences team did an exceptional job of delivering year-on-year earnings growth in a tough market. When I look out to the first quarter, look, the highly competitive pricing environment is going to continue. Crop commodity prices remain below historical averages, as you know, and farmer profitability remains under pressure. What I would say is you should expect to see the same thing in 2017 that you saw from the Dow AgroSciences team in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Record fourth quarter EBITDA, record full year EBITDA. It's about innovation and bringing new molecules, specifically Isoclast and Arylex to market with the full Enlist cotton launch. That's going to be additive. We've got product line extensions in our herbicides and insecticides, and then continued self help. So we feel really good about Dow AgroSciences' ability to outperform in what is likely to be another tough year for the Ag sector.
Howard I. Ungerleider: The answer to the last question is a short yes, Duffy, on the 2018 launch. Look, relative to Enlist, we feel really good about the technology. As you know, we've had great success with our Farm Forward trials in corn. We've got a stewarded launch now in corn. We're going to do a full launch of Enlist cotton now that we've got the trait and the herbicide registered. You heard in the prepared remarks that we now have 34 states that have approved the full package. So we feel very good about Enlist, and relative to the competitive set when you think about the lower drift and the lower volatility of our technology, we've had overwhelming positive feedback from all the farmers.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim, and if everyone can turn to slide 14 and turning to our outlook, where we are seeing early signs of positive momentum with the U.S. in expansionary mode, driven by ongoing strength of the consumer and the tailwind of the new incoming Trump administration, which really has articulated a focus on structural reforms in several areas, including competitive taxes, smart regulation and fair trade rules. As you know, I met with the President and his team earlier this week and I'm honored to be serving a leadership role in working closely with the administration to create a vibrant U.S. manufacturing sector through a robust action agenda with focus on near-term actionable plans. Europe continues its gradual recovery despite increasing political uncertainty. Sustained growth of Asia's middle class continues to drive demand through that region and we see improvement in Latin America from its low base. We expect demand for Dow's portfolio will continue to be strong in 2017, particularly in our downstream market-facing businesses. With our broad geographic reach, our unique innovations, and integration strength, we will see stronger growth in a world that has begun to exhibit stronger growth in the last few years. And finally, with consumers increasingly demanding Dow's products, our strategic investments are well timed to deliver the next layers of earnings and cash flow generation. Sadara will continue ramping through 2017 to meet growth in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, India and Eastern Europe. Dow Corning adds new market channels and a technology tool kit that enhances our core Materials Sciences businesses. And the U.S. Gulf projects bolster our Performance Plastics franchise in the Americas with the industry's broadest and most differentiated derivative slate. Turning to slide 15, taking a high view and elevating from the near-term outlook, what you have seen from Dow is that it is the consistency and agility of our business model that has proven time and again to be the key driver of our consistent outperformance versus our peers in the market, no matter what the macros throw at us. This business model was reviewed and reaffirmed by our board and executive management team in 2013 and we've been executing against it with a relentless focus on specific goals. Grow earnings, significantly tilt our portfolio toward attractive, consumer-driven end markets, upgrade the quality of our business by divesting low ROC non-strategic assets, drive a culture of continuous productivity, enhance our portfolio with high-quality complementary market-focused businesses, such as Dow Corning silicones franchise, and execute integration and innovation investments to capture growth for the future. When we set out on this path, we knew that our success would ultimately be reflected in the value we unlocked for our shareholders and our success is evident, not just this quarter, not just this year, but for these last four years. The results of our actions are clear and they're powerful. Speaking in specifics, our portfolio is now 60% driven by consumer-led markets. We've delivered a 7% EBITDA CAGR since 2012 and have seen our average margin improve 700 basis points over that timeframe. We've grown EPS at an 18% CAGR, nearly double our 10% target. We've returned more than $16 billion of cash to our owners and our TSR has outperformed the S&P 500 and the S&P Chemicals Index on a one-year, three-year and five-year basis. And as we close the fourth year of executing this growth roadmap, we have positioned the portfolio with our mantra being to deliver stable EPS and EBITDA growth across all market conditions. Looking forward, the Dow team remains focused on continuing this path of execution, growth and shareholder returns. Turning to slide 16, this brings me to our 2017 priorities, which are clear and well defined. One, deliver on our operating and financial plan. Two, close the DowDuPont merger, which we expect will occur in the first half of 2017 and quickly drive toward the intended spins. And three, capitalize on our growth investments; U.S. Gulf Coast, Sadara, Dow Corning and our innovation pipeline. Dow has never been better positioned to win for our shareholders, our customers and our employees. The task is clear, and we have the right strategy, the right portfolio and the right team. We will deliver. With that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, thank you, Frank. Look, the long pole in the tent has always been the EC clearance, EU clearance. And they are obviously very public as they go through their various milestones. That's very different to other agencies around the world. And we've got clearance in significant number, double-digit number of agencies around the world. But the DOJ or the U.S. and the Chinese MOFCOM are being paralleled with the EC. So we have teams working on that. They don't have the publicity. I was in China just last week, and we are confident that as we saw the EC regulatory issues, and as Ed said on his call, we're confident we can solve them. We're confident that we can get to the right answer that satisfies their innovation remedy request, which, as he said, was speaking to R&D capability of whatever we end up divesting. We believe we can find that sweet spot. And once we've done that, the others will fall in. But we certainly do believe, as he said, and we reaffirm, and there's no dialog between the two companies. We're working hand in glove on this. We clearly can see that this could be a Q2 close, and we understand that.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Steve, see, that's way too much detail than I'm going to offer you in terms of an answer, but I can give you a high level view that, as Ed said, this is focused in on crop protection, and it's really focused in on discovery. So, when we sit in front of them and talk through what the two companies bring to the table on discovery and product development, the innovation thesis gets tackled pretty fast, because we're both innovators and we'll become even better innovators when we're together. And so what they really are asking about is towards the third point you made, which is they want to make sure that whatever comes out of this, that we don't have less innovation. That's their innovation thesis. There are points of agreement and points of disagreement, but we're converging. We're converging on points of agreement and disagreement, and I'm very confident with this 10-day extension, we're going to get to an outcome that satisfies all shareholders and of course the regulatory authorities.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, and don't forget, we've been bringing up Sadara polyethylene all through the year and that's been well placed and prices have filled out very nicely, thank you very much. So, the big new capacity coming on includes us and we're not seeing any weakness in the chain. I think we've always said, the ethylene, shape of the ethylene curve this time around is more a plateau than peak and valley. And so, we're seeing it mostly because of these delays that Jim referenced.
Andrew N. Liveris: I think the board of our company, as well as, of course, the board of DuPont, which I can't speak for, but certainly, the two companies actually have had at least two sessions together, are being very, very, very mindful of regulatory approval as being the sine qua non gate for all the questions you just asked. So we are very ready, both in terms of board deployment and executive management deployment, and right now we have nothing new to announce in terms of changes to timing other than the focus I just mentioned. We'll close, and then we'll be out of the gate, actually, running start already on synergies, deliver the synergies and get the 18-month timeline on spin. And actually, we are very driven, Ed and I and our teams, to actually once we stage-gate regulatory, to spend meaningful time on even that 18 month to spin. We know that the market is expecting these three companies, and to be formed in the most competitive way possible, which means front-loading the synergies. We have delivered a synergy plan to our boards that front-loads the synergies so that we can get the extraction of value by being together, while at the same time prepping everyone, boards, executive management, to be ready to run the new enterprises. I'm very committed to delivering all of that for our board, and at the right moment, we'll have the appropriate announcements on anything else.
Andrew N. Liveris: All right, Peter, thank you. Good morning. Look, one of the benefits of taking a little longer to get this closed is the two teams have been working together now for a fairly long time, since December of 2015. And as the year progressed last year, we had what, Jim, over 800 people deployed from the two companies working together on granular detail. And our confidence in each other has been increasing and increasing and increasing, from Ed and I, all the way through our teams, Jim and his counterpart, Howard and his counterpart. And the executive managements, of course, we're obviously the drivers of getting all of this done, but I'm very impressed with the quality of the people that we are working together with. We've had mutual town halls. Ed's been to some of our soon-to-be SpecCo sites and ag sites. We've been there together in a couple of instances. I think, Jim, next week we have a few more of those where we'll be going to Performance Materials sites from DuPont, and we'll be talking with our people. We clearly understand the uncertainty cloud that basically goes with a long delay to close, but we have not let that be an excuse, to answer your question. We will execute in an execution culture, and we are very pleased to see the strength of DuPont's results this last year or so. They've been tremendous. They've been outperforming. I think we've been doing the same as we establish our records. So, two performance cultures coming together should be synergistic to more than two.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, thank you. Appreciate the question, Kevin, and certainly this is not only topic du jour, but it's real-time, right? So we're five or six days into this new administration and clearly the privilege I have, as I said on the call, that I've been asked to lead this Manufacturing Advisory Group, which as you know it was his first meeting on Monday morning. And so, the President is very serious, as is his team, in around the five or six pillars of competitiveness that gets some air time in the press. But certainly the specificity of your question starts to point directionally to some solution space topic. So, starting in no particular order, the regulatory reform one is the one I'm most excited about, because he's asking lots of questions about to all the sectors that are in front of him, inclusive of the autos that have had another bite at the apple on Tuesday. The regulatory costs on manufacturers in the country per employee, almost $20,000 per employee cost of federal regulations. That compares to just short of $10,000 per employee by all firms as a whole. So, manufacturers bid two times the federal regulatory costs than do all other companies. So the manufacturers have specific statements on the sorts of regs that have been coming out, especially these last eight years, that have really crippled us in terms of locating factories in the United States despite a decent growing U.S. market. So that speaks to imminency. I believe 30 days, 60 days you're going to see decisions from the administration that start to lift some of these regulatory burdens, I think a lot of that can be done through executive orders. So that's topic one. Topic two, anything to do with tax reform is built into what's going on with the blueprint out of the House, and the Senate, and the Ryan Plan. But in addition, the President's got some specific statements and views on, in particular, the border tax. He has some views on border tax, the Ryan Plan speaks to border adjustment tax. The border adjustment tax, which is your question, will be, for us, a big positive. We're a big exporter out of the United States. That will immediately accrue to our bottom line as a significant tax advantage for us. And so, frankly, we're quite big supporters of it, but different sectors are not and so there is a lot between here and enactment of something like that. Certainly, punitive measures as it relates to border tax specific to certain sectors or certain companies, that's not the agenda that's going to be driven here. Bilateral trade will be, and putting in place bilateral trade agreements that speak to border adjustment tax per the Ryan Plan. We're big proponents for what you're going to see. There will be something on the loss side of that. There will be stuff that we lose in terms of depreciation assets and claiming those, maybe a little bit on the R&D side. So we're going to have to watch all of that, but we have a seat at the table and we'll be definitely very, very vocal on some of those things. And then, not taking too much more time on the call, on infrastructure, we'll be a big beneficiary. Increases on investment here in the United States. And infrastructure, many of the businesses in the Infrastructure Solutions business will benefit from that. Building & Construction business, the Coatings business, those are all going to be beneficiaries of more spend here in the U.S. And then, energy policy. As we move through energy policy that takes off regulations. I mean, the Keystone Pipeline decision alone is a big positive for us and we've got certain things we can now go do that actually unlock more supply side, take out the cost of supply. And then, on top of that, help us, if you like, look at expansion opportunities against the shale gas opportunity for our businesses here in the U.S. But, all of that has to be taken through the Department of Energy and the work will be done there, especially as it relates to the climate change agenda, which will also be on the table. I don't have enough time to go through it all, but just to give you some flavor of the topics that are being discussed as recent as this week.
Andrew N. Liveris: There's a lot that can be said in final remarks, but you've got to home in on 2016 as another record year, seminal year for The Dow Chemical Company. The portfolio we've put in place these last many years as we shed low cost – I'm sorry, commodity-oriented, low ROC businesses that have been part of our commodity portfolio for more than a dozen years. We've been shedding those and replacing them with high value IROC businesses. And you can see we're a portfolio for all seasons. We literally are firing on all cylinders. There's no question that our self-help programs, and productivity, and our innovation agenda, our integration investments that Jim talked about as it relates to the feedstock flexibility, have enabled us to set record EBITDA margins, record EBITDA. And as we exit the quarter, in fourth quarter we exited with momentum. Just volume of growth alone, 13 straight quarters, is impressive and amazing, but think about China number. We grew 27% year-on-year in China in the fourth quarter. Everyone is bemoaning what's going on in China. We've got an expansion strategy in China that's going to all of the geographies of China, opening up offices, and we're the first there and selling products to the tune of the volume growth that I just mentioned. And that's without acquisition numbers. With acquisition numbers, our volume in China grew 56%. So we are really growing where growth is. In addition, we are a cash story. The cash we're returning to our shareholders, the cash flow that's being generated. Remember, we've had the headwind of investments these last many years. And as Don Carson said in his question, as your CapEx starts coming down, as we go down the CapEx cycle, as we release more cash from these new capacities coming on at about the right time, then that will add just more and more cash that we can deliver to all of you, our shareholders. So these smart portfolio moves, this fortress balance sheet we've created, this focus on shareholder return, the record dividend we're at, and the record share price, if I can close on that thought, is to reward you, our shareholders. And 2017 will be yet again another breakout year for Dow as we move towards closing the merger.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, I would say the confidence number is very high. The team, through the end of third quarter, had documented more than 380 integration synergy projects, so we have a good view to what we need to do once we get to close. Obviously, many of those can't be implemented until we get to close, but as Andrew said, whatever we can accelerate in the near-term, we're trying to accelerate independently. A good example of that would be as the DowDuPont approval is extended, we really shifted some resources internally to go heavy on what we could do with Dow Corning to accelerate that integration, and you see that in this quarter's results. And that has allowed us to get some things done earlier than we expected on Dow Corning, and those resources will now be available once we close the DowDuPont deal to move forward.
James R. Fitterling: Texas-9 is on track. I was down there two weeks ago. We've crossed 95% mechanical completion, and greater than 50% of the unit operations inside that plant are already into commissioning and startup, and we're turning over units every week. It's really, really coming together strong. PDH, after our early part of the year incidents as PDH, it ran very strong. It ran at nameplate for most of the rest of the year, and so it continues to be able to deliver the capabilities that we said. And obviously, the limit of that is the propane, propylene instantaneous market spreads, which right now continue to be pretty good. So we're in good shape on both of those.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, I'd say, Jeff, don't forget that we still have four world scale plastics plants that are being finished and that will come on sequentially with the cracker – a couple of them with the cracker and then a couple more as the year progresses. So we've got to finish that CapEx spend too.
James R. Fitterling: David, if anything, the ethylene chain looks like it's staying where it is in terms of operating rate, if not tightening up as we move into the year. We've already seen geographically we've seen some tightening in Asia Pacific and we know that things are going to balance a little bit in North America as we move through the year. There are a couple of plastics plants that will get completed this year. There's been really some length in ethylene in North America as the incremental debottlenecks on the ethylene side and people back integrating themselves have freed up some merchant ethylene. I think through the year, most of that's going to dry up and you're going to start to see ethylene strengthen in North America. And Europe has been balanced and is staying steady and I'd say the growth outlooks for Europe are nice steady increases and it's going to be constructive as we believe oil will be constructive through the year.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, thank you, Christopher, for the question. It was a very strong year in the United States in auto builds, and SUVs, and light truck builders. It was in Europe and we saw growth coming back at the end of the year in China. China was relatively strong. Some question as you go forward in terms of what the tax credit reduction will do in China. Our expectation is flat with 2016 in China. Europe and U.S. probably up slightly 1%. At the end of the year, we watched very closely on auto builds for inventories with sedans, primarily, and what happened there. But actually, the sedans moved out relatively well with some increased rebates, and so the businesses plateaued to slower growth but at a very, very high level. And surprisingly to the positive, we saw an uptick in Brazil in the fourth quarter and that's the first uptick we've seen there and I'm going to guess three years. So, I think, all in all, a very strong market. Our content, I mentioned on the call we're growing at about four times the rate of the industry average. That's really driven by the amount of use for crash-durable adhesives as it goes into higher performing vehicles, SUVs, crossovers, the light duty vehicles, trucks and that really feeds to our sweet spot. So we're continuing to innovate to grow that content per vehicle.
James R. Fitterling: And, John, I would say we haven't released regional targets for the synergies. We do have regional targets and we do have regional teams that will implement those. I don't see anything so far that would change what we're looking to do from a regional basis. A lot of the integration is not driven around our capacity as a growth model. So it's meant for growth. More of it was driven towards back office efficiencies and productivity, but we'll keep an eye to that as that landscape changes.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Vincent. Our view is still the same in the long-term for 2017, that there's plenty of ethane to run the crackers to the forecast period even with the exports and the new crackers that are coming on. And if anything, U.S. propane is going to be continuing to lengthen. It's going to take an awful lot of propane export to balance this market, we think. We think the length in propane is going to continue as we projected. As we sit here right now, in the short-term, there's been some move of ethane back into rejection, which I would say I believe is a Q1 phenomenon and I think it's going to sort itself out over the next few weeks. I think it's really related to Mont Belvieu storage and a little bit of logistical capabilities. Once that sorts itself out, we think it will move back to normal. Crack spreads for ethane, we're moving up towards $0.70 a million Btu. They've now gone back toward rejection. Our long-term look was they were going to be $0.70 a million Btu to $1 a million Btu in this year.
James R. Fitterling: Yes, and on LA-3, obviously we've increased the capability to crack ethane in LA-3, which gives us 250,000 tons more ethylene out of that unit. It raises that unit's ethane cracking capability above 80%. That unit also has a really strong propane cracking flexibility as well as naphtha. It's the most flexible unit in our fleet now and that's going to provide big advantages in Louisiana, which if anything, from time to time gets tight in that pocket.
James R. Fitterling: I would only add that polyethylene capacity has not come on in any meaningful way, so it's really constricted a little bit, the ethylene capacity. The ethylene operating rates have been high and steady at 87%, 88%, 89% for the industry, and some of us have been running stronger than that, where we've had the ability to convert the material. As you have more polyethylene capacity come on, that ethylene is going to tighten up. So I don't see this as a trough. I see it more of an adjustment to all of these increments and all of these capacity adds that are coming on over the next three years.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Aleksey, for that question. Coatings demand has been strong, and we've been continuing to expand that franchise. As we talked about last year, our attempt there is to try to take more of our monomers position and move it into downstream differentiated coatings and we're doing that, including new capacities in China, Southeast Asia. So, that's been a positive. Building & Construction, even though single family homes in the U.S. have not been strong, you've seen a lot of growth in Building & Construction in new applications, new product, LIQUIDARMOR, that was just announced last year, which is doing well for sealing gaps on commercial and new family homes. But also spray foams has taken off, both at the DIY counter inside of Lowe's, Home Depot, as well as in low pressure applications for contractors coming in and really taking buildings and retrofitting, going into the attic space, sealing them up, tightening them up. And I would say the only drag that we've had in this sector has been Energy & Water as it relates to the oil and gas sector, which we think is turning the corner. Prices are moving up in the first quarter. I think that's a strong indication of the demand growth, and I think we'll be able to maintain, and we have to always watch here, propylene is the thing that we have to watch here. Our PDH capacity gives us some flexibility, a hedge against that and that helps.
