Ed Breen: Yeah. We think the next couple of quarters or just a little bit later will be closed in China, and it's really slowness in the industrial economy in China right now, which obviously should rebound here at some point, but we're expecting that to be a little softer in the second half of the year that, by the way, that's growth that we've had in that business is double-digit growth. So we're just saying it's going to moderate some still growth, but just slower growth in the second half of the year. But as that business has done quarter in, quarter out. It grows at a pretty nice clip, and I expect this China to improve some. That growth rate will pick up also. Remember, 70% of that business is a renewable business that's steady. So I think a couple of quarters maybe a little later in China, is what we're seeing.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So just probably just back to the ICS one, that started to decline and destocking started about the middle of 2022. So it's almost been kind of 10 months that in a downturn in the first quarter, it was really one at the bottomed. And then we did see 7% sequential pickup, and we're expecting mid-single-digit pickup by the forecast we had for the third quarter. So obviously, that's starting to come nicely off the bottom. The semi 1 is the one we tempered a little more in the second half. We look like we hit the bottom in the second quarter. We're not gauging much upturn in the third quarter. Instead, we're assuming we have another quarter kind of near the bottom are just very slightly up from that. And then we think somewhere the inflection point is more in the fourth quarter, but it's hard to tell what month you actually see it. So we did pick it up a little bit in the forecast in the fourth quarter, but not significantly. So that's the thing we kind of tapped down when we gave you the guidance here today. But I think we've seen the bottom in semi, and we're seeing the lift begin in ICS now. Remember, ICS is still negative. As a way to come back still, but it was down over 20%, and we're starting to write it back. Those will still be negative in the third and fourth quarter on a year-over-year compare.
Ed Breen: Yes. I think the way to look at that, that business is consistent, it is choppy, some quarters. We have a big installation we're doing and all that. So it's not going to be every single quarter. But generally, that business grows kind of mid to high single digits pretty consistently. And this past quarter, we had even a better quarter the not on the growth rate. But again, it can be lumpy. But when you kind of smooth out the whole year, I think that's the way to look at it kind of in that 6% to 8% growth range when you smooth out the year. And look, I expect China activity will pick up. It's hard to tell if there's a little bit of excess inventory also that is part of it, but we're again expecting a couple of just lighter quarters. But I think quarters with growth in the third quarter, but just lighter than we had in the second quarter. And I think, again, it's a consistent business. And it has been since we've had it. So I don't expect it to continue to grow in that range.
Ed Breen: And then the key here is there's a replacement business that's 70% of the business. So that adds to the consistency of it.
Ed Breen: Yes. We're pretty confident we'll close it by year-end. I would just say private equity has been interested along with strategic, but I don't want to get into any more than that at this point in time. But I think we're highly confident we'll have a deal. There's been nice interest in it.
Ed Breen: Yes. John, what happened here was very typical of these bigger type of settlements that have to these class actions. If you go back and look at any of the other big ones, you always get that, I think, what you're referring to is the challenge from state AGs and all that. I don't think by what we're hearing that there's going to be a problem here we're thinking in the very near future, we get preliminary approval from the judge, and as we said in our prepared remarks, it will be about six months after that preliminary approval from the judge where we would then be finished with that and make the payment.
Ed Breen: Yes, Steve, it kind of takes four to five months on the raws to work its way through in our system and we build a customer. So some of this, we're obviously going to see now in 2024 but the procurement team has been working very aggressively and Lori and I meet with a very consistent basis because it's a big part of seeing up on 2024 for us. And by the way, Steve, just as a side note, the margins on the E&I, remember, not much of the walls were in E&I, we only raised prices 2% there. The predominant part of it is going to become in W&P. And the thing that affected the margins in E&I is really the absorption charge that we've taken. We we're going to take it again in the third quarter, we're probably going to take it in the fourth quarter, just to make sure everything is teed up for 2024, and that's affected our - or like in the third - in the second quarter that affected our margins in E&I by about 400 basis points. So without the absorption, we know we're running that business north of 30, even in a reduced volume environment. So I feel very confident you all watched us run that in a 32%, 33% EBITDA range. I'm very comfortable when I look at our math that we're in good shape there as we rebound.
Ed Breen: So very small. The one area we're going to give up some price that we forecasted in the second half of the year is in the construction-related markets. We also had to raise very significantly in those markets because of what the raws did last year. So, we've made an assumption in this forecast that we'll give up some of the pricing there. Otherwise, we're feeling pretty solid across the rest of the portfolio.
Ed Breen: I think it's mostly done destocking by the end of this third quarter. And that's talking to a couple of our key distributors and customers. One of the big box guys, by the way, was doing a rebalancing of all, their inventory by moving it around to different stores and regions. That's how we were doing it. And they're pretty much through that process. So I think the end of third quarter, we're kind of there.
Ed Breen: Yes. No, we're definitely going to take the absorption this quarter. We're in the third quarter, about $40 million and the same in the fourth quarter as our plan. So we're really getting inventory aligned up very well with demand. So we just feel it's the prudent thing to do right now. So that's what's baked into the plan that we've given here today.
Ed Breen: Yeah. By the way, we're are - we've been tensioning real good is our travel and entertainment budgets. We're trying to keep them. The salespeople are traveling the application engineers, but we're really being sure of holding people, holding management meetings all over the world and all that. So we're just being -- we've really put the word out to our team, hey, while we're in a tougher environment here will come out of it nice, but just watch anything on the discretionary side.
Ed Breen: No. No, I don't think you'll see anything obviously, the rest of this year and at least well into next year. I think, I said on the last call, a good year pause. We love where we've got the balance sheet at, as I think Lori mentioned on the call I did -- we're going to have leverage action in here somewhere around 2x. That's where we want to be. And we're in a great spot. And I don't feel like we need to do anything. So we are -- we got to where we need to be.
Ed Breen: No, it's not a candidate for divestiture. It's very core to us. We like the position we have, especially with the EV opportunity we have. And we're obviously seeing a lot of wins there, and the growth rate has been phenomenal. So we like that business. And by the way, we - I don't think we're going to make any new short-term on pulling it out of there of where we're reporting it at this point in time. We just -- we've got everything run in the way we want. So you won't see anything in the next couple of quarters.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So look, we -- there's a percent that have, I'll call it, opt in or we can walk away from the settlement. So by the way, that's a very high percentage, and we think just to get up that, that will not be a problem. Remember, a lot of these water districts have been being talked to by the plaintiff side of this. This hasn't been done in a vacuum. So, it's - they've been talked to along the way here to get to this, what I'll call it preliminary settlement. So I think shortly, as I said, we will get it approved by the judge on a preliminary basis and then you work all the opt-ins to make sure you get that done and then you have final approval once you hit that threshold. So it's really up to each of the difficulty for water districts, how they're going to handle that to clean up any PFAS that's in there. So I don't want to comment on that.
Ed Breen: Yes. It's really two things. getting the volume back, but remember a point I think I made earlier when Steve was on, the EBITDA margins ex the absorption in the second quarter were already over 30%. So the absorption is what pulling down the charge we took there to expanded to 26.6-ish number. So we know we can -- even in a softer volume environment, we're running it a little north of 30%. And as you said and I said earlier, we run this business 32%, 33% EBITDA margins. And we'll get price throughput, as the volumes continue to come back.
Ed Breen: Yeah. So our Liveo business were -- I think Lori mentioned this a little while ago in the biopharma side. We're seeing some destocking there. And I think I heard, I think, six other companies I heard in the last week would make the results that they were seeing some destocking in biopharma. In my gut is that last a couple of quarters. Just to correct that a little bit. And it was another one of those markets just like semi. I remember I was getting calls from CEOs in the healthcare business, but we need more. And I think just like semi everyone overshot, there's a little bit of a correction going on there, but I'd say that's probably the third and fourth quarter a little correction there. As Lori mentioned earlier, the spectrum numbers are kind of right on where we thought they would be. So they look like they're keyed up for the year, we thought they were going to happen in the second half of the year here. And I would expect, again, that the growth in our healthcare businesses will be above company average and certainly above GDP.
Lori Koch: Yeah. On the smartphone and broadly, the consumer electronics recovery. That was part of the revision that we had in the second half. So our original expectations on a full year basis for smartphones would be down about 1% and PCs down about 7%. We revised expectations on each of those end markets along with the industry forecast for smartphone sound to be more in the 5% range in PC is supposed to be low double digit. So - but that does embed year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. So it sounds like one more quarter of year-over-year down in the third quarter and then recovery that's worth into the more normal market and most likely setting up for a strong 2024, those markets are in maybe through the destock and returning to more of a normal demand in growth.
Lori Koch: And to Ed's comment on the lumpiness, if you put a 2 year stack on the volume, we're up high single digits every quarter. So there is lumpiness of it comments around sometimes the projects work going on. But in general, it's really strong growth for us. And there's no change in our go-forward forecast, especially with the requirements that are going on around sustainability and the access to those are the key growth drivers for us.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So that was a net headwind between price and raws. So we did increase that to about $140 million from our view of $100 million. So we have seen a step up and we expect to benefit from deflation. To remind you, it was around $800 million last year of a headwind that we saw and we've got obviously a fair bit of room to go to get all of that money back, but we're making really nice progress. Initially, a lot of the deflation is coming from the energy and logistics side. You can see what the natural gas prices have gone from the peaks that we bought in the third quarter of last year and the stabilization in the supply chain. We're seeing nice improvement in logistics. So the one piece that we're working through is just the timing of when that falls through the P&L. So we actually in the first quarter, predominantly, a little bit in the second quarter, we actually saw some headwinds from the carryover from the escalation 2022 from a P&L perspective. And as we head into the back half of the year, we'll start to see those benefits that we've been getting from a procurement perspective drop into the P&L.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So in total, it will give you about a little north of $200 million in sales at a 22% margin. It's pretty consistent across the months, so you'll take two months of it in the third quarter and then the full three months in the fourth quarter. From an EPS perspective, it's really only about $0.01 on a full year basis once you factor in the loss of the interest income from the cash that we paid for the deal. There's more of an EBITDA function versus an EPS.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we had a really strong growth within Corporate M&M. It was driven by the EV piece, which is the largest segment of it. And it's really from the EV growth in the overall Auto build growth. So Auto build were up about 16% in the second quarter, we would have posted a similar number. And we see really nice performance in the EV piece. So that's what drove the improvement year-over-year primarily.
Lori Koch: Yeah, we saw a nice improvement in inventory in the second quarter, about $80 million of a reduction. We'll look to continue to drive that down as we get into the end of the year. We had an improvement sequentially in both cash generation and cash conversion. We'll look to continue to improve that as we get into the back half of the year. Our third quarter is typically our strongest quarter for cash generation, because we don't have an interest payment which we have in the second and the fourth quarter, which we pay our annual bonus in the first quarter. So the third quarter is the clean end from that perspective. And just the notes, that I had mentioned on the script just to make sure that you caught it, we will move to a continuing ops basis presentation in cash flow. So we'll take out all the noise from the discontinued ops components, which are primarily in this year, the funding of the escrow account, which will take place at some point in the second half and then the funding of the other end-of-use items. So, we will pull that out and just kind of, focus on continuing makes fast generation.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So the three biggest items that we had mentioned, first being the water deceleration. So we see some moderation in water as we get into the back half of the year, coming off of a really strong quarter in the second quarter. We had also mentioned that we expect to have to get back some price primarily in the Shelter business within water. And then the third, probably smallest piece but something we're raising was we do see some small destocking within biopharma. So it's been pretty well telegraphed across some of the other players, and we are starting to see that a little bit within our video business and the Industrial Solution business in Shanghai.
Lori Koch: Yeah. I mean it's kind of hard to say at this point how the restocking potentially could happen in those two spaces. We would expect it to perform nicely alongside the market. The one tailwind that will happen for us in a year-over-year perspective on EBITDA, we won't have those absorption headwinds that we had in 2022. So the predominance of those absorption happens for reasons within both ICS and semis those create a tailwind for us as we head into 2023.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So the predominance of sundry is really not even in operating EBITDA it's where our interest income comes in. It's also where some gains on asset sales that don't get reported in operating EBITDA or adjusted EPS come in. So it's not really primarily related to our operating investment. There's detail in the queue when that comes out tomorrow about what all of the other specifics are. But that's not really a reflection at all of any of our efforts to control discretionary spend. From that perspective, though, we have been very aggressive on control and the discretionary spend to minimize the decrementals that we've been policing. And I think we've done a nice job doing that. So in the first half, our decrementals as reported were 40%. But if you take out the headwinds from the absorption that we've been driving to reduce inventory were more down in the mid-20s. And so that's really a reflection of the aggressive actions we've taken from both. We did a small restructuring to be able to reduce some headcount primarily in the G&A space. So we're really trying to keep R&D and marketing and sales pretty clean. And then we have been taking some reductions to our annual discretionary consultations or bonus. And so that's what you're seeing more so coming in through the R&D line that would be a use of that. And then on the SG&A line would be the small license that we took to reduce headcount as well as the discretionary spend.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So volume growth in general in Europe is about flat. I would expect a similar performance as we get into the half of the year. And it's really different and it's been the toughest for us has been Asia Pacific, which we've been highlighting this obvious dominance of it is China The price piece though it will start to wane as we get into the back half of the year. So we saw it kind of cut in half, as we went from Q1 to Q2, and then as we get into - Q3 and Q4 we really - it would be flat to slightly negative, given some of the price that we would have to give back primarily in the Shelter space that we have mentioned.
Lori Koch: I don't see any change in our go-to-market strategy for the province of its direct as we go to the customers the projects in place and we're just replacing the filter, which is where the recurring revenue rate comes from. So this is a -- as we had mentioned earlier on the call, kind of mid to high single-digit grower for us, a lot of opportunities as we go forward around the sustainability and the access to clean water.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So we as we had mentioned, we believe within ICS that we'll continue to see sequential improvement as we head into Q3. And then I mean a little bit of tentative improvement as we head into Q4. In the semi, we don't see a material bump in sequential sales until we get into the fourth quarter. But definitely, the year-over-year volume headwind. We'll start to ease and we see full year overall E&I organic growth of about 10%. And that's primarily a volume reflecting within that segment. So it's probably a little early to call what 2024 looks like. I think there's a pretty good sense that it would be positive just given that you won't have the destock going on, but even if the demand is flat, which would be hard to see. You don't have that headwind from the destock year-over-year. So we're really encouraged as we head into 2024 from the tailwind that we'll see from out only market recovery and electronics but also the lapping of the absorption headwinds that we've taken this year to control investor. And then, the further benefit from deflation as it fully run through our P&L, are kind of the key components that register.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So it will be a similar structure to the first 3.25. I guess we'll complete that within a month, and then shortly thereafter, we'll execute a $2 billion ASR. So you'll get 80% of the shares upfront, and then you'll get the 20% cleanup in the back, and it probably will take us about six months to complete that full program. It's usually about a quarter for every $1 billion of shares that you're taking now.
Lori Koch: Yeah. I mean, it's hard to say what everyone is going to do with respect to the restock after coming through such a significant destocking. So we might change their normal pattern just to get every year likewise. So probably a little too early to say what's going to happen from a restocking perspective. I'll think you probably announce year and everyone [Technical Difficulty] stabilization that's happening in the supply chain generally, everybody in that.
Lori Koch: Yeah, no update to that. We still expect $20 million. It probably will take the better part of 12 to 18 months to get $20 million out. I mean, obviously, for us, it is more of a revenue synergy opportunity as we bring the two portfolios together in verge our expertise biopharma with their expertise in medical device comes from a revenue synergy perspective.
