Ellen Kullman: I think john we’ve taken a tremendous step, a very large step towards the new DuPont with the separation of the coatings business the separation of the performance chemicals business. And then with that really taking a look at all aspect of the support to our businesses our line is our businesses that how we create value both top-line and bottom-line all the rest of us are here from a government standpoint with management or to support them so the operating model really hasn’t been recast in a while. And so we’re basically questioning and understanding every part of it and how it supports the company that DuPont will be post spin and so it’s simplification of decision making it is clarity on those rights and accountability and it’s all to drive top-line growth the innovation pipeline that time delivering the marketplace. I mean we’ve made a lot of steps in the individual business you see the performance in a nation IB and S&P and I think it’s a continuation on that. So we're very much driving that direction I’m really excited about how the organization is stepping up and see this as a real opportunity and I think that you all be pleased with the results that come from that.
Ellen Kullman: Well first why don’t Jim what don’t you touch on the ag second half and you’re viewing that and reconsidering on the other businesses.
Ellen Kullman: Yes and I think if you look across the company continued improvement in industrial production across global market automotive demand remains strong led by China and North America that certainly helps our performance polymers business, PV is also are growing and it looks like they’re going to come-in in mid-teens supporting our Electronics & Communication growth the momentum we’ve seen from industrial biosciences nutrition and health is continuing and as we enter the second half those segments are going to continue to perform there. And remember the first half results were impacted by the ethylene shutdown, low refrigerant prices, things like that that will not factored in the second half and then Fresh Start is going to add all the redesign is going to add some opportunity because while I see cost start coming out through the third and into the fourth. So when you put all that together that’s why we have the outlooks that we talked about for the third and fourth quarter.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, certainly, currency was a positive factor in developed Europe. I think it was about 4%. Performance polymers, things like that had double flow, double digits sales increases. Crop Protection, protection technologies kind of mid-teens growth, and N&H and IB both had higher single growth, so we had good growth in developed Europe. Ag outside of crop was a drag on that. Ukraine certainly had an impact there. But there was a difference between positive currency impact in developed Europe and negative currency impact in developing Europe that created some of that dichotomy there.
Ellen Kullman: Obviously that something that we continue to watch and understand but Nick wants to talk about the aspects of that.
Ellen Kullman: And let me tell you modeling and pay doesn’t show a big dislocation between what the original comp values were and where we are today, we continue to look at it. But we do believe that we can get this done mid next year it is the time line I think it’s going to be better for both companies going forward.
Ellen Kullman: Yes so, obviously you’ve seen improvement in our top-line in several other segments ag certainly is lot have been discussing it’s not going to be a little lower growth in the previous performance. If you take a look at the productivity that we continue to drive if there two enable operating leverage and hence gives us the ability to make sure that we’re returning appropriately to our shareholder I mean in the timeframe where externals are changing you just got to use every labor you have, it’s an opportunity to reset the model it’s an opportunity to start in a very thoughtful way in terms of how do you create that top-line momentum I’m very happy with the pipelines we have if you look at ag and both pioneer and crop protection, if you look at protection technology, if you look at nutrition I mean I’m really happy with the pipelines we have I think we’re starting to see results of lot of these efforts and when continue to understand that we’re on the transformation path to create a higher growth higher value company and I think we're making a lot of progress here I mean the merchant markets and what we're seeing time for penetration. So we continue to drive all aspects of the business in order to create value.
Ellen Kullman: I don’t think it will so it’s hard to know what they think when I don’t know what I don’t know right Dave I mean so we continue to, every month we continue to make progress every month as we understand what our opportunities are we’re not waiting because as we roll this out we’re learning and understanding things and we’re let just say intersections are that need to be stream line and driving them. So you might here hopefully by the end of the year and we have an update on it I’m hopeful that it will be larger than what we’re seeing today but I’m not going to be shy it’s going to be obviously north of $1 billion and we’re going to go after it very rigorously in a disciplined process. So I don’t want to kind of conjunct about what it could be. I am going to bring it out to you as we understand it and let you understand how it’s going to create real value for DuPont.
Ellen Kullman: The outage itself which was 58 days in length, it was sort of on the longer side than what we expected so that did impact the top line by a few percent in the second quarter. Obviously, we were preferred for it so that we could keep our firm customers going through that. Size ballpark it’s about what you had said. I think that’s going forward though, what I am seeing is driving growth from an application development standpoint and driving it from the standpoint of new product, new applications emerging markets. You’ve seen how well the Performance Polymers business is doing in automotive in the Europe and Asia. Food and other packaging is going well, we are in the midst of a transition there and I think that we continue to see this -- the top-line target we have for that segment is 3% to 5% and I think that’s eminently achievable.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think if you take a look at the restructuring charge that we announced in the second quarter, you will see an ag component on that, so obviously we comprehended the trend and are taking steps, not going to wait on it. Any kind of distribution of capital, we rigorously scrub based on market conditions and productivity. I am very proud of the team at Pioneer and what they have done from a productivity standpoint to get more out of their existing assets. I think the investments that we made in Latin America are servicing us very well and I think regardless of what’s happening there now, I am hopeful we will still like the Ukrainian assets overtime. It continues to be an important part of the world from an agricultural standpoint. So these are decisions that we make based on the opportunity and the reality of the marketplace. Jim I don’t know what you want to add to that.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so our M&A process continues, right. We are continuing to look in Ag and Nutrition, Industrial Biosciences and Advanced Material where there is commercial logic, where there is strategic rationale. Does it align with our priorities, our growth and what does it enable. You have often heard me talked about the fact that acquisitions have to create momentum, not bulk and add to that science portfolio and/or the penetration portfolio for instance in emergent market. It takes awhile for any deal to get completed. These aren’t things that happened quickly. So we haven’t stopped our activity there. I thing we could take a midsized one and integrated today I mean sign, pay is integrated today I think it would be very tough for us but I think as we come into the spring we’re going to have that opportunity so that’s why we’re continuing to look and understand where there could be real value created.
Ellen Kullman: No, I think it’s pretty much what you’re going to see since a lot of it is in to support functions to the businesses that you’re going to see which is going to be pretty across the board. There is going to be specific actions that we’ve asked the businesses to consider. The 8K which is out today depicts the restructuring by segments so that will help you. But for instance consolidation of production and hence creating lower cost in higher operating margin is something we’re constantly looking and doing. So I think you can see what the 8K says from the standpoint of the corporation or the corporate cost that’s pretty much across the board.
Ellen Kullman: Okay, now you are taxing my -- let's see, Nick, can you come up with that pretty quickly I think it’s higher obviously ag is much higher in Eastern Europe than Western Europe because there is not much of industrial base there. But we’ll have the IR team connect with you and see if they can get you more information there Frank.
Ellen Kullman: Thanks Frank. I just want to take an opportunity to close the call by thanking you offer your questions and reiterating our IR team is ready if any additional questions for those of you who might have not been able to get in the queue. I hope from this call you understand that for the short term we’re well positioned for strong second half and for the long-term we are actively and successfully creating value DuPont shareholders and that’s we deliver disciplined program that’s making the portfolio stronger and more focused and driving our readiness to compete as a new DuPont in 2015 and beyond. On the pick and separation effort and the redesign of the operating model are two more large steps forward. We have a clear focused plan in placed in our actively executing to get these priorities and we look forward to talking to you again in three months with our third quarter results. So thank you all.
Nick Fanandakis: Well I’m not sure I’ll stay with my earlier response we are on the path for a spin which is what I said we’re continuing down that path, we’ve always said that we would, if there was value creation greater than the spend path that we are on that we would explore any of those other value creation opportunities but the path we are on is a spin right now.
Nick Fanandakis: So Bob when you look at that obviously it’s impossible to time anything exactly at the pick so you go through the spin we're pushing and driving for closure in the mid 2015 time period. When we go through the decisions on the debt structure and the debt load in the dividend load things a lot of that is going to determine based on the projections as well where the entities are going to be going so will be downing that into the thinking around that low that’s put on those entities and then obviously as the value then is created in the market as they continue to come back out of the cycle that they’re stabilized in right now the shareholders get the benefit of that value as those increases occur.
Nick Fanandakis: Earlier on we said that cash flow from operations was going to be returning to the more normalized levels and we were projecting around $3 billion. Jeff, we’re still on track to be in that same ballpark right around that $3 billion mark from a cash flow from operations. The key variable there is obviously going to be within the ag business and the yearend collections there and the market conditions that would allow for what extend to that yearend collection would be versus payments, deferred payments later.
Jim Borel: Okay. First of all fourth quarter has continue to become more profitable overtime based on the growth of our crop protection business in Latin America particularly and then also the seeds businesses globally. Our growth in second half in ag is going to be led by crop protection you mention Cyazypyr and Dermacor in Brazil those are exciting. Last year’s insect business was strong benefited by heavy infestations of Helicoverpa we’re positioned well with supply as the market have similar outbreaks this year. So crop protection is set for a strong second half. We’re expecting lower seed volumes in Brazil summer season based on an expectation of lower planted area and as we have mentioned before modestly lower seeds pricing based on the fall armyworm resistance that we’re seeing. We're expecting fourth quarter seed shipments for the 2015 Brazil safrinha and Northern Hemisphere seasons to be similar to last year. So all of that combined is what gives us confidence around a strong second half.
Jim Borel: That’s a normal in a both launches, so they’re really just entering the market so most of that will be used in season as it is moving out. The Dermacor, we expect to be put on seeds. It will get planted in the season that we’re going into. Cyazypyr, we’d expect to be used because the season extends into the early part of the next year and I don’t know if every out it will be used in the fourth quarter, but yes it’s for an active season.
Jim Borel: Yes thanks, Don. First of all, it’s too early to I think to try to predict or give guidance for next year as you know there are a lot of different variables that you mentioned a few of them. Certainly, if current market environment persists shift in acres towards soybeans, that can temper volume in the short-term in the seed business. But as you mentioned, we’ll get the benefit of lower input costs or cost of goods. Crop Protection continues to have strong growth trends. Corn is one market but to be honest much bigger business in specialty crops around the world. But that’s all if that persists, so it’s probably important to remember that we’re coming off a really strong crop last year and what looks like it could be a strong crop this year, but the crop isn’t harvested yet. And now you go back two years, we were coming off a couple of years of drought and record high prices, so these things can change pretty marketed. So I think we need to get a little farther down the roads and see what this crop really ends to be before we’re going to have more visibility around the outlook for next year.
Jim Borel: It’s too early to try to predict or comment on share based on, let’s see where final acres come out and let the dust settle as we normally do. But that said, as we talked about we’re in a transition both of introducing the T series and the Round of 2 and that, that will take the next couple of years to get that in place. So, it’s too early to comment on share but we feel very confident about our overall competitiveness in soya and expect that overtime we’ll reestablish the strong leadership position that we’ve had. We are still the largest -- Pioneer is still the largest soybean brand in North America.
Jim Borel: Good question. A couple of things to remember, first of all as we have talked overtime, we price for value and as we come out with new hybrids and new trade combinations that deliver more yield and more value to the farmer even 375 a bushel, that’s still -- if you can give them extra bushels that’s still more value. So there is still this pricing opportunities for innovation even at the prices being lower than they have been over the last several years. The other thing to remember is we’ve got a lot of new technologies that we’ve launched over the last few years that still working its way into our lineup. So a fair bid of the price that we’re expecting to get in ’15 is going to from mix as the penetration of that those products go into the portfolio. So there are couple of reasons why we’re -- we’re still confident that there is pricing opportunities that will realize next year.
Jim Borel: First of all the ramp up based on performance what we’re seeing in framers field this summer look good that’s going to be driven based on that we have strongly performing Roundup varieties already out there, it will take a few years as it rolls through as we continue to ramp up.
Jim Borel: I think that’s a good summary. The key thing also is the long-term fundamentals under the market and the long-term potential of the businesses in ag. Crop Protection is continuing to perform well and so the volume question of seed is one component, over the next years, unknown around where acres would go, but the big picture is still for a lot of growth.
Jim Borel: First of all on the crop protection side we are expecting continued growth there they have been growing a point or two ahead of the market over the last number of years we expect that continue based on the new products and the expanded market. So growth will continue based on that in crop protection. In terms of the services and Encirca is we’re really pleased with launch so far where we’ve been an industry leader in many ways around decision services for the last 10 plus years in terms of mapping deals for the 12 million harvest acres map 8 million as planted but the launch of it there is a new brand and Encirca is going well. We've had a very positive grower response to Encirca View and Encirca Premium, which is in partnership with DTN. There is over 1000 weather stations in our proprietary network with new collaborations with I guess eight land-grant universities. We talked about a goal earlier of 500,000 seed based variable rate seeding prescriptions and we excided that and as we mentioned today we’ve launched the Encirca Yield Nitrogen management module now in July so that’s out there. So good farmer acceptance, good success so far everything is going very well.
