Marc Doyle: Thanks, Jim. Turning to slide 9. Specialty Products again reported strong growth on both the top and bottom line. We continue to deliver a steady, mid single digit top line gains through higher volume and price. Our organic growth is enabled by our new products, customer driven application development and leadership positions in attractive end markets. The division reported 5% organic sales gains with transportation and advanced polymers again leading the way with organic sales growth of 9%, and Safety & Construction was not far behind at 8% growth. Operating EBITDA for the division again grew double digits with gains in all segments, driven by cost synergies, sales gains, lower pension and OPEB cost and a portfolio benefit more than offsetting higher raw material and freight costs and one-time prior year benefits. One of the items I'm particularly pleased with this quarter was our pricing strength. We delivered an overall 2% improvement in price with contribution from almost all of the businesses. The specialty nature of our portfolio enabled us to price our products for the value they deliver to our customers and mitigate the earnings impact of higher raw material costs. Turning out to the segments. Electronics & Imaging net sales and operating EBITDA were steady with last year due to well known weakness in the tech space caused by the mid-year reduction of incentives in China. We continue to see strength in the semiconductor business, driven by new customer wins and robust end markets. Sales in our displays business were up nearly 20% due to strong demand in China for one of our new OLEDs products. Overall operating EBITDA improvement from cost synergies, higher semi and display volumes and lower pension and OPEB costs were offset by headwinds from softness in photovoltaic and higher raw material costs. Nutrition & Biosciences grew sales - grew net sales by double digits with price and volume gains in addition to the benefit from the acquisition of the FMC Health and Nutrition business, organic sales increased 4%. Nutrition & Health continues to see strong growth in probiotics with sales of more than 30% this quarter. Within industrial biosciences, top line growth in CleanTech and volume growth and bioactives were offset by lower production volumes in biomaterials, partially driven by Hurricane Florence. Segment operating EBITDA grew 33%, driven by portfolio benefits, cost synergies and volume growth. Safety & Construction organic sales increased 8% led by broad-based growth across industrial, personal and life protection and medical packaging, partially offset by softness in construction and U.S. residential markets. Our pricing strength continues to improve. In this quarter we delivered 2% growth. This was a result of targeted actions to drive value in use pricing across our portfolio. We look for this pattern to continue. Operating EBITDA for the quarter was up 10% as reported but up 20% when excluding prior year one time gains of approximately 30 million. Growth was driven by cost synergies, lower pension and OPEB costs and higher local price, partially offset by higher raw material costs and the absence of prior year one-time gains. Transportation and advanced polymers again delivered strong top and bottom line growth. The segment continues to perform well, driven by strength in automotive, which grew double-digits and again significantly outpaced auto builds. Our ability to sustainably deliver this type of above-market growth stems primarily from two factors, first is our leading position with key OEMs. Second, is our robust product portfolio, which enables both higher content per vehicle and biases our offering towards higher-growth areas of the industry including hybrid and electric vehicles. We also continue to experience growth within the electronics and the aerospace end markets. In addition to higher volume, we again benefited from pricing strength in our nylon products as tight industry supply dynamics supported our position with customers looking to meet strong market demand. Operating EBITDA margins expanded by more than 550 basis points to about 31% driven by sales gains, cost synergies and pension and OPEB benefits, partially offset by raw material headwinds. In closing, I am pleased with our businesses ability to execute on items that are benefiting all lines of our P&L through pricing actions, productivity initiatives, high-return capacity expansions and customer-driven new product innovations. This winning formula will enable us to continue to drive sustainable top and bottom line growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to cover agriculture.
Marc Doyle: This is Marc. Let me just add a little bit more on the markets going into 2019. We are -- as I've said it's hard to predict the future, but we are expecting that electronics markets to be strong next year. We think semi will have another strong year next year. And as Ed indicated we think our auto growth will continue to be strong because we are better connected to key trends like auto electrification. And we're also expecting photovoltaic to rebound next year so that will be a positive tailwind next year for us versus this year.
Marc Doyle: You know, I'd say just from a SpecCo perspective, we said that the breakdown of synergies would be about [ph] 100 for SpecCo. That mostly going to be driven by procurement savings and we'll see most of that add in the back half of next year. And so that maybe answers the question on the synergy. 
Edward Breen: This is Ed. Let me comment and maybe Howard wants to make a couple of comments also. Remember the share repurchase that we announced today we're going to accomplish that in literally the next five months pre- spin of Dow. So we'll be moving at a pretty good clip there. I would also say to you though we have the new boards of the three companies look at this but we're obviously going to talk about financial policy next week at our Investor Day for the three companies, so we'll get into more detail on that talking about dividend and all. But I can suggest to you that we will be very friendly remuneration companies to our shareholders and share buyback will also be a part of that. So I will look at this in the context of the next year and the opportunity we have to repurchase shares and have a nice dividend on each of the companies. The pension, I'll let Howard comment on that here, but it was very advantageous for us to do it at this point in time, and Howard why don't you give more details around that.
Edward Breen: This is Ed. Let me just make a few comments on trends and by it's always hard to say what the next 12 months will do, obviously. But if you look at the quarter that we just recorded, I'll not even go to guidance that we gave for the quarter we're now in fourth quarter. You know auto sales for us were up 10% even though auto builds were flat to down 1%. And by the way that continues trend we've had for almost three years now where we've had double-digit growth in auto. And it's because of the parts of the market that we participate in the lightweighting, electrification et cetera. So we're seeing strong demand there. Our China sales across the DowDuPont portfolio were up 18% and very strong. In fact it was double-digit growth in all three divisions by the way. So continuing strength there, our semi businesses Marc had mentioned was up nicely 3%. And our industrial sales across the platform were up 8%. So some of the areas I know others have been talking about -- we continue to see nice secular strength and in our part of the product portfolio that we're delivering to those markets. 
Edward Breen: And just a follow it, MatCo will have about 130 million extra synergies. Ag will have about 70 million in extra synergies. The bulk of the increased synergies and we've kind of highlight this before that we've been working on hard is in the procurement area. So that will start kicking in kind of depending on the division but kind of by midyear 2019 those extra synergies will be kicking in as it flows through our production facilities. 
Edward Breen: Let me give you an overall though and -- Marc and Jim can comment on those the two divisions that you mentioned. I think look -- one of the highlights in the quarter was across the whole platform we had a 5% price increase. So we saw raw materials going up and our teams reacted very, very quickly. And with the products we have we were able to get price out of it. So to capture that kind of price across the platform I think really demonstrates the strength of the portfolio. So we were able to take that $600 million and really cover it and have great leverage to the bottom-line. I mean look our leverage hit the bottom line with 35% EPS growth was very significant despite that fact. And a lot of that was due to price actions that we did. Jim, do you want to comment specifically on that.
Edward Breen: No, I think by the way on all three of the Boards, we'll have additional turnover here in the next year or two because of the -- and part of it because of the age limit you just mentioned. So, we're well aware that. Each of the three divisions is actually continuing to talk to other people about joining the Board. I wouldn't doubt by the way you see in another announcement from -- or two or three from us still that. If you kind of add up the list of what we announced today, you can see we're maybe one or two short in each of the Board's potentially from where we want to be including turnover because of the ages as you mentioned that we'll be having over the next year or so. So, we're clearly talking to a group of people still. I'm excited about some of the people we're talking to and skillsets that they have. So, we're not 100% complete there and yes, there'll be additional turnover that we're working on. As far as my involvement, I am -- as you can see from today's announcement, I'm going to be on the Corteva Board, Executive Chair of DuPont. And I think my comment back when I made was I'm going to stay actively involved to help these companies out. So, I think that's the best area for me to be involved. And Executive Chair will be a full-time role, so I'm going to be very, very busy doing that. I feel very good about the Dow Board and the additions that we made. I think they are awesome addition to the business. And I also feel very, very good about where the Dow Board is -- and the management team is headed with the business. I think the focus around capital spending on their D&A levels. By the way, they're going to crush it this year on that, they're going to be $550 million below, no big greenfields come. I think the way Jim Fitterling and the team are managing the business is just very, very different as we move forward here over the next few years. And I think you're going to see great returns out of that business. And I think you're going to see great returns out of the other two businesses the way we're managing them. So, I'm pretty excited about the future for all three.
Edward Breen: Yeah. Sure. On isocyanates MMDI is tight. PMDI is a little more well supplied right now. But at these growth rates, it's going to tighten up by mid-2019. And what you had in the first half of the year with the big spike in PMDI pricing and MMDI pricing was because you have some unplanned outages that we’re in the marketplace as well. And so those are not easy technologies to run so sometimes things happen to tighten those markets up. PDI is in a similar situation with PMDI. The other thing I would say is the growth in the business is really heavily shifting towards systems and so if you look at systems and this is where isocyanates get consumed. You're talking about double-digit growth rates whether it's systems going into automotive applications, insulation applications, energy efficiency, food value chain, food storage, comfort and to new materials they're all good demand growth. So I think you're in a very short shallow adjustment period here to new capacity with some of it includes the Sadara capacity that we brought on. Polyethylene, look as I said relative to the IHS estimates, we ended up in a much better place in the third quarter there. There are some predictions out there that everything's going to collapse. I'm not sure that I believe that. We've seen that inventories are relatively under control they're actually down at the end of the third quarter slightly. So inventories are 42 days. And that's basically what you need to run the supply chain. So there's no massive issues there. Operating rates on polyethylene are tight. The new polyethylene capacity is coming on that will tighten up ethylene a bit. We needed ethylene to tighten up a bit and I think you'll see that start to happen. And most of that ethylene link has been in the U.S. So I think there's some concerns that people have about China and China demand. As Ed said, DowDuPont was up 18% in China this quarter. Materials was actually up 20%. So we're still moving a lot of material into China and the demand is good. So I think some of that pessimism is a little bit overblown. Operator And John Roberts with UBS will have our next question.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, good morning, Vince, and it was really a combination of tax benefits as well as the value from the spread between the ERLA [ph] and the interest expense spreads. And so – and it was credit-neutral event. Because if you look at the capital structure slides in the deck, you'll see that the rating agencies look at the underfunded pension. So it was credit-neutral from that perspective and it allowed us to take a significant economic opportunity to create value.
Howard Ungerleider: David, this is Howard. And the only other thing that I would like to just add is if you look at it on a full year basis, the Materials Science division is up on an EBITDA basis, low teens percent. And so we feel really good about that performance.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, I think on a – good morning, Jeff. This is Howard. On cash from ops basis, I mean one of the big drivers is working capital. So we've been growing sales double- digit now every quarter since merger close. And it's just not possible to do that and not add some working capital dollars. But the team's very focused on efficiency. And if you look at the efficiency metrics for working capital Q3 versus a year ago our efficiency improved by a day, a little bit higher DSI, but offset by positive improvements in both DSO and DPO. When you think about it on a full year basis, I mean, if you just take street estimate of around $18 billion of EBITDA for 2018, you subtract out the interest expense the working capital investments the voluntary pension contributions, integrate one-time integration restructuring costs, you're getting cash from ops of around $10 billion. And if you subtract out CapEx, you're talking about free cash flow of around $5 billion. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, let me just add on the specs side. We had a little over 100 million in headwinds on raw materials. And it was distributed through the segments. The largest piece was within our transportation and advanced polymers segment. And there you can think commodity chemicals for monomers, for our polymers production. And we more than offset it at division level with pricing. So we felt pretty good about how we performed during the quarter.
James Collins: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, P.J. So it's a little too early to kind of nail on what we expect to see going into the 2019 in terms of acres. And we would be out selling right now normally. We'd a good look at our order book. But you're probably also keep in track North America harvest has been quite delayed. So our signal that we would normally have by now is a little be weak. That said, commodity prices on soybeans that pressure is likely to drive some higher corn acres. And historically our portfolio from a margin perspective and our ability to compete favors our strong corn market. So we expect to see that with other crops that we participate in a little bit too will benefit. We think some of that shift out of soy could be going into wheat and cotton, so it's a little hard to say. The flip side is as we seeing more acres going into Brazil, we have a very strong chemistry portfolio that I've talked about before. Our cocci-based products are industry-leading. So we expect to benefit on this soy shift in Latin America. In terms of the impairment and our registrations, the main one we were worth pointing was chrome another year delay not huge. But with the discussions going on with China, we would expect to not hear anything now until early 2019 in our ability to ramp up parent seed. We are out with limited commercial launch. So we're still demonstrating that technology to customers and we still see good yield advantage. So the other thing is some delays in being able to integrate some of that Dow trades into Pioneer germplasm especially with that list another delay in that and the final one we pointed to is we lost a registration in Europe far for the cocci for fungicide in wheat. And we're working with European Commission to get that registration back, but we're going to lose at least the sales season there. 
James Collins: Thanks Steve. So globally we've been working with our really strong insecticide portfolio as headlined by our Spinosa and Špinarová products and we've been working on debottlenecking manufacturing processes. So we have the volumes to be aggressive. And overall that's working quite well. And we talked about our insecticide volumes through the first half were up dramatically. And we continue to see that same trend for the second half of the year. So I feel really good about that. The other area we're focused on remedy recovery is certainly in our seed business in Latin America. And I feel really good about the way that team is executing. At least we saw a nice early start to the season. And the additional launches of our new seed brands like Brevant are giving us greater opportunity there. So overall really great shape in terms of the dicamba piece yeah the main news there was obviously the shortening of the window days after planning application window. And we're still excited about the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend technology and we still feel like it's very useful. That said, with Enlist in soybeans, we think we will benefit from may be a better advantage in terms of application flexibility. And we already know that in cotton, today, we have a strong advantage within Enlist and the flexible that growers have around application windows.
James Collins: Yeah. John, this is Jim. Sadara was positive in plastics this quarter. It was not slightly negative in the Polyurethanes space. It wasn't good industrial intermediate. It was a slightly negative in the Polyurethanes space mainly because we had isocyanates units that was done in the quarter and we did that because we are making some mechanical adjustment to get ready for the Lenders Reliability Test which is underway right now. So that was planned that was just something that we needed to get done so we had a good shot to pass this test. Otherwise I think you'll see good rates through the fourth quarter and you'll see some improvement there. 
