Ellen Kullman: Great, thank you Carl. As we move forward in 2014, we have positive momentum across our portfolio. While uncertainties exist, market demand is improving and we are executing successfully against our value creation plan. We expect a gradual, sequential improvement in the global economy that we saw at the end of last year to continue. From a regional perspective, we expect gradual improvement in the U.S. economy to continue. Demand projections from the automotive and housing industries are positive. This provides a good platform for growth in our Performance Materials, Safety & Protection, Industrial Bioscience and Performance Chemicals segment. In Europe, our business has improved in each of the past two quarters. We expect sequential growth to continue as industrial production across Europe recovers from recession. In Central and Eastern Europe, our largest business is in Agriculture, where we see plenty of opportunity for continued growth in 2014. In addition, we expect our advanced materials businesses to benefit from the GDP growth that is projected in developing Europe. In China, we are assuming GDP growth will remain in the 7% to 8% range and anticipate continued improvement in key areas like photovoltaics and automotive. We are closely monitoring infrastructure investments as they have a positive implication for depots [ph] in our Electronics & Communications, Performance Chemicals and Safety & Protection businesses. From an industry perspective, we expect healthy fundamentals in the automotive industry as global car builds are projected to increase about 4%. We will continue to leverage our innovation centers to partner with OEMs and apply our world-class application development expertise to meet their challenges in performance, light-weighting and energy efficiency. In the global TiO2 market, we saw the industry stabilize in 2013 with stronger global demand driving lower inventory levels throughout the value chain. In 2014, we anticipate that industry fundamentals will continue to show improvement, but the timing and strength of recovery is evolving. In Agriculture, we expect another year of solid operating earnings growth against a backdrop of an Ag economy, which remains healthy, but where farmer income and commodity prices are transitioning off of their peak. Though growers remain somewhat uncertain about the total planted areas and which crop to plant, our attractive value proposition to maximize their profitability is clear. Our order book and seed and crop protection confirms that our customers continued to demand our newest high-performing innovative seed and crop protection technologies. Our strategies and priorities are clear. Goals are defined and in place and we are executing well. We remain focused on advancing our operational priorities: innovation, global reach and strong execution. Paired with disciplined capital allocations, these priorities will enable us to continue our track record of delivering increased value for our shareholders while achieving our long-term growth targets. Our businesses will leverage their scientific capability to increase return on research and development while expanding our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our market penetration into developing markets and increased collaboration with the region’s fast growing companies and will continue a relentless focus on cost and capital productivity across the company as we have successfully done over the past five years. In summary, we are looking forward to 2014 into advancing each of our strategic and operational priorities. These priorities form the backbone of our value creation strategy and chart the best pathway to building a higher growth, higher value DuPont Company for our shareholders. Carl back to you. 
Ellen Kullman: The planning has begun in Brazil. It's a dynamic situation. We find people that are still very interested in what the seed can do with them. I mean safrinha corn acres are going to be down but they are interested in the new technologies, the new hybrids. We continue to see good demand for our high performing products. North America pricing our corn prices are flat to up slightly and expect modest price increases are based on a lot of mix improvement there. So it's still, the order books is about expected it's still is a very dynamic situation but we see it one playing out strongly in terms of the newer products and what we can do then to impact their yield in 2014. 
Ellen Kullman: Well as you know royalty payments we record them as we sell units. So we have a small introductory launch in 2014, it's going to have a small impact. I think if I remember correctly it's going to be about 5% of our 2014 sales volume will be these products. 
Ellen Kullman: Yeah it will affect the second and third quarter because of the lack of volume that will be coming out in the second. We think it will be over a little bit to the third as well. 
Ellen Kullman: Yes. So as I take a look at it, although the people are left and that does have an impact. It is about 20% of our company from a revenue base. And so we are looking – we are taking the opportunity in 2014 to relook at our corporate core to relook at how we support the businesses from every function and how the businesses deploy regionally to understand is there a different opportunity for us to take some actions this year that would enable a more efficient, more effective structure going into the spin. So we are in the beginning of that process right now. We are benchmarking other companies looking deeply into our own how we structure that. And – I think that we will be talking about that more as the year goes on, because my goal would be to as we effect the spend to go into it with momentum in terms of the corporate core and not have that overhead be with us for the year as it has been in 2013. 
Ellen Kullman: Well, TiO2 is one of the hardest things to forget and as I call it the markets in the industry is evolving. We have seen it bottoming. We have seen volume progression as you have seen. I think it certainly depends on how strong the economy is and what kind of growth we see there next year. And I think it will play out much as the markets we see. We are saying first quarter earnings are going to be down and it’s just the math of where the volume and prices, but that for the full year, it’s going to be – our P-Chem segment is going to be up a little bit. So we do believe that the economy and what the markets are doing will predict exactly how that’s going to play out. 
Ellen Kullman: Yes. So we delivered strong fourth quarter, obviously especially from operating earnings standpoint and that’s driven off of demand for Kevlar and Nomex and even the service businesses closing out some of their year-end projects and things like that. We saw the benefits from the restructuring and the productivity in that segment that we put in. And we have seen improved plant utilization at Cooper River and that’s really what’s driving the four consecutive quarters of operating margin improvement. In 2014, we expect mix to be a positive, so a slight margin improvement from that as we continue to drive in that business. We are making progress. I think we are getting the job done and will continue to improve throughout 2014. 
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think that North American season we are just heading into now. So I think – and North America because of construction didn’t have as big an impact as we saw with the variability in China and with Europe being on it back. I mean, we saw growth in all regions. It was just notable in Europe and China. 
Ellen Kullman: I would love to but I don’t think so we need to get this done so we can continue to operate it at the very high utilizations that we operate that unit. 
Ellen Kullman: You’re asking the same question I was asking the team. I think what we see is with the progression of the crop protection products specifically insecticide, Rynaxypyr, which has a huge impact in the fourth quarter in Latin America. We see with localizing our production capability in Latin America and the seed business has enabled us to shorten those supply lines and people want their hybrids and their current [ph] sizes and things like that. So we think that it will be positive in the fourth quarter going forward. So we will see I mean a lot of it depends on how the seeds in Latin America plays out and the safrinha corn shipments those investments have enabled us to basically deliver on that in the fourth quarter. 
Ellen Kullman: I mean we read the papers too so we’re looking at that very, very strongly. We had a good 2013 in emerging markets. I mean if you look at it in total volumes were up 10% and sales were up six and that’s based on TiO2 pricing and the metals passed through with a negative last year. But we finished the year strong in the fourth quarter with volumes up 11 and that was largely driven by China with photovoltaic and they were catching up for the year and that’s not lost on it. They had a weak first half of ’13 but photovoltaic was catching up TiO2 volumes through there. So we watch it very, very carefully because every quarter seems to be a new quarter in the emerging market and you got to be very agile and be able to move very quickly depending on the trends. So we are cautiously I think optimistically I mean two [ph] stronger world but we it's going to be sequentially continue to improve. 
Ellen Kullman: Pricing in electronics is surely silver [ph]. So if you think about the change in silver price over the last year it's been negative on a 10% - 12% and that will continue in the first quarter. So the pricing of our materials at silver is [ph] is very much of a function of the efficiency that it enabled in the solar modules and alike and we’re getting really good response off of our new Solamet paste business and the Tedlar Films because of their longevity and their ability to create long warranties on these units. So the year-over-year kind of pricing is a function of silver and we’re making impacts based on the functionality of the materials themselves and that’s enabling share gains for us in that marketplace. 
Ellen Kullman: Yes. No, I mean, we have been – we continue to look and see that there is opportunities smaller in nature more specific to geographies like Pannar or technology and we continue to pursue them. As you know, I have a pretty high bar in terms of what’s required for us to affect that. And we continue to work in those markets. So we calculated that this buyback still has that opportunity for us to do some bolt-ons and some things like that, but we thought it was important given the big change from the pension and OPEB standpoint that we would be clear about how we are going to utilize our cash. 
Ellen Kullman: Yeah so the timing is still as we discussed second quarter of ’15. We’re working on the carve outs. We have named the leaders as you’ve seen. We continue that planning process, that’s five quarters from now and so we will see what happens transpires between now and then but we have a good economic model of what this spin will bring and I think we’re driving down that path. 
Ellen Kullman: Yes so electronics is always one that it's hard to predict. We have given you the input for the first quarter. For the whole year we are expecting the growth in installations on PV to be about the same as it has been about 15 and so we expect that to continue. We saw a lot of our volume this year in the second half of the year. So the first part of ’14 looks like it's starting strong. We will see where that goes; we’re taking that for a whole year. We’re in good shape for moderate earnings growth even with the change and the silver pricing year-over-year. So that’s one that we watch very carefully because there is a lot of noise out there relative to where it's trade issues or things like that but I will tell with the efficiencies and where the pricing is on the modules today it really is driving as option rate that should be able to accomplish the growth this year. 
Ellen Kullman: Yeah for Nutrition in the regions still there is no sting [ph] about, we’re seeing broadly demand across all regions. Real interest in some products like probiotics and the differentiated in food ingredients and we’re seeing it in Latin America we’re seeing it in Asia, North America, Europe and so we’re making great progress in that business and we spent the time over the last two years really building out the capability for that business in the emerging markets and we’re seeing the results of that. So we’re very pleased with the progress we’re making. 
Ellen Kullman: I think the numbers you’re quoting are high from my standpoint. I think its 60:40 really, 60% Latin America, about 40% is U.S. 
Ellen Kullman: DuPont was the person that was named in the suit and nobody was responsible for it because we got excluded. 
Ellen Kullman: I think on AQUAmax last year we did just over 7 million acres this year is going to be over 10. So I think we performed well. We are happy with what we saw out of that performance in ‘13. And I think that’s going to continue to make progress. We see the new varieties, the new hybrids really continuing to penetrate as people understand what the value of that truly is. So we are making good progress there. And the order book is showing that as it confirms the grower demand for our newest technologies. And I think another fruit point there is the cash payments from North America season are up slightly and so they are I think that’s the positive as well. 
Nick Fanandakis: So your calculation is about right. I mean you have to look at the price when the shares are purchased but if you do it based on today’s pricing you would say somewhere around 30 million shares would be coming back and then you also have to consider the time element of when those are going to occur as to how much they are going to impact the diluted share count but specifically around how many are going to be reissued in the way of dilution. If you look historically somewhere in the range of 8 million to 12 million shares, new shares issued historically on a per year basis. 
Nick Fanandakis: So when you look we have talked about this a little bit before, Don, when you look at the people that were involved in the coatings divestiture, a significant number are very labor-intensive, less folks in the P-Chem side, so less of the overhead impact that would be applicable than you saw in the coatings side. The number is about half of overhang in that one versus what was on the P-Chem side, but then when you talk about the other opportunities, maybe Ellen you want to. 
Nick Fanandakis: And then let me just add in the progress we are talking about is not only from the utilization, but also from the productivity and the restructuring work this was done in realizing that value. 
Nick Fanandakis: We had strong performance on our productivity targets. We were able to as I mentioned in the call we were able to get rid of all of the deeply (indiscernible) overhang that is gone and we’re able to meet all of our other targets around fixed cost productivity. As far as next year goes, we are going to continue to drive productivity within the company. We will have some additional gain from the restructuring effort that occurred in ‘12 about another $150 million. And we are looking at above another $300 million of other productivity gains. So if you look towards ‘14 it’s probably going to be around that $400 million to $450 million range. 
Nick Fanandakis: Yes. So let’s talk just a little bit about what happened on the pension liability first, Kevin. So when you look at it driven by really three things, about half of the reduction in the liability came from the discount rate changing. And if you look at the global discount rates, they improved by about 69 basis points, so 69 basis points had little over $2.5 billion of impact on the liability. The other two components were the return on the assets, where we are much better than anticipated in the original estimates, almost double and the changes in the OPEB planned adjustments, those two together come for the other half or roughly above $5 billion of liability reduction. Now, how does this impact the P-Chem piece? I have talked about this before these are decisions that we are going to be making as we move forward with the separation. But when you look at the decision around what goes to P-Chem in the way of potential pension liability or debt, it’s really either/or, so you can choose to put no pension and owe it up on more debt or you can choose to put pension in debt or it’s a balance. And so those decisions will be made further out in the process, but this really won’t have an impact on that as we move forward. 
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, it’s going to be slightly up in 2014 the dollar strengthening is going to be slightly up. So we will have some additional headwinds in ‘14. 
Nick Fanandakis: Great. Frank, so you are right about the $1.7 billion of debt and that’s just going to pay that off, we are not going to refi that. So we will use the cash we have on hand to do that as well as the 2 billion share repurchase. So – and as far as the M&A market, we continue to look – Ellen maybe you want a few thoughts. 
Nick Fanandakis: And with the moderate earnings growth, because what Ellen said on the metals piece top-line is going to be online slightly up but without the metals piece it would be more in the modest range. 
Nick Fanandakis: Yes. So when you look at market costs for ore they are down from the peak. It all depends on the contractual arrangements you have. So our ore costs maybe up slightly, but even with that ore costs being up slightly we are still very advantaged versus the market environment. 
