Nicholas Fanandakis: Frank, that's for the acquisitions. And if you look at the components of that, there's two pieces, it's MECS, the acquisition for MECS and the acquisitions that we had in PROaccess.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So the raw materials situation is somewhat dynamic. Right now, we're saying that is going to be 4% to 5% increase. When you look at the major components of that, metals is certainly going to continue to be a major component of the raw material increase. And as I mentioned in the dialogue there, that's really a pass through for us on our Electronics segment. Some other raw materials that they're going to be seeing some increases that we're forecasting are things like ethane, HMD, [ph] acid, chlorine, some of our solvents or some of our pigments. Those are the areas where we see raw materials continuing to rise throughout the year. When you look at our ability to price that in the marketplace, obviously that's going to vary from business to business. But if you look at, for instance, some of those things I mentioned relating to our TiO2 business, the market remains extremely tight in that area. And the other things I'll mention, Lucy, is the work we've done around pricing for value throughout the Corporation over the last several years really serves as well in environments such as that.
Nicholas Fanandakis: For both of those acquisitions are already in the numbers that we have given you. So that's the first point I want to make. And those acquisitions will be accretive in 2011.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Let me take the pension question that you asked. So when we made that voluntary contribution of $500 billion this year, and obviously that contribution, with the return that we had this year on our assets, played into the reduction that I already communicated to you now from our original estimates of a $200 million year-over-year increase in non-cash pension expense, down to the number of the $60 million that we're now seeing for 2011. So that contribution and the return of that contribution plays into those numbers.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So, Mark, when you look at the $0.30 to $0.45 per share, let's just try to break it out into the components. There's obviously a component there relating to the $3 billion of debt. So the interest expense associated with that, that's obviously going to be an ongoing sort of charge and you can calculate that as easy as I can on $3 billion what an average interest rate would be right now. When you look at purchase accounting rules, that are going to influence this, obviously that's where the range starts to come into play because that's where the uncertainty is. But for talking purposes, I think you can think about the write up of PP&E, that type of thing, as ongoing. And then the onetime sort of charges relating to that $0.30 to $0.45, that would be the cost associated with executing our synergies. And we said our synergies is $130 million, so think about cost associated with that, almost like 1x sort of number. And then the other one, which is going to represent a lion's proportion of that, is the inventory piece. And you've got to write up that inventory, and that's going to be a onetime effect as well because you're going to be able to cost that out over the current year and then after that, you'll get into a normal cost of goods sold sort of recording situation. And that's where the variance, Mark, is going to be really unknown. I got to wait and see when we close what that inventory level is and how much we have to write up. But that also would be sort of a onetime event.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So let me talk about the assumptions that are in our -- current thinking, around 2011. We had talked to you about sales for 2011 being about $33 billion to $34 billion. That thinking has not changed. So the change that I've given you in the range of EPS, sales are still around at $33 billion to $34 billion. We talked about raw material price increases going up about 4% to 5%. And as I mentioned, that's a pretty dynamic thing. But right now, that's our best thinking. That's net of our productivity gains that we would have in that area. We continue to drive productivity, both fixed and working capital productivity. And our thinking right now in our model has at $300 million of fixed cost productivity and about $300 million of working capital productivity. So when you talk about some of the changes that have occurred now in the new guidance, one is around the tax rate changes and that's going from the 22% to 23% down to the 20% to 21%. And I would think about that as the underlying performance of the business. So when you look at our geographic sales base and where we're operating, what we're saying is, on an ongoing basis, the 20% to 21% rate is more reflective of our underlying businesses and where they are participating around the world. The pension adjustment, as I mentioned, went from $200 million down to $60 million increase year-over-year. Take all that together and you add on top of that the outstanding shares that I mentioned going up, it puts you at the range we are now forecasting at the 345 to 375 range.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So I haven't provided a free cash flow number for 2011 but let's just talk directionally about what we're seeing right now, Jeff. What you saw in 2010 was tremendous productivity gains coupled with the earnings increase that we showed, and you saw that reflected in the free cash flow results. Keep in mind that those free cash flow results were inclusive of a $500 million pension contribution that was not in the original target number that I provided to you. So the performance in the area of working capital productivity, I believe, was just tremendous this year. When you look at our working capital turns within the company, and you see the improvement we had at the current sales rate, it's is like a 13% improvement there, which equates to over $700 million of working capital productivity gains, so tremendous improvements in those areas. Second part of your question, Jeff, what question...
Nicholas Fanandakis: At this point in time, I don't have plans to do any kind of a share buyback. When you look at the reason for the increase here is, obviously, around the executive compensation piece. And when you look at that about over the past 10-year period, we actually are about 13% ahead in the way of buybacks versus shares that were issued in relation to that. So what's your question about 10 million shares -- we're ahead of the game on a share-per-share basis there. So at this point in time, I don't have any plans to have any share buyback. Is not done on a one-for-one basis.
Ellen Kullman: So I mean, we had a great year in Greater China. As we really focused on electronics and things like phones and photovoltaic showed great growth. Automotive sales in 2010 or builds in 2010 in China were a very -- contributed greatly to our results. And kind[ph] of two markets were strong and hit record highs in sales. A lot of that underpinning is their domestic consumption, which is on the rise in China. And although as a country, their GDP was probably 10-ish percent last year, it's going to moderate but only to 9% this year. So a very modest moderation as we continue to focus. For instance, auto build, China were up 10%, they're predicted to be the same. So we do think we have momentum in China. We have positioned ourselves very well in some key segments, and I think you'll continue to see us making progress in that area.
Ellen Kullman: So we are really pleased with our progress, so far, on our North America order book. The volume’s up. It's in line with our goals, and AcreMax 1 is outpacing our goals. And I think that we're very, very focused on that. People ended the year and the farming community -- with commodity prices, with some cash, we had a great end-of-the-year with collections and that saw a positive trend. So we think that, that bodes well for the season. People are going to want to protect their yield, because that yield is going to be very -- it will have a great return for them. So our gross strategies are in place with great products like Acre, our PROaccess, really right in the midst of it right now. But we're very focused on it and very positive. I'm pleased with how we started the season.
Ellen Kullman: Yes. I think Latin America has turned out to be a pretty good season for us. We're really pleased with where that ended up.
Ellen Kullman: As far as OS [ph] go, we are continuing to be very bullish on the technology. We've met significant milestones. We're working with partners around the world to not only demonstrate the technology but to continue to make progress there. And you'll be hearing more about that as we progress through those discussions.
Ellen Kullman: As always, with the diversed nature of the Crop Protection Chemical business, it really depends on what you're talking about. All regions are price pressures; it's a very competitive market. We've been very fortunate with our new product introduction, things like the picoxystrobin and Rynaxypyr have done very well in the market as there's a real movement towards products that are more of the case shift have less impact on the environment. And so in 2011, commodity pricing in the Crop Protection market may be increasing. But we see it as a market that's going to be enhanced by the fact that the farmer wants to protect yields, and it's going to be using everything he can to get the most out of his acres this year.
Ellen Kullman: So TiO2 had a great year last year, as did the entire Performance Chemicals segment with their revenues up, the segment revenues were up 26% and both sides of it had strong revenue growth. We see that as a market that continues to be tight with capacity utilizations above 90% and with no real major expansions on the horizon. So it's a classic commodity chemical market when capacity utilization is high, prices tend to rise. We don't tend to comment on any individual price increase. That tends to be something that we get into with our customers very dearly because of the relationships in the long-term we have there. So the market dynamics are right where they were, as we discussed this in December, and we continue to play that out.
Ellen Kullman: Don, as you know, we put a new leader in Performance Coatings in the fourth quarter of this year. John McCool and a team that is continued to be focused on strong operational leverage and continued focus on productivity. And we take a look at each one of the segments there individually and assess our strength versus others and continue to drive towards the numbers that we presented in December. We believe this is a segment that can be a strong cash contributor to the company. And at the end of the day, they have their mission. They have their goals, and we're driving them to contribute there that great market position and refinish in some of the industrial segment. So I think this is an area with the investment we've made in the restructuring and the new leadership team, let's see where they get.
Ellen Kullman: Kevin, let me take you on a walk around the world around the topline and just give you some perspective on that, because I think you're interested in that as well. In the U.S., GDP is going to be the same in '11 as it was in '10. The biggest change in the U.S, from our perspective, is going to be the automotive industry. Whereas in 2010, I think, U.S. and Canada were up over 30% overnight and '11, it was only, I guess, 11%. So we're going to see a moderating growth in the automotive, still. And so our growth rate that we saw in the U.S. for the year, which was well under the double digits is going to be probably more in the high single-digit numbers and the like of that. So the U.S., I think, is going to continue to have some strength because of 10% automotive growth as well as good Ag season in that. Europe is going to have a mix recovery pictures. So we think that it's going to be continued, a little bit stronger, maybe 2.5 GDP in Germany, and there's a strong export market. We're not expecting much out of automotive there. Eastern Europe's going to come back more strongly, probably -- well, actually moderating there. So I think Europe is going to be a mixed picture as we go forward. Asia Pacific is going to be an area of strength for us between where automotive is, between where photovoltaics are and electronics are, and things like TiO2 and an increasing Ag position there. That Europe we're going to see, kind of growth rate, it may not be reflective of last year like 50% in China but they're going to be very, very strong. In Latin America, I think you're going to see there that all the automotive is not going to drive Ag outside our business there, Ag & Nutrition will. And so I think, you are going to see some well above-GDP growth in Latin America. GDP in Latin America is about 4% in 2011 is what our estimates are. So I think that our position in Ag, our position in TiO2, photovoltaics and the recovery in Safety & Protection are going to bode well for our volume 2011.
Ellen Kullman: Thanks, Karen. There has been a number of questions on 2011 and our outlook, and we see tremendous opportunity going forward given our diversed portfolio, given our broad geographic footprint, with markets that are in various stages of growth and recovery, 2010 was all about execution and delivering on our commitments. And we provided updates throughout the year, and you consistently heard me talk about three themes: Number one, the power of DuPont innovation; Second, productivity as a way of life with a disciplined managing process in place and third, differential portfolio of management with resources going to the highest growth of opportunity and accountability for results. So my point is, we executed well in 2010, and you should expect the same from us in 2011. And we look forward to updating you as the year unfolds. Thank you for joining us today.
