Ellen Kullman: Great. Thank you, Karen. And before I close, I want to address the Danisco transaction. All regulatory conditions have been met to complete our tender offer, and we've made up our position clear. Our offer is full, fair and firm. Danisco shareholders have a choice to make between the certainty of our offer or the risk of the deal going away, and that offer period is scheduled to end on April 29. You know, I want to recap my key message points. First, DuPont is executing well. We have very clear strategies and plans for each business and strive to constantly raise the bar and outperform our competitors. On Slide 13, you can see an abbreviated version of the 2011 directives that I use with employees to drive focus, to drive performance and to drive accountability. We also have business-specific commitments that are aligned with these directives and are externally benchmarks for each business in the major markets they serve. We have a disciplined managing process to evaluate progress against these targets, to evaluate new opportunities as well as contingency plans. We have the discipline and flexibility to respond to dynamic conditions and unforeseen events such as the tragedy in Japan. Second, we remain focused on our customers and our markets. Our relationships and important market insights translate into a number of triple work processes. They range from new product development to customer service to supply chain decision. Our customer focus and organization structure also enables us to respond quickly to opportunities, and it's why we're able to deliver 18% sales growth and 23% earnings per share growth in the quarter. A very strong start to the year gives us increased confidence in raising our earnings outlook to the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share and obviously this excludes any impact from the planned acquisition of Danisco. Finally, you heard Nick discuss the various headwinds and tailwinds that lie ahead, and I want to leave you with this: in a dynamic and in times uncertain environment, you can kind on DuPont. My leadership team understands the levers we can pull to respond to the challenges we face and whether they're unmet needs of a customer or servicing in a tight market, participating Japan's recovery or countering a competitive threat, I believe we demonstrated as much over the past 2 years. We're very proud of the track record of executing well, and we are committed to building on it.  So with that, we are now very happy to take your questions.
Ellen Kullman: Don, to put some context to it, if you think of the last five years, through DPS and all of the [indiscernible], we've liberated over 100,000 tons of TiO2 from our current production facility. And so that's the kind of impact that DPS has had on that business. It enabled them to really meet customer needs.
Ellen Kullman: TiO2 market is a classic commodity chemical that price and those ups and down and I ran that business in the middle '90s and experienced both sides of that cycle. And so if you take a look at where prices today certainly is unprecedented, but at the same time the inputs are much higher than they were before or prices today versus a decade ago and things like that. So the economics there are pretty constant. If you're on a constant dollar basis, we're not back yet to the 80s [ph] in terms of pricing. So it's a hard market to predict because there's a lot of things that come into play, but capacity utilization is the major one. And companies are trying to de-bottleneck. We're certainly well on our way to analyze our needs there over the next few years. But it's a dynamic situation, which I personally experienced which is one then that helps me not predict straight lines in that industry because it's an industry that does -- that can turn on you.
Ellen Kullman: Well, the beauty of our production capability is that we can utilize a very wide range of feedstocks from the very low end to the very high end. So we have an ability to move into market to where there are feedstocks and really get what we need and obviously considering our scale at a great economy. So that capability really positions us well in any kind of core market, and I think that's one of the key differentiators for us.
Ellen Kullman: Sure. If you think about it, the segments are very different from each other, but the common element of it is that our pricing philosophy is around pricing for value to the customer. And so from that standpoint again if you see we had made great progress across the board. Electronics is an area where with the pass-through nature of the metal that you see maybe a margin decline there, but the vast majority of that is based on the metals pass-through. Chemicals is clearly ahead. Performance Polymers is clearly ahead. And in Ag again it's value placed, so it's something that if we continue to innovate, I think we'll be able to stay ahead of that curve.
Ellen Kullman: I kind of hesitate when I hear the word pricing power because I think people think about that in a certain way. It's just leverage that you have. Our pricing power doesn't come from leverage. It comes from innovation. It comes from incremental improvements in products, new Solamet paste at electronics with higher efficiency, the examples that we gave in Ag and in Safety and in other areas. And so to the extent that we continue -- and that's why that metric around the number of new products and the percent of our revenue that comes from new products is very important for us because to me, that's an indicator of the strength of our connection to the customer and the strength of our ability to continue to have higher value for our customer and has moved that price line. So that is the goal. That is what we focus on constantly. And I think that some of the momentum that we've seen with the introductions we had last year in terms of -- across most of the businesses that has very, very strong innovations years last year, and we're seeing a result of that in our volumes this year and our price this year.
Ellen Kullman: So obviously, raw materials are on the move led by oil. And as you know, we're very natural gas-based in the U.S. on the Gulf Coast. Our sourcing and our people are heavily involved in making those decisions on a day-in and day-out basis. And we're positioning ourselves to really try to create the most we can do. But we're not -- we're only involved in it to a very minor extent that we just purchased some of this and inputs to the value-added products we make. So we don't play in that end of the chemical arena and so we're dealing with it just to try to get the lowest-cost raw materials we can to be able to compete effectively in the marketplace.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I have to talking to my ops guys and sourcing manager. I rely on them to make those trade-offs so that we get the most cost-effective inputs into the chain.
Ellen Kullman: No. So obviously, we have to kind of call it where we see it and what's going on today. Nick talked about the headwinds of Japan and share dilution and rising raws. And so -- no, I think that in the tailwinds are the kinds of where we are from a business standpoint and currency a little bit and things like that. So I think that's why we pegged the range and we narrowed the range and took up the bottom end a little bit more and really tried to put it in there, and so that shows we've got some increased confidence by narrowing that range and the headwinds and tailwinds to adjust as we discussed.
Ellen Kullman: As have I. So we continue to drive Florida and -- but that's like 10% of our total ore consumption. But it's nice to have and we're advantaged there and so that's a good thing that we'll play that out until that line is exhausted. The ore industry is moving. Our ability to utilize a wide range of ores gives us a little bit more maneuvering capability than others in the industry that are just focused on high-grade ores and the like. And so I think it's all a relative issue. It's relative to our competitors in that industry, and I think that we're advantaged with our manufacturing process that will enable us to, whatever the situation is, be able to handle it very, very efficiently.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So some of the businesses are back to the 2008 levels or exceeding 2008 levels. And then, there's a couple of areas where there's still opportunity for continued growth. DPC is certainly not at the 2008 levels because we haven't seen the recovery in the automotive market, although its been there not at the levels that it was back prerecession. S&P, because it entered into the cycle late and is still mid-cycle, pulling out of that. They haven't reached the pre-recessionary levels as well. But many areas of the corporation have. Ag & Nutrition obviously never really experienced that dip, and they've continued to show that steady growth. And then Performance Chemicals, they're well above the pre-recessionary levels.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Jeff, this is Nick. Thanks for your question. Jeff, we do have a philosophy on that. I mean when we look at the shares that results in outstanding shares relating to the compensation program, our position is we really don't want to see that result in a dilution effect on the earnings basis. But it's not a 1-for-1 type thing, Joe. It's not something that every share that's issued right away is repurchased. When you look over time at the shares in this category and you look over, let's say, a 10-year period, we've actually issued and repurchased just about essentially the same number of shares. So we're right in that line of compensating for any shares that are issued there. But the long term, certainly our position is to maintain that impact of having no impact from the shares issued with the compensation program.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Yes, and again we bought back 5 million shares in the first quarter this year. We bought back 5 million shares last year as well. So obviously, we have activity to address that creep that occurs, and we're acting on that through some of the shares we repurchased. It's just not a 1-for-1 sort of exchange in the exact period.
Nicholas Fanandakis: No, we continue to look at that obviously. The demand is very high and the estacy is very tight. So we recognize the need here, continuing to drive remounts of the facility, but we haven't come out yet with the stated location of a brownfield site as to where it would be.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Yes. When I was answering that question, Ed, I was talking about how it related to prerecessionary time period. It wasn't necessarily saying that every area were sold out except for those two. So I was just trying to point out that those areas are back to or exceeding the prerecessionary levels. I think you're right in your characterization, Ed, that the TiO2 is certainly a tight area. And I would say the other one is probably Fluorochem is a tight area right now for us as well.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Well, I think when you look at our cellulosic ethanol, we have our facility in Tennessee, and it's about 250,000, I believe, is the number there. It's been running now for well over a year. We continue to gather the data there, and we're looking really to move forward with a commercial plan. We've already identified that it will be located in Iowa. We haven't announced the specific site yet, and you can expect to see commercial feedstocks and construction there in that 2012 time period. On the biobutanol side, the alternative fuel that we've been driving, it's meeting all of its milestones. The facility is up and running in the U.K., and it's about 1 year later than the cellulosic ethanol timeline.
James Borel: The business is extremely tight as the industry is extremely tight. When you look at the high-quality TiO2, it's a tight industry and market altogether. But what we've done and continue to do is drive DuPont Production Systems. We continue to look for re-mounts [ph] of our facilities by utilizing DuPont Production Systems methodology, and that's allowed us to maintain our ability to keep up with customers' demands. But even with that, Don, the market remains very tight.
James Borel: Thanks, P.J. On the Seed side, as you know, first of all, on the cost of goods question that you mentioned, a couple of things that we do there. One, I think you're aware that we use a hedging strategy as part of the price setting to help us manage margins and also continue it separate like we have across the rest of the company around productivity improvement, around cost of goods. So those two things are helping us mitigate the impact. And the other thing always to remember on the Seed side is it's a high science business, not a commodity business. And so pricing decisions really are primary driven by the value we're delivering to growers and we're continuing to bring additional value to growers, will are giving us pricing opportunities in what we expect to be in excess of cost increases.
James Borel: Yes. Thanks, P.J. As you know, we're pioneering the idea of refuge-in-a-bag. We had a pretty broad exposure with belowground insect control last year, and that's one of the reasons why AcreMax 1 has taken off so strongly this year. And we're going to have a couple of more products added to that lineup next year. So first of all, we started with belowground insect control. That's the toughest one for farmers to manage. The refuge has to be in the same field, it has significant yield impacts, et cetera. And so with AcreMax 1 dealing with belowground insect control, that's been very, very popular. But next year, we're expecting to have integrated reduced aboveground and integrated and reduced above and below. So we think it's going to be a significant opportunity for -- extra value for farmers and growth for us. We feel very good about our position and our momentum in that space.
James Borel: Yes, thanks. First of all, I don't really see a pricing segmentation based on an individual trait. We're using Roundup Ready 1 trait in our soybeans, but the value that we're delivering with things like Y series and the disease package it brings, that's -- we're creating value there. We're seeing net price increases as we continue to bring improved performance and value to customers. So you asked about the post-patent period, that's a few years away. So it's maybe a little early to predict precisely what will happen there. But clearly, from our point of view, it's a combination of proprietary traits that we will have, other intellectual property, a continued drive on adding value every year to performance, other services. There's a whole family of things in our relationship with growers that are delivering value, and we expect to continue doing that and we think farmers will respond to that.
James Borel: Yes, and I think I mentioned it, but I'd estimate maybe in the range of $100 million of sales but probably $0.04 to $0.05 of earnings per share that were moved. Of course, we'll know more completely with how the second quarter develops. But that's our best estimate right now.
James Borel: Yes, probably a little confusing, Mark, in terms of names. In the early days, we were talking about AcreMax 1 and 2. We've actually changed the names. So the AcreMax XTRA is going to be the above- and belowground integrated reduced refuge, and I think that's the one that you might have originally thought about as AcreMax 2, and that's on track. As I'd mentioned, we're expecting registration later this year and launch in '12. And then of course, this plain AcreMax will be the aboveground. That's also on track for integrated reduced and launch next year.
James Borel: The answer would be yes. It's a little early to say particularly because we haven't finished this season, let alone set prices for next year. But I base that on a couple of things, Mark. Key is what we see coming through the pipeline of increased performance in hybrids plus the couple of new products plus further expansion of AcreMax 1, I think all the different elements of bringing additional value to farmers is really what gives us the opportunity to capture more in terms of price because we're delivering value to farmers. We feel very good about what's coming through the pipeline.
James Borel: Based on the expectations, we would expect the market share increases, particularly on the PROaccess side. But overall, on the Seeds side -- I don't know if you were just focus on Seed, but Crop Protection growth as well as we expect to grow a little bit more than the market.
