Ellen Kullman: Great. Thanks, Nick. The outlook of about $3.10 earnings per share, excluding items is our best estimate of how we'll end this year. It's not meant to project pinpoint accuracy, but rather give you our collective view of the most likely market scenarios, productivity results, customer actions, particularly with respect to inventory management as we approach year end. We're in the midst of our 2011 execution reviews with each of our business units. We will share the business plans and targets at our Investor Event on December 9. In the meantime, I want to reemphasize that you should continue to expect DuPont to demonstrate the same focus and concentration on executing our playbook that we've done year-to-date. I want to particularly highlight three important things you can expect us to deliver: first, you should expect us to leverage and build upon our advantages in science and technology. This means introducing new products that raise the bar of performance and are recognized and valued by our customers. Our R&D investments are biased towards the megatrends and you should expect those investments to pay off with above trend-line growth and profitability in these areas. We also exploit technology in our operations, particularly where we can reduce cost for debottleneck processes to keep up with growing markets. Second, you should expect us to leverage and build upon our global footprint in a way that consistently starts with the customer. We intend to capitalize on our strength in developed markets, where we have a strong and long-term customer partnerships and understand what it takes to win in these markets. We will continue to establish critical partnerships to solve complex problems related to the megatrends, whether it's increasing a farmer's yield or helping an automaker improve the efficiency of a new vehicle. In addition, on constantly challenging our teams to be more responsive to local markets, particularly in the developing world. We continue to invest in our sales force, R&D centers and application laboratories in critical growth markets around the world. And finally, you should expect us to anticipate changes in our markets and competitive situations and respond by adjusting the levers we can control. We demonstrated that over the past couple of years in recessionary, recovery and high-growth environment. For example, we accelerated productivity programs and were more judicious with CapEx spend as markets turned down. On the other hand, we've added incremental capacity in invested resources to support growing markets. We will continue to stay close to customers and respond to changing needs in an agile and innovative manner. And finally, my personal commitment to you is that we will provide updates and prove points along the way, so you can measure progress towards our stated business and financial targets. Karen, back to you.
Ellen Kullman: TiO2 continues to perform very well in the marketplace that high-quality pigment and penetration that we've had in Asia-Pacific has produced the strong results you see. It is very tight market. And that tight market, given that it is a commodity chemical, does influence price and allow price to move. That is a very competitive environment, and so the exact amount will depend on exactly the actions of our competitors. But I do think there's positive momentum there and that you can see those results coming through the end of this year and into next year.
Ellen Kullman: I think that's a little hard to predict right now. I think I defer that to our December event when we're going to put 2011 in great context for you.
Ellen Kullman: I think Bob, there were number of years we've been globalizing that business. And so although our assets tend to be along the Gulf Coast or in Tennessee, the majority of our assets plus Guanyin in Taiwan, we shipped globally out of these very efficiently. And so this has been a pattern that's been changing over the long course. It's just not been a 2010 kind of pattern. We've had great penetration into Asia-Pacific, as they've really increased their use of pigment in a wide variety of markets, especially the high-quality pigment like we produce. And so this isn't just a 2010 issue. It really is a long-term issue.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so in China, there's really no update on that project. We continue to work locally with the government to obtain the business license to enable us to construct the plant. And so we continue to drive that. In terms of raws, you see some of that coming through in our results this year, this quarter with chlorine and things like that. We obviously, having the position we have in the marketplace and the relationship we have with the value chain, have strong relationships in the key raw materials that are enabler for us, and so we remain confident in that area.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so if you talk about the Coatings division, we have gotten back to pre-recession margins, so it kind of the place to start from to then continue to improve. Our volumes are below pre-recession levels, so we still have operating leverage in that business that we can take advantage of as we move forward. So that is a lagging business from that standpoint and we continue to drive productivity, continue to drive our relationships in the marketplace to be able to get that operating leverage going forward. You also mentioned Performance Materials. I don't see that as lagging. Their margins have returned now. I think their volumes are still below pre-recession levels, but with the restructuring we've done and the focus we have on operating leverage, I think those teams have really done a great job at capturing a lot of value for our company coming through this year.
Ellen Kullman: Sure. So 80% complete are the numbers we have. Now our data collection at our customer trials is about 60% complete. So we got a lot of information, but we got more coming in and we'll share that as we get through the early part of November and obviously spend a lot of time on this in the December Investor Event. So our growers saw solid high-yielding performance, and I think that we're very pleased with what we have seen. We're on track with our strategy. We continue to lead in doubles, triples continue to line up with competition. At AcreMax 1, it's in line with our Herculex extra trials, no yield loss there and the convenience on the below-the-ground insects. And we are performing the competition there. So we're on plan with AcreMax 1 and Nick mentioned the 1 million units going into next year. So I think from a corn standpoint, we're very pleased with our progress. In soy, what we're seeing at a Y series, farmers have thrilled. This year, the value proposition is working and we're only 60% penetrated in Y series in 2010, so we got more room to go there next year. And so I think that we're very, very pleased. And Rynaxypyr, you look at the crop protection side. It's just tremendous, the gains we're getting there and really noble product, and with plain view coming in, as Nick mentioned, I think that's more opportunity for us. So I think coming through our pipeline looks good. We got good momentum coming out of '10 and going into '11 and we're on track. So we're very pleased with our results there.
Ellen Kullman: Earnings, I think it's about, I don't think it's any bigger or smaller. I think it's about the same as what has been.
Ellen Kullman: Well, Don, I respectfully say, I didn't really feel there was a holiday from competition. I think competition is very strong certainly and things come and go but I view this as a very competitive area. I think as we look out next year, I think we've got good momentum going for us. I think that the issue of availability I don't see. I see what our forecast and where we are. I think that we're very happy given what we're seeing in terms of the projections on acreage and things like that. And I think it's based on our direct-to-market view. I think we spend a lot of time with the growers, really focusing on what the value proposition is. I think there's a lot of noise out there around what competitors will and won't do. But it's our direct engagement with the customer on the total value proposition that I think is an enabler for us in this area. So I think that the time will tell, we'll certainly get into a lot more detail on this as we see the exact results that come out of all of our trials. But I think right product, right acre is working, and I think it's a differentiator for us.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think that based on the value proposition and yield increases, I think pricing will be up. I think the exact nature of it is going to depend on how the whole season plays out, so we've got a lot of time to focus on that.
Ellen Kullman: Nick, I think his question was around some comments about restocking for Performance Materials and if you could give some color on that.
Ellen Kullman: So in the comment on inventory builds, it's been stance but it's been there, especially in places like Performance Materials where they are third tier, so the funnel has to be filled. We don't see it as much for instance in Coatings, which is first tier and direct with the automotive maker. We believe people are going to be conservative with inventories coming through the end of the year. At the end of the day for all of us, cash still remains to be a focus area, and we think that the people are going to be cautious and are going to make decisions right for them. So we're not anticipating an increase in inventories. As a matter of fact, we're anticipating the people will be very moderating with them as they exit the year.
Ellen Kullman: No, I'd suggest I have that conversation with the president of that unit, and that's just great, great performance by our guys. And I think the bar is going to get reset there as we go through these execution reviews in the next couple of weeks.
Ellen Kullman: I think that cost have come down with capacity increases in the module market. I think we've seen that in the last year. I think that's been an enabler as some of the movement in feed and tariffs and things like that in different countries to enable there still to be a value proposition for the installation of these. We're focused on innovation on our materials that go into these markets to provide higher efficiency and to really help them create the payback and the return on the modules. There are still a way to go there but we see constantly company is reaching out to us, engaging around the efficiency equation and how to create more in that space. So I still think there's a way to go there.
Ellen Kullman: I think it's the comps and I think it's the seasonality. And I think that that's what we have to take into account as we look at the fourth quarter.
Ellen Kullman: Great. Thank you. And I want to close with a comment I made last quarter, and that comment was that we will continue to earn your expect and confidence with each quarter. Today's results reflect strong market positions, robust R&D pipelines, ongoing productivity and disciplined execution. And now our focus is on the fourth quarter and equally as important, position our businesses for continuing success in 2011. So I look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Event on December 9 in Wilmington. You'll hear from the top leaders of the company, including the presidents of our 13 businesses, and we'll share details of our 2011 plans, as well as expectations for long-term growth and profitability. So thank you all for joining us on today's call, and I look forward to talking to you soon.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Yes, so as you know, we announced we issued $2 billion of additional debt and we got very attractive rates averaging about 3.5%. We retired about $1.3 billion of debt early, which had rates in the greater than 5%. So on an ongoing basis from an interest expense standpoint, when you look at those two pieces, it's about flat. Interest expense will be about the same as it has been, put on $2 billion of debt versus the $1.3 billion that was in place before.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Yes, I think if you look at Performance Materials and you got to look at their position in the supply chain and where they service industries such as the Automotive segment, and really, we don't see the level of holiday time that was originally projected, so we continue to see some volume increases in that regard. But as we said, we're not going to have the same level of year-over-year increase in Automotive that we saw in quarter three, which was significantly up versus what we're going to see in quarter four, 8% year-over-year for global in quarter three and about down 1% in quarter four.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So when you look at SG&A, let me take a step back. When we look at how we're going to spend our investment dollars, whether that be R&D, sales and marketing, et cetera, we have a rigorous process we go through around portfolio of initiatives. And we went through that and decided there were going to be certain strategic areas that we were going to focus on in sales and marketing initiatives. And a lot of that work was done in that first half of the year. Areas such as in Pioneer, for example. And so that's what you're seeing there, Jeff. As far as the second part on raw material costs, sorry. When you look at the raw material costs, keep in mind a couple of things, Jeff. Keep in mind, first, that we're looking and comparing this against an all-time low point in the third quarter of 2009. When you look at the first half, we said we are about 1% increase year-over-year. We're seeing 5% to 6% for the full year increased. So what you're seeing here is with the productivity work that we've been doing around our working capital, some of these price increases are coming through, are getting through our inventory much quicker and getting to the earnings at a faster, faster rate as a result of that working capital productivity and the growth that we're seeing. Fourth quarter, we're seeing somewhere around similar year-over-year sort of increases and probably slightly less. But as I say for the full year, it'll be 5% to 6% year-over-year increase in raws.
