Patrick Fitzgerald: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for DuPont 's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. On today's call, we will also discuss 2 strategic transactions that we announced this morning. We're making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We will extend today's call to approximately 90 minutes to allow for Q&A related to both earnings and the strategic announcements. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call.  These slides are posted on the Investor Relations' section of DuPont 's website and through the link to our webcast. Joining me on the call today are Ed Breen, Chief Executive Officer; and Lori Koch, Chief Financial Officer. Jon Kemp, President of Electronics and Industrial, will also join for the Q&A session. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainty, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.  Our 2020 Form 10-K, as updated by our current and periodic reports, include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today excludes significant items. We will also refer to other non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in our press release and posted to the investor page of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Ed.
Patrick Fitzgerald: Thanks Ed. Before we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. We will allow for one question and one follow-up question per person. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Patrick Fitzgerald: Thanks, Ed. Thanks everyone for joining our call. For your reference, the copy of our transcript will be posted on DuPont's website. This concludes our call.
Ed Breen: Thanks, Pat. And good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. In addition to our excellent quarterly results, I am pleased on the opportunity today to talk about two significant strategic moves we are making to further strengthen our portfolio and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. I will provide a brief overview of these announcements before Lori walks you through earnings. And then I'll be back to go into more depth on our announcements today. Our team has delivered outstanding results in the third quarter above the high end of our guidance ranges for sales, operating EBITDA, and adjusted EPS, highlighted by the actions we took to implement price increases to stay ahead of raw material inflation.  In the quarter, we delivered a neutral price cost impact for the Company, which is a proof point and effectively managing the levers within our control to deliver strong results. Market demand in nearly every one of our end markets were strong and our supply chain organization executed well in a challenging environment to deliver for our customers. Organic growth was up high single to double-digits in every segment in the quarter. I am pleased by the quick actions our teams took to position us to continue managing the supply chain challenges and raw material cost pressures effectively as we head into the fourth quarter.  As Lori will cover in a few minutes, we expect to fully offset raw material price headwinds again in the fourth quarter. As I mentioned, we also announced 2 strategic transactions this morning. The acquisition of Rogers Corporation and our attempt to divest a substantial portion of our Mobility and Materials segment will significantly strengthen DuPont 's position in our core high growth, high margin markets with a focus on electronics, water, and technologies, and next-generation automotive. In addition to focusing the portfolio, these strategic actions will accelerate our top-line growth, operating EBITDA margins, and significantly improve our earnings stability.  The combined transaction will allow us to benchmark extremely well against best-in-class multi-industrial peers, thereby resulting in long-term value creation. I will cover the details of the Rogers and M&M transactions in a moment. But first, let me turn it over to Lori to discuss the quarter, as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year.
Ed Breen: Yeah. We're highly confident of there’ll be a sale here. We already know people are interested in this asset. We've had many calls at even in recent times about the assets. So it's going to sell. We're starting -- literally starting the process in the next few days. And one of the great things about the sale of this, it's really extremely tax-efficient for us, which makes it very attractive. The tax leakage on this deal will be mid-single digits to high-single digits, so it's pretty incredible that we're able to accomplish that. So I'm highly confident it's going to sell. I would say just targeting for your thinking that we close a deal like that around October of next year.  By the way, I also am highly confident, which is kind of surprising. It's in everyone's sum of the parts of DuPont, M&M is by far the lowest multiple in the Company. And yet we will sell it for more than the multiple that DuPont trades at today. I would also say if you just benchmark DSMs coming to market, I think a lot of you guys and analysts have it going for at least 11 times. Our asset is a way better asset. It's better on growth. It's better on margins. It's much more global, bigger. And so I don't -- I'm confident it will sell for even more than the Company literally currently trades at now.
Ed Breen: Yes, it's pretty similar to our other deals. And by the way, it's a very achievable number for us. As we said in our prepared remarks, we took ICS, which is one of our division this will be in the E& I segment. We used ICS. We use Laird and the Rogers deal. And adding in the Laird synergies, by the way, it's 6% of revenue. So we're highly confident. We've been scoping this out for a long time. One of the nice things here, I guess I'd say nice is it's a public company. So all those costs go away, which are pretty significant obviously. And that just happens. Then a big chunk of it is G&A and functional costs, streamlining it into our structure.  We get some procurement savings also. And then we've got some facility consolidations. We've got sales offices all overlapping each other globally as an example. So we've scoped it out and a lot of detail. Obviously, we'll get more detail once we can sit down even more with the team. And I would also add, we had just closed on the Laird deal July 1, and we had announced $60 million of synergies with Laird. And the team is now at $63 million. And that's literally line-by-line, who's doing it? When are we getting it? What's the payback? So we have line of sight. And hopefully we're being conservative here on the combo at a $115 million of synergies for Rogers.
Ed Breen: Yes. Look, Steve, it's all auto. That's all centered on the semiconductor. We did not see it in the third quarter as you could tell by Laurie's prepared remarks, we had a very robust third quarter still going along, we're seeing a little bit order pattern on the auto end go down, we're just expecting it has to through the rest of the quarter because auto builds are down 17% in the second half of the year.  So that's pretty much how we modeled it out and said, we'll probably see it here in the fourth quarter. And look, you all know it's -- consumer demands their -- auto builds are supposed to be up 11% next year, so we should be in good shape in 2022. But I think we'll probably take a little bit of a hit here in the fourth quarter, and that's what we guided to. There's no softness anywhere else in the portfolio. As you can tell, every one of our sub-segments is up nicely except for one.  So out of nine segments, 8 of them were up nicely, and the only 1 that wasn't was related to the smartphone market and we knew that. We already had highlighted that to everybody because the demand came earlier in the year of the tee up for the production of the phones, and we knew the second half of the year would be softer and it will be fine again next year. So demand's perfect everywhere else. By the way, our supply issues with force majeures have cleaned up substantially, so we're not dealing with that. We're really dealing with just the semi thing, and of course, everyone's dealing with logistics and shipping and all that.
Ed Breen: So Steve, at the end of the day if you go to the end of 2022, your numbers are clearly in the zip code there. And as we highlighted in our remarks, there are a couple of M&A targets we love. We've been looking at for literally two to three years, and we also are going to stay very balanced with share repurchase,. But we don't need to make any of those decisions now. We won't get the cash for the M&M business until about October first of next year. And we'll see where things are at that point in time.
Ed Breen: Yeah. If there is anything of this size, like a Rogers or something, just to give you a feel, it would be at least around the time or after the proceeds for M&M. So we're going to put this pre -payable debt in place here just in the interim period. We can pay that off when we get the proceeds, as Lori said. And then we will have, as Q - Steve Tusa   was alluding to there, some billions of dollars available at that point in time.
Ed Breen: So we'll really be looking hard. Is it share repurchase? Is there an M&A opportunity in one of the sweet spots for us? And we'll make that decision then. But I wouldn't expect that you would see us do anything before we are close to or around the time getting those proceeds in the fall. By the way, the team is very capable. It's a separate team that's doing a lot of the work on the separation of M&M. we can get a transaction place for M&M in the next 3-to-5-month time frame. They have us a closed deal, but then we can't spend it until we do all the separation work, which is why I say October of 2022 to get all that done where the cars are done, the separations are all done, the tax works all done, where we can separate it.
Ed Breen: So that team did extremely good at doing it. You've watched us do the RMT and all that. And Jon's team is very far and very quickly into the integration of Laird. And this will just overlay on to that. So I don't see any issues from a bandwidth standpoint of the Company.
Ed Breen: Steve [Indiscernible] just that overall for DuPont to your line of question. We've highlighted you that we've had over $400 million of raw material inflation this year. $300 million of the 400 is in the M&M division for the feedstocks there. And that by the way, again, it's a great business, but that's what jerks the results around. Most of our pricing, by the way, was in the M&M division because we needed it to cover the raw material inflation. So if you take the whole rest of the DuPont portfolio, we only had a $100 million raw material inflation. That's a pretty nice place to get to from that angle also.
Ed Breen: No. First of all, I would be very disappointed if we sold M&M for a 10x multiple. By [Indiscernible] is comparing to what I'm using as an 11 multiple. By the way, there has been assets out there, not as good as this one that has sold for 12 and a little above 12 times in the marketplace. We're going to get a good number for this one. I will stress again; I have personally had phone calls from people that have interest in this asset. I think the private equity world is going to be extremely interested in this asset.  By the way, I think there is a very interesting opportunity out there because it's publicly noted, DSM is going to market with an assets that would fit beautifully with this [indiscernible] an unbelievable Company. So I think you're going to see a lot of interest around this. And it's going to garner a nice multiple, which by the way back to my point, it's the lowest multiple in some of the parts in our Company. and we'll get more for it than DuPont trades at.
Ed Breen: Yes, David. Well, first of all, look, I'm not worried about PFAS. Look, you know I want to get it resolved. I know there's a little bit of a cloud still lingering out there. We will get it resolved. The last announcement we did was a settlement that cost us $12.5 million in the State of Delaware. We're actively working and comfortable we're going to get there and we'll clean that issue up for the Company. That's number 1. Number 2, spinning E&I out, you really got to go through the analysis of what that trades for, and I agree it would trade higher. But what will new DuPont trade at on a bigger EBITDA base with what we put together here. And we're taking up our top-line growth rate.  We're taking up our EBITDA margins. We're taking out the cyclicality in the portfolio. There's no way that doesn't benchmark well against some of these premier companies that we've used. So if you get some multiple uplift in DuPont, it negates the multiple uplift from the E&I, which is a smaller EBITDA base. I'd also say I get asked a lot about because I've done a fair amount of RMT stuff. I always getting asked back. There is no partner for E&I. It's the business. There's nothing that matches up in size, even pre the Laird deal, by the way, that makes sense.  And it would be pieces of E&I, which could leave just a partial business in DuPont and take the rest of it out. And then by the way, the beauty here, again, remember the tax leakage is literally mid-single digits to high-single digits depending on what price we get for it. That's a rare situation to be in. So it makes a lot of sense for us to do M&M.
Ed Breen: Yeah, and by the way, just on the M&M front going into next year, we've continued during the fourth quarter and implement some price increase actions to make sure we keep covering the raw materials. So I think 2022 will be -- it has to be a solid year for the business.
Ed Breen: John, they have very nice wins. We did a lot as we've been hearing it in the marketplace, and obviously, studying them for a few years, but we've done a lot of due diligence around the pipeline and the wins, and they're very well positioned as Jon said on ADAS, EV with wins and a lot of design opportunities that they are working on. So we feel very good about a high-single-digit growth rate going forward for the business.
Ed Breen: Look, when we talked about rep cost synergies, hopefully we're being conservative, and we can beat those numbers as we are already are on layered by the way. So we'll keep updating you as the year goes on. By the way, the multiple is actually, I hate to get right too adjustable, but it's 13.6 times, and if we find additional synergies, we reduced it from there, and we'll just keep updating. And now that we can sit down and actually with the teams in more detail, that's usually when we can really sharpen the pencil and really look at what else we can do. And we'll be doing that over the next few months. So highly confident, we'll get that amount, and we'll -- yes, we've always been in the past, let me just say that.
Ed Breen: Well, most of that would being in the M&M business. So you try to hold price as long as you can, when [indiscernible] come down. So you might get some benefit there. But I would say over a more intermediate time, they attract each other. You wouldn't have a margin problem. If [indiscernible] did comes down significant, you could give up some price. But you hold it as long as you could. By the way, the logistics issues, I don't think are getting any better out there. All the [Indiscernible] did get better as we said. So the raw material supplies into M&M has substantially improved, which is great.  And we're able to catch up a little bit last quarter with our customers and orders we couldn't ship in the first and second quarter, but we're looking right now at additional surcharges on freight, because that has continued to go up, especially ocean freight and all that. So I don't think -- we're probably will [Indiscernible] do some here. We're actually have a meeting in the next couple of days where we are going to do a surcharge instead of a price increase on the actual product itself. So people know, look, we're just testing us [Indiscernible] all because of the freight increases. So we want to be positioned well going into 2022.
Ed Breen: Yes and our exposure in the housing commercial sector in China is minimal. That's a bigger business for us on the residential side in North America. So really no impact there.
Ed Breen: Yes. Sure. So look, the 19 times I would never do a standalone in 19 times. I can tell you that. But we comfortably have it down to 13.6 times with the synergies. We know we can get it, as I said a minute ago, hopefully, we can get some upside to that. So I feel very comfortable buying. This is a very high-quality Company. And one of the things, Jon and I, and Lori, we love about it, is really it's high in technology expertise. They're scientists. The products they developed are on the cutting edge. It's exactly what DuPont does.  So the barriers around that we like and it's always -- it's to our existing end customers and it also expand some markets where we think we can leverage our products, as Jon said, into these other markets. So it's a very high-quality asset. Again, we've watched it for years and seriously for 3 years. And the beauty about the 13.6 times, we feel like they -- with the funnel they have there on the cost of some real secular growth areas that we're getting in on a burly with them. By the way, we feel like we did that with Laird, and we're already seeing it in the performance of Laird there.  Nicely outperforming what we said we would do. So we have literally bought Laird now. If you just use the numbers they're running at this year, we bought Laird 10 times. I think when we announced it, we said it was 11 times. and the performance we're going to end the year out on layered is already brought that down to 10 times. Again, on very high-quality asset, we got at a great price. We think we're right at that point with Rogers, with the secular growth there. ADAS is growing 15%, EV's are growing 30%, just to name the auto industry and Rogers is very well-positioned there and these things are just beginning to really ramp.
Ed Breen: Yeah, I don't want to answer something out of '23. But look, I think we've teed up a portfolio. As we said, it's going to be higher growth and then very little volatility in itself. [Indiscernible] dependent, if we do another acquisition or we do more share repurchase. It depends on that also because I think it's back to Q - Steve Tusa 's comments. There are some billions of dollars sitting here at the end of 2022. So depends how we redeploy that to create shareholder value also.  So there's still some big moving pieces, but again, we expect nice growth in '22 in the core new portfolio. And we expect nice growth in 2023. As Lori has mentioned, 40% of the portfolio was clearly nicely growing way nicer than GDP because they are in the secular growth areas, take our water business, you take pretty much the whole E&I sector into account there. Just the name [indiscernible] and with the Laird now in there and the Rogers in there you get a nice part of our portfolio growing at a nice clip.
Ed Breen: Well, first of all, the comps, by the way, they really are good comps because if you take the broad bucket of multi - industrials, the end markets we're in are all the key end markets, a lot of the other multi-industrial. And so we're not drifting off from something else here that's different. In fact, I would say the one thing that was different actually from the compared group was more M&M. That was probably most people would lean more towards the chemical industry and not the multi-industrial. But the portfolio now lines up end market very, very well. Look, we'll work that issue on the multi-industrial over time.  We are putting an action plan together on it. We need our investors to focus on that. We need to talk to the right people at the right funds within the big companies that invest in us and we'll work that issue. But I think over time, we will get compared, I mean, we benchmark really nice against that group.
Ed Breen: No, the 2020 -- The closing the Rogers deal, I don't see any issues. We've obviously studied the antitrust extremely deeply. So I don't see any issues there. Could that close a little bit sooner? It could. But we're just targeting the second quarter to be safe; could be a little faster. I don't think M&M will be faster than October 1, because the long pole in the tent is more the work we have to do internally at DuPont to separate it. So we'll announce a sale to somebody way sooner than October 1, but we won't be able to actually separate it out of the Company until that point in time.
Ed Breen: Well, by the way, we're down to the [indiscernible] five platforms that we mentioned. So if it could come really in any of those [indiscernible we would love to have [Indiscernible] in the water space. We love it. It's high [Indiscernible] growth rate. I think it's a sector [Indiscernible] go on for many, many years. And it's a global issue, which we can help solve for people. So we do like that space. Look, let's see how this year goes, I'm highly confident people will recognize what's in this portfolio, I will also add, I think, which would be very helpful for everybody. We started doing the teachings.  Jon did one on Semiconductor a month or so ago. We have one coming up here shortly and we're going to walk you through every key piece of the portfolio and I think going really highlight the value of our -- internally, I'll use two companies we have, Vespel and Kalrez, and I don't think anyone has a clue what those businesses are like and how awesome they are, and how good in the growth trends in those businesses is. So just the name too that we didn't talk about today. So I think the teach-ins will be very, very powerful and people will see what we have, and the value in the technology that we have in the Company. And I think that's going to be helpful also.
Lori Koch: I think the only thing you're off is on the timing of the receipt of the cash from the divestiture. So we ended the third quarter with about $1.7 billion in cash. We generated $600 million and change in free cash flow in the third quarter, and we'll expect a similar posting in the fourth quarter. And we'll also continue to be active in the market with our share repurchases, probably about 500 million incremental in the fourth quarter. That will put you about maybe a just shy of $2 billion at the end of the year. And then, you'll get next year the increment from the launch -- the M&M proceeds from the divestiture and then paying for the Cardinal acquisition.  I've already -- we already have the funding in place for that. The one item outside of free cash flow that we will get in the fourth quarter, as Ed had mentioned, is the proceeds from the Clean Tech divestiture. So that should be about $470 million after tax. It will be incremental to the roughly $2 billion that I had previously mentioned for ending the year.
Lori Koch: Yes. The reasonable target could be around that 2.75 times by the close of the completion of both the divestiture of the M&M business, payment for the acquisition of Rogers, and then ideally another acquisitions post the receiving the proceeds from the M&M transaction, which would have us back to that 2.75 times around mid to end of 2023.
Lori Koch: Yes. And David, I think the chart that Ed was referring to in the backup is the pie chart on our end market exposure. And if you look at that, over half of our portfolio between electronics, next-gen auto, which we define as battery in ADAS applications and water. That portfolio is mid-single-digits and then some from a growth perspective. It's a really nice round out from a pro forma DuPont perspective.
Lori Koch: Yes. Vincent, it really comes from going back to the Dow-DuPont transaction. And we were able to step up the basis of the Heritage DuPont assets of which are all going as part of the M&M transaction. So all those businesses, they're in perimeter for M&M or from Heritage DuPont. And therefore, have the benefit of the stepped-up basis from Dow-DuPont transaction.
Lori Koch: Yes. The current estimates as you head into 2022, it's really just shifting out. And so the IHS is estimating 11% growth in auto builds next year. And that still doesn't get you back to where we were pre -trade war, pre -pandemic at an $88 million or $89 million auto build number. So we're confident that growth is just getting pushed out. The demand is definitely there. You couldn't get a car now if you tried and so I think there's definitely still a lot of pent-up demand for us to serve. So we have confidence, it's really just a timing issue. It's not a share issue. It's not an underlying issue from a consumer perspective. It's really just when they're able to -- auto makers are able to get the chips to complete the production of the cars.
Lori Koch: We're very good at getting at stranded costs quickly. So if there is any to be had, we'll get at it. We'll look at the transaction holistically. So you'll have the M&M portfolio going out, Rogers coming in and then another transaction coming in sometime later fall once we have line of sight for the proceeds from the M&M divestitures. So we benchmark best-in-class from a G&A perspective. We'll continue to benchmark best-in-class, post the transaction.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we estimated 270 for next year, so the largest incremental growth really is just coming from the top line. So you've got the benefit from -- they had made a small acquisition of silicone engineering that they just announced recently. So you have the benefit of that, as well as about mid-teens growth from an organic perspective, really coming from the strength in the pipeline that Jon had highlighted earlier. So about 30% of their revenue is in advanced mobility, which is ADAS, which is growing kind of in the mid-teens, and then battery which gets upwards of 20% plus. And then, finally, they did have a fire at one of their facilities in Asia, so we're expecting a recovery there, incremental 2022 over 2021. Those are really the key drivers of the top line that are dropping to the bottom line and giving us that confidence that we'll get to 270 next year.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So really the only pull back that we potentially will see in China in the fourth quarter. So in the third quarter, our organic growth in China was about 11%. That put us in the low 20% year-to-date. And in the fourth quarter right now, we're expecting high single-digit growth in China organically. So the sequential deceleration is really just a reflection of the semiconductor shortage that we had highlighted earlier impacting primarily our auto sales less so our electronics sales. And then that timing shifts that we've been highlighting around the timing of the smartphone deliveries that favors the first half.  So I would say no overall structural change. Our expectations of being up organically 7% in the fourth quarter is ahead of where GDP is expected to be right now for China as well. So we'll continue to outpace.
Lori Koch: The raw material constraints have really basically alleviated. So compared to where we were in the first half with a freeze in Texas we're light years beyond that. So everything is generally back to normal with respect to raw material supply. What we're facing right now is really just the semiconductor shortage impacting the OEMs that are pushing lower demand back to us. And so once we can resolve the semiconductor shortage challenge probably in some time into mid next year, and you'll get back to more normal environment. So it's really not raw. It's really just the semi shortage.
Jon Kemp: Hey, Steve, this is Jon. Thanks for the question. Rogers, high market-leading, high-frequency laminate. As you alluded to, they do use some floral products, some floral-polymers in order to help achieve some of that performance. It's a world-class supplier. They've got a diversified supply base of blue-chip companies, globally-recognized suppliers of that, who are actively involved in all of the regulatory and other industry activity. They're leading the way on that in terms of how we address some of the floral materials. Our teams have done a detailed diligence on the EH&S, the environmental, the product stewardship components of that.  And we're comfortable with what that product line is doing, how it's performing right now, and the supplier base for those materials, as it relates to the inflationary pressures to the raw material, slash pressures. It's very consistent with our electronics business, our E&I business today, in the sense that you don't see a lot of the run-ups that we experience in some of the big commodity moves. These are value-based material and you get some exposure to obviously copper used in laminates and silicone. But not any different than what we have in the rest of the portfolio and it's been -- the team's fairly comfortable with our ability to manage that proactively.
Jon Kemp: Yeah. David, maybe I'll give you two quick examples here. When you look at it, Rogers really adds complementary materials and components that really build on DuPont's position in the industry today. If you use just an -- if you pull out kind of two specific application areas around 5G in applications, in smartphones, wireless infrastructure, military and defense electronics, and automotive radar system, DuPont 's the leader in flexible laminates and Laird has E&I shielding and the thermal management solutions. Rogers is the market leader in rigid PCB substrates.  And so with that enhanced offering, not only can you cross-sell customers and expand your share of wallet with a global customer base, but one of the things we're really excited about and we're already starting to see this with the layered integration process, by the way, is engaging with customers to co-design, and it help address some of their most challenging needs. To give you 1 specific example there, everybody is trying to make electronic devices smaller. And one of the ways you get smaller is you use hybrid rigid flex construction on the circuit board, and now we've got a market-leading flex circuit business, a market-leading rigid business and those complex hybrid rigid flex substrates become a lot easier to work with our customers. and they are already asking for it.  If you switch over to the electric vehicle space, we've got quite a bit of content in automotive electronics today. But we really didn't have a lot of exposure prior to Laird or Rogers into things like the automotive -- ADAS systems or the battery. And Laird brought with the EMI shielding with some of the absorbers. A great position in ADAS systems. Rogers built on that with their high-frequency laminates. And then what we're really excited about is the opportunity that they have with the specialty busbars in the specialty foams, performance foams to really address some of the critical needs in the battery packs and power assembly, power electronics part s of the electric vehicles. So you put all that together with our adhesive business, with the rest of our automotive electronics, and we'll really be a preferred partner with both the tier one auto OEMs, as well as the OEMs themselves to design the hybrid and electric vehicles of the future.
Jon Kemp: Yes. Sure, John. When you look at it, it's really different based on the individual product lines and the different divisions of the business. When you look at the high-frequency laminates business, the primary competitors there are companies like Asahi Glass, AGC, who did a couple of acquisitions in the last couple of years to build up their portfolio in that space. You've got some -- Panasonic is there. So primarily Japan-based competitors. And then you've got some local folks in China who are doing some of that as well, largely because of some of the geopolitical situation. All of that is outside and we're that's in the rear-view mirror now. And the Company is really well-positioned in continuing to grow that.  On the ceramic busbars and ceramic substrates and specialty busbars, that's a pretty fragmented business. You've got companies out there like Denka, Serotec, Heraeus, and multiple others. It's a fairly fragmented landscape. What differentiates this technology is really the quality of the ceramic thermal substrates and the synergy that's created with silicon carbide power module, especially for electric vehicles. And so when you combine that with the -- similarly with the specialty busbars, that's going to replace things like the wire harness that's in a power system, as Ed alluded to in his prepared remarks; the quality there is really what allows the step up in the growth acceleration really driven by electric vehicles.  On the elastomer side, it's Company like Saint - Goban, who are really – Woodbridge [indiscernible] Danco, are kind of a few names there across the board, each of these three businesses, Rogers, it has a leading market share. They're among the leaders. They're winning in the market. They've got a great pipeline of opportunities, especially on the automotive, the advanced mobility side with EV and ADAS. They're working with all the power electronic OEMs. And a lot of those are, by the way, are E&I customers as well. So we'll have great relationships across the industry to be able to deliver some of those growth synergies in the upside on a historical growth rate.  They've been growing mid-single-digits. And with the step-up from automotive opportunities and electric vehicles, which are markets that are growing anywhere for mid-teens in ADAS systems to 30% on the EV side, they'll see a nice growth acceleration as those start to scale over the next few years.
Jon Kemp: Yeah, Alex. So I'll go ahead and take that one. You got kind of -- the way to think about it is you got 2/3 of the portfolio with established products that have very attractive margin profiles that closely match the types of things that we have in the rest of the portfolio. And then you've got kind of 1/3 that is in that power electronics space. That is really just starting to scale up based on the EV s. it's great technology with a differentiated position, it has a slightly smaller margin profile today as the volumes are starting to scale up for those applications. As we add the volume in, the margins drift up nicely and then you layer synergies on top of that and you'll have a really solid, very attractive margin profile for the overall business.
