Ed Breen: Thanks, Lori. Before we take your questions, I'd like to highlight that we published our annual sustainability report yesterday, highlighting the ongoing work of our employees across the globe to meet our commitments across all aspects of ESG. As a reminder, our sustainability strategy is grounded in three pillars, innovation, protecting people and the planet and empowering employees and customers. I continue to be proud of the progress we are making on our 2030 goals and remain impressed of the speed in which we are advancing. On climate change, we exceeded our 2030 acting on climate goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 30%, well ahead of schedule. And we have set a new goal which has been validated by SBTi to reach a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030. Regarding innovation, 80% of our top innovation programs deliver sustainability value for customers. Within water, we've helped to enable seawater to be used as a source of potable drinking water with our reverse osmosis technology. We're also helping reduce carbon emissions through building materials innovation and protection. In auto markets, we're making electric vehicle battery safer with our materials for thermal management. And within electronics, we've directly enabled increased performance requirements in semiconductor manufacturing. In our community, we engaged over 500 community projects with over 300 nonprofit partners across 30 countries focused on STEM education. From a DE&I standpoint, many aspects are of inclusive culture continue to be recognized. 2022 marked our second year on Forbes Magazine's world's top female friendly company's list as one example. There are many great examples and stories in the report of how our teams are delivering on our purpose and driving sustainability. Overall, our teams have done a tremendous job. With that, we are pleased to take your questions and let me turn it back to the operator to open the Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes. So Delrin, we're expecting to close by the end of the year. And we've been doing all the carve out work. So we're very far along on accomplishing all that. I'm not going to talk about what we sell it for, but the EBIT is about $180 million on the business. So you kind of figure out the zip code on that as we move forward. Again, that cash should be somewhere kind of in the year beginning of next year.
Ed Breen: Yes, we have not changed that, Steve. Maybe we're being conservative, obviously, as we've said before, we've worked very hard with our teams on how we're going to handle this. As we move forward, the timing is -- we're seeing a little bit of it by the way because of logistics and shipping rates being down. But the big bulk of it will be on the raws. It will be more on the W&P side. And remember, by the time we renegotiate contracts and then you've got like a four month window to get it through our supply chain into a finished good that's sold to kind of figure out timing of it, but we have not changed the assumption which is very little of the $800 million that we raised pricing. And we'll just update everybody as we get to next quarter on that and we'll have a clearer picture of what that potentially is.
Ed Breen: Yes, Jeff. Our leaning right now is nothing else on the radar screen over the next year on the M&A side. We want to get the spectrum deal done, focus on that. By the way, the Laird acquisition we did the other year is going extremely well. So I think there's nothing that we're excited about that we see out there. This one, by the way, we've had our eyes on for quite a period of time. As I think we said in our comments, they're actually a customer of ours. So this is really where we've been focused for the last kind of year, year and a half with our thinking. If I had to say right now with any extra proceeds, I think we would lean towards additional share repurchase. But remember to Lori's comments, it's still going to be about over the next year that we're still taking shares out of the market, existing ASR as we said. And then we'll -- as soon as we finish this one, we'll launch the new ASR for $2 billion, and that will take us till about the end of the first quarter of 2024. So any excess cash we’ll deal with at that point in time, but it depends on the environment, obviously, but if the environment were like it is now where the multiple is for the company. My good is, we lean towards share repurchase.
Ed Breen: Just as an overall comment though, Jeff, it's interesting. The semi -- you go back and study all the other downturn. Remember semi is a great industry, by the way, it's going to go up the next couple of decades, but you always do hit these pockets of some destock and some softness. So -- but this actually for us when you look at our sales rates, semi started coming down at the beginning of the four quarter. So we're two full quarters into the downturn. Now we think the quarter right we are in now is the bottom, just slightly down more from the first quarter. When you look at them, they're usually three to maximum four quarters of a destock. Remember, a lot of this is destock on top of some consumer softness obviously. So we're pretty deep into it. It would appear having said that to your direct question though, we've got a couple other layers of actions we would take on the cost side to protect ourselves. And then back to the conversation we just had with Steve Tusa, obviously, we're going to work this price cost thing real hard and haven't baked a ton in at this point in time. So that would be where the two levers would be.
Ed Breen: Yes. Well, Scott, we didn't take into account any revenue synergies. So let me just talk the cost piece a second. We only put in $20 million of cost synergies, which by the way is only 3% to 4% of revenue, which is, obviously, a low compared to what deals normally are on the synergy side. So I think our net 13.2 times is pretty conservative based on just that $20 million. The real opportunity here is going to be on the growth side. Remember, our relationships at DuPont are mainly and by the way they're very deep relationships are with the biopharma OEMs. Spectrums are more with the medical device OEMs, but a lot of our technology actually goes through companies like Spectrum into that industry. So when we look at the ability for DuPont to move its technologies and material science into the medical device market with Spectrum and [indiscernible] the opposite of that Spectrum moving into the biopharma space. And when we look at the joint opportunities we could have together, we could drive some nice incremental growth there. And by the way, we've been talking to them and looking at this opportunity that I'm talking to for a very long time. So I think that's the big benefit. Can we get some more cost synergies? Probably can, but we haven't counted on it yet. But it will be the growth. This business has been growing. You can see in our charts kind of right around 10% over the last four years, it's going to actually grow faster this year. They've got a couple of big new wins from OEM customers. And then, we can broaden it out a little bit more globally because of our footprint on the Liveo side. But remember, a lot of the medical device players are U.S. based companies that sell globally. The other opportunity, Scott, the other big one we have is, we have a path to get the margins of Spectrum up about 300 basis points. They very recently, I say in the last year, put in a fair amount of new production capacity that's getting filled up because just the growth rate, they've been on. When you think about four years a row of 10%. So they have a fair amount that they're just completing on the factory expansion side. And as we fill those assets and get them utilized, we'll drive the margins up another 300 basis points. So that would -- that to me would even be a bigger lever than the cost one. It'd be more of that margin expansion and then the revenue opportunity.
Ed Breen: Yes, it's exactly what you said. It's more higher interest rate environment we are in. And I think it's just prudent to set there. By way, not the number one reason, but another reason is, the premier multi industrial companies are all, if you look at it, kind of centered around 2 times leverage. We were kind of targeted up at that 2.75. So we think that this environment interest rate environment, it's just a prudent place to be. And so that's where we'll end the year about there, maybe actually a little slightly below 2 times depending on the Delrin proceeds that we get. And then, we always have -- we preserve our strategic flexibility there, but that's kind of where we'd like to target ourselves moving forward. But really the interest rate environment is the key reason.
Ed Breen: No, it's in there. We have a pay -- I mean, just the growth rate they're on right now, if you look at it, they're going to be -- I won't get into specific numbers. They'll be north of 10% growth this year. So just adding that leverage into the system really moves the needle for us, especially when they built new capacity in place and you're sitting there with it, you're hiring people on, you're just kind of going through that digestion period as you're ramping up. So as we said, their revenues this year, Lori, just mentioned 2022, the revenues this year will be like $500 million. So nice growth trajectory and you just play those numbers through the system, that's where you get to.
Ed Breen: No, there's no seasonal reason, Vincent. It's hard to tell exactly what month it is in there. But we've modeled all the other downturns. Remember, this downturn is pretty significant now, 13% down is correct. You're hitting it pretty quick on the destocking. And then, by the way, there's one other factor here that kind of pushed it out a little bit. One of the very large semiconductor players kept running hard on their fab utilization through the first quarter and that's public knowledge. I'm not going to mention the name, but one of the big players. So that is creating also the fact that they got to take their utilization down pretty rapidly here. And I think they just talked publicly about that a week or so ago. So that was one of the other reasons that gets kind of pushed it out a little and they got to go through destock also.
Ed Breen: Yes, John, it's something we've been looking at how to report it. It's interesting. Yes, healthcare will be 10% of the portfolio now. The water business by the way is developed into 10% of the portfolio. I think both really nice good secular end markets for us over coming years at higher growth rates, obviously, both of those. So we'll take a look at that. We don't -- we'll probably look at it as we enter 2024 to see if we do anything, but no decision on that yet.
Ed Breen: No, because it's a short cycle business, so you can't really -- we'll have a little bit of lift as Lori said in the ICS business. And that’s typical for us as she said, you're going into the holiday season later in the year. So we start our shipments and you can see one of our charts, just the smartphone piece alone picks in third, fourth quarter there. So we begin shipments there. But past that, it's short cycle business and we'll see it and we'll ship it pretty quick.
Ed Breen: And remember, Steve, 70% of that business is recurring. We're replacing membranes and all at these industrial sites. And it's just a secular trend that should continue because including DuPont, we're all working on that for our ESG targets. And it's besides greenhouse gas emissions, it's the other big one.
Ed Breen: No, it's a core business for us. I remember a very key component of that is our Tyvek franchise, which is a very nice margin business for us against all of the end markets that we service with Tyvek, including the construction market. Obviously, Lori mentioned a really nice market for that is medical packaging. So it's definitely part of the portfolio.
Ed Breen: I think John, it's important to note that there are individual raw materials where we would be buying at lower prices, but there are others that have maintained an inflation curve. And there are a lot of things that we buy that are very supply driven in terms of the dynamic and it could take quite a while to kind of unlock any kind of relief there. Even if you take a really basic benchmark price and suggest that that could be down already today. So there are puts and takes within the portfolio, but I think yes, the punch line here is that there's well less than $100 million of net benefit in the model that we have today and that's inclusive some of the savings that Lori referenced from logistics and energy, but netting out as we go through the year later some potential give back that could be necessary. So there really isn't that much in there. And yes, I suppose that could present an opportunity as we look forward, but we haven't seen a lot of benefit come through today.
Ed Breen: Yes. So the trial comes up in about a month out now, David. And I'll just say we've been talking pretty regularly with the plaintiffs. As I've mentioned last quarter, the judge did a point of mediator who, by the way, is very actively involved with these regular conversations we're having. So we're feeling positive, but I'll leave it at that right now.
Ed Breen: You're never, I guess, complete, but I would summarize it, yes, we feel like we're complete for a period of time here. We like where we're at. This was the last piece we were looking at. And so, I don't see anything over the next like year just against state of time period. I think we like where the portfolio is at. We just want to operationally run it well.
Ed Breen: There's definitely more you could add to it. And again, we like it secularly. So that's why we've kind of doubled down in this area. But remember, we have a lot of opportunity between what we already had and they had. So we really like it because of that. So yes, there's other opportunities down the road, but it's just like the layer, we want to get this in, we want to get it synergize, we want to get it really humming with our business. So over the next year, that's what we'll be focused on.
Lori Koch: Yes. And on the pricing side. So we saw 4% total in Q1. It was 6% in W&P. We see that decelerating as we lap the 2022 benefits. And so in the second quarter, we expect an overall about 1% price lift, really 2% in W&P and flat B&I.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think on the on the inventory piece too. So we did take action in the first quarter that was a headwind to E&I margins of about $40 million to $45 million to be able to better align inventory and production rates. And so we saw a headwind there. We'll continue to see that headwind in the second order as well as we try to get inventory more in line with where the demand signal is. But to Ed’s point, to just reiterate on the discretionary side, we are doing a fair amount of actions you can see on the face of our P&L that we took about 10% out of our total [SAR] (ph). That was really a function of the restructuring that we did in the tail end of 2022 as well as really tensioning back sales and travel and expense and we'll continue in that mode as we go into 2Q as we said in 2Q as well.
Lori Koch: There's no sequential price declines of any magnitude baked in. It's more just lapping. Last year, the bulk of the raise was in, like, February-March time frame.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So we still expect continued strength in water. So we had a nice organic growth in the first quarter. On both the price and volume basis and we expect that to continue as we head into the rest of the year. There's a lot of secular trends favoring our water portfolio right now. And on the safety side, we're seeing strength as well in most areas, especially what we highlighted with respect to the Spectrum acquisition on our healthcare portfolio. So we've got about a $500 million medical packaging business in Tyvek that's performing very nicely. So we see those secular trends continuing throughout the rest of 2023. One other area too that we can highlight of growth within the safety portfolio is the EV piece. So there's a nice application for Nomex paper within the e-motor that we're seeing nice growth in the first quarter and we'll look for that to continue as well.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean that's still our expectation with three big tailwinds between now and then. One is obviously the volume recover in E&I and getting those margins back into the low 30s. So we dipped in Q1. That was really a reflection of the volume and the actions we took to align production with demand. So that $40 million to $45 million created a headwind in the first quarter. So that is not permanent, that will resolve itself. Another tailwind is the price cost piece. So as we can see a potential future benefit there that will be margin accretive for us. And so, those are the two biggest levers. And then obviously, the final piece is the mix component. So as you get E&I back on its growth trajectory, obviously, it’s the highest margin piece of our portfolio. So there's a favorable mix lift there as that market starts to recover.
Lori Koch: And even if you back into the numbers that I have mentioned for 2022, that's about a 21% EBITDA margin. 2023 is expected to be 22%, so already 100 basis points of improvement. And they had a really nice first quarter ahead of their management plan actually. So they're on a very nice trajectory to achieve that average $110 million of EBITDA in 2023.
Lori Koch: Yeah. We would expect to see that. And we actually are seeing some share gains in the [indiscernible] in the packaging space still underneath the numbers that we're reporting. So what is clouding our performance versus the MSI is the destock piece. So the destock is pretty significant, that's going on in the first half that would be another headwind on top of the MSI numbers that we had presented in the deck. And so, that's what's crowding the story a little bit, but we still expect that content and exposure to advances [indiscernible] to be able to give us that performance in total.
Lori Koch: Yes. So they compete against [TE, Nordson and Integer] (ph) are some of their larger competitors. As far as on the input side, they are -- they use their specialty polymers and design expertise to manufacture very high complexity materials for the large med device players. And so that's -- as I had mentioned earlier, where we see a really nice sweet spot of being able to leverage the two portfolios. They've got really nice positions with the medical device guys and we've got really nice positions with the biopharma guys. So being able to bring our two portfolios, leverage our expertise and material science across the broader portfolio is where we see the opportunity for us ahead.
Lori Koch: No. You had walked through the pieces. So industrial, we still expect continued strength overall within industrial. There's a little bit of split between interconnect and semi sequentially. So you'll start to see a little bit of the seasonal build that happens normally in interconnect, primarily within this smartphone space. And then we actually see a little bit of sequential deceleration in semi from Q1 to Q2 really a function of what Ed had mentioned earlier on one of the larger customers overbuilding in Q1 and then pulling back in Q2. But net-net, there's not a material change in revenue for the total company or E&I from Q1 to Q2.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean, we would -- so right now, we expect that, that headwind that we'll see in the first half of roundly $90 million from pulling back production in E&I not being there in Q3 and Q4 in the second half. And so if this recovery extends into the fourth quarter, then you would expect that $45 million to recur again in the third quarter. The one caveat that we will make that we don't have baked into the guide to that could offset any decremental weakness if the recovery is pushed out is that, price cost piece. So we don't have anything material baked in that could become a tailwind to the second half based on what we see right now versus what we see right now.
Lori Koch: No. I mean, so the growth we have seen would be more on the industrial side, the business is about 70% favor towards industrial wastewater treatment. So that's what's driving the growth. There's nothing material that we're seeing with respect to any groundwater remediation is coming out from the EPA.
Lori Koch: Yeah. So we saw around the $800 million of escalation last year. It was about 60% raws and the rest roughly split between logistics and energy. We are seeing deceleration on in the logistics and energy side. So obviously, you can look at European and U.S. natural gas and see there's been a sizable pullback there and the ocean freight rates we're seeing tailwinds as well. And so that's where we're seeing most of the deceleration. I wouldn't say we've seen a material amount thus far on the raw material side. Either on both the bulk buy or on the tail spend. So that's the upside as we head into the rest of the year is when we start to see an inflection in the raw material volume.
Lori Koch: Yes, I mean it wouldn't have had the same magnitude of pressure some of the other providers into the elective surgery. So it's selling into the non-elective type, so kind of more the essential surgery. So wouldn't have seen that as significant of a COVID headwind. So I would say the 12% CAGR that we saw from 2019 to 2023 would be too materially awesome where we see it going forward. We kept see it a little bit decelerating to the high single digit range, but still a really nice growth for us and then obviously really nice growth in 2023 on the back of already underlying strong volume as well as they had some sizable new customer wins that are in the process of ramping and really get to a nice clip as we head into the back half of 2023 as well.
Lori Koch: We saw pretty similar volume declines across all three end markets. So do it yourself, residential and commercial markets. And reminder just on the exposure in commercial, it's more so on like the healthcare and education side versus large commercial construction in downtown cities. And so we saw a similar performance from a volume deceleration in all three. We don't have a material pickup in 2023 plans for those markets. So we'll see how they continue to perform, but we don't see an inflection like we do in electronic and construction in general.
Lori Koch: Yes, I mean, it's mostly within E&I that lift and it's going to be more favored to Q4 versus Q3. As you look at slides that we presented on both the smartphones and the semi MSI side. So most of it is that anticipated second half recovery. There is a little bit of seasonality that would play into a first half versus second half comp. But most of it is that is that electronics recovery. And as I had mentioned a little bit more favor to Q4 versus Q3.
Lori Koch: Yeah. We do see the desocking moderating in Q2. Yes. So it peaked kind of in the 1Q, 2Q timeframe and then we see it pulling off a bit in Q3, Q4.
