Ellen Kullman: Great. Thank you, Nick. To recap, second quarter performance reflects a mix of fundamental business growth as well as recovery from the global recession with each region recovering at a different pace. China and Latin America are back above pre-recession levels, Europe is lagging and other markets such as the U.S. are partly back to pre-recession peaks.  We made prudent choices over the past 18 months in terms of cost and capital productivity, plus very selective and targeted growth investments, all of which position the company to deliver cash in the contraction and growth and the expansion. Just as we did in 2009, our businesses are staying close to our customers. As an example, given the uncertainties in Europe and a significant decline in euro, we responded by shifting resources to markets and opportunities that offered the most promising, sustainable growth. We adjusted sourcing plans and controlled cost and capital spend, and you should continue to expect this type of agile response from DuPont to ongoing changes and market conditions. Turning to China, we expect sales growth to continue along in steady improvement trend line. When looking at year-over-year growth rates, second half growth rate will moderate, not a surprise, given the much tougher comps for the second half compared to the comps we had in the first half. To size it for you, DuPont sales in greater China are up about 70% year-to-date. For the second half, we expect sales growth of a healthy 15% over prior year. What you're seeing is growth returning to a more sustainable pace. We expect full year sales in greater China to include Taiwan to be about $3 billion, a 40% increase over 2009. And for reference, our 2009 sales were up about 6% over 2008.  We're not complacent about the global recovery. We will remain close to markets and customers and keep an eye on leading market indicators. We know the levers we have at our disposal to adjust to changing market conditions, and we will continue to meet milestones on the way to delivering against our long-term goals. In closing, second quarter results provide you, the investor, with another proof point regarding DuPont's progress towards our 2012 business targets for sales, earnings and profit margins. We will continue to set challenging targets with clear pathways to achieve them, and they are owned and they are executed by the business teams.  Furthermore, our businesses are targeting innovation towards fundamental global needs. We're setting priorities, putting clear plans in place and delivering against externally benchmarked targets for growth in each business. This approach has built a tremendous energy and confidence in the organization, accelerating a culture shift to manage our performance in a way that creates our own tailwind and momentum.  Nick provided you with our updated guidance for 2010 and the financial assumptions behind it. The main point I want you to take away from today's call is that we are focused on execution. Keep in mind that delivering on our earnings per share outlook means we will grow underlying earnings by more than 45% in 2010. Underpinning this performance is more than 70% segment pretax earnings growth on an underlying basis, excluding Pharma. Each of our 13 business unit presidents has a clear plan, with accountability to deliver results, and we will continue to earn your confidence and respect each quarter. Karen, back to you.
Ellen Kullman: Jeff, I think that the recovery has been stronger, especially in segments like Electronics and Photovoltaics than we had anticipated as we entered the year. Certainly, our innovation that we did not relent on in 2009 has really helped us from a penetration strategy, whether it's Rynaxypyr or Potassium/Sorghum [ph] in Ag or whether it's in Tedlar and other markets. And I think that's really helped us from a standpoint of continuing the volume momentum in this year. The strong recovery helped those volume and price perform the way you see it today. So we're very -- continue to be focused on innovation as a way to continue on momentum.
Ellen Kullman: When you look at sequentially, when you integrated all together, there are puts and takes, but we still stand by the statement I've been making about overall sequential slow improvement. You'll see things like in Electronics, which had a tremendous second quarter. PV you'll probably be 50% in the third quarter, not what you saw in the second quarter. Certainly, automotive, as you look on it will -- it had a huge quarter in the second quarter. It will be about smaller than that going forward. From a volume standpoint in all regions, we had very good momentum. And so it's across the board, and we see it in each of our regions. Third quarter and fourth quarter will look different, but just because of where the third and fourth quarter were in 2009 with the improving environment we have then. And so that's where I think you have to integrate a lot of things to really understand how we're going to progress.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I mean, certainly, we get a lot of information on the housing markets and from both sides of it. Negative one day positive, the other there's still a lot of uncertainty there. We see it in our forecast and what we're experiencing is improving from the standpoint of our product penetration especially in our mix of business. Housing starts, as you all saw, are down, but new housing sales are up. We have actively modified our mix to include more innovation on the commercial side where we had no business before. So we're still seeing improvement even with the market uncertainty because of new products and innovation in areas where we did not participate previously. So we still have our focus on this business, understanding really the lowest of lows right now.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, no, I think December is about as good as it's going to get on that one. I got a lot of work to do to put together because we're talking about a three-year outlook, just not the rest of this year. And so I think that's going to be a time when we can take the time to get together with all of you and really get into detail on each segment and lay that out for you. So our current plan is to share that with you in December.
Ellen Kullman: I spent most of last week out in Des Moines. I was out in the fields with farmers. We're really pleased with the progress we're making. Things look very good. We'll share what we think about '11 later this year as we get the results of these field trials that were out there now. But what I saw last week was very positive, P.J.
Ellen Kullman: Well, I mean, it's a competitive world out there, so obviously what each competitor decides to do has an impact. I was out on a couple of farms last week talking to our customers. This ‘right product, right acre’ strategy, bringing more than just price in a bag to bear is really having an impact for us, and we continue to focus on valuing this pricing. We do it in agriculture as well as we do it in all of our segments, and so we are continuing on our focus strategy there. We bring more than just an individual seed or product, and so we're still focused that our outlook there for this segment continues to be what we have anticipated and talked about over the last few years. So we see us continuing our focus in that area.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, and I think if you take that up a level, there's still moments of people on rush orders and things like that, because I think there is uncertainty out there. People, our customers in some sectors, it's very steady order pattern than others. It's a little more variable. But as we integrate that altogether, we're seeing it improved versus what we saw in the first quarter from that standpoint.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think it's going to come down to yield, and we're in it for the long haul. So as we take a look at what's coming out of the fields this year and we understand the performance of our products competitively, we will set the strategy based on what the farmer will see and the value it will provide them. And so that's a question that I think we're going to be talking about more as we end this year as opposed to right now, because we really need to see what comes out of the field. So I think our channel access and that direct to market 'right product, right acre' gives us a lot of confidence in our value when you strategy on pricing. And I think we'll continue to share with you what we see on that coming through the year.
Ellen Kullman: Europe has shown tremendous results through the first half, a lot of that is euro driven and the strength of what we have seen coming out of the automotive industry and we continue in Europe to expect slow sequential recovery. Auto builds were strong, as I said, in the second quarter, up 7% year-over-year. That'll moderate in the second half. There's been tightening of credit in Southern Europe and that has an impact on construction and refinish and agriculture. But at the same time, PV is very strong in Europe, and we expect the continuation of the incentive shows us that, that will continue through the second half of the year. So it's a mixed bag and when we integrate it together, we expect there to be slow sequential improvement. Now the change we saw in the second quarter with Eastern Europe showed up. In the first quarter, Eastern Europe was very slow to recover. We've seen more recovery in Eastern Europe in the second quarter, and I think that's going to help as well.
Ellen Kullman: So I think that we saw with where raw materials are today and where the marketplace is today and new products that we have introduced in the marketplace that, that really came together to provide a tremendous second quarter results  [Audio Gap]  and things in those sectors. I think we're going to see higher raws putting pressure on margin. In the Chemical side, tremendous performance by our Titanium Dioxide business, tremendous performance by our Fluorochemicals business. They're right in their season, and so I think that both have performed tremendously well. I think they will continue on their quest towards our 2012 goals, and we continue to make improvements in those businesses coming off of the restructuring and the things that we've done, create a lot of operating leverage for them coming through this part of the year.
Ellen Kullman: We don't have many commodity chemicals left. There are certain segments of it that like TiO2, where there's still tremendous volume improvement going on, where there's still opportunities there. So I view our portfolio, yes, it's more basic than the rest of our portfolio, but it's more specialized than what you look out as being basic chemicals out there. So we're kind of in that in between space there, and so we're taking a little better position than many.
Ellen Kullman: I guess we're looking right now about triples of about 37-plus-percent, doubles about 36% for the year. As far as share goes, this is a long term. We're in it for the long haul. There's a lot to play out in terms of product performance on the entire market space, and so I think what it's going to come down to is that relative competitive value for the farmer in terms of the entire package. So you can get into those debates in that, but I think for the most part, we're really focused on right product, right strategy, continuing to advance our product line. And I think that we've had a very, very -- we've got good momentum going for us right now.
Ellen Kullman: We continue to use DuPont Production System as a way to increase incrementally capacity across our lines. There are certainly areas where we're tight, tighter than others. Things like TiO2 or in some of the PV products, we continue to work -- work 150% increase, it's going to impact your capacity. And so we continue to work towards those incremental rebounds that we get with DuPont Production System. And as you know, in several cases like in PV Tedlar, we're in the midst of a major expansion. So we continue to work through that and use the power of DuPont Production System to deliver not only productivity, but to deliver the incremental capacity expansions to help us continue to supply our markets.
Ellen Kullman: Great. Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us on this call this morning. I know a lot of you are very interested in our outlook, and so given our diverse portfolio, given the markets in various stages of recovery in our mid-cycle businesses starting to pick up, our large geographic footprint and our ongoing productivity, we see tremendous opportunity going forward. The second quarter was all about execution and delivering on our commitments, and you should expect the same from us next quarter and the quarter after that. And as I said earlier, we'll continue to earn your respect and confidence. So thank you very much, and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Laurence, this is Nick. Why don't I try to start there, and then Ellen can add to that if she choose. What we're seeing on lead orders is similar patterns to what we've seen for the earlier part of the year. We're seeing the, like I said, the sequential steady improvement quarter-over-quarter. Now there could be some destocking occurring in some of the businesses, and we're comparing against tougher comps in the second half of this year, second half of last year. But we're seeing that steady sequential improvement in pretty much all of our businesses.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Yes, when you look at the Ag business in aggregate and you look at the 16% increase in revenue that we had, 12% of that was volume. And on a U.S. dollar basis, you had about 4% being price.
Nicholas Fanandakis: On Seed, you had about 14% increase with about 8% being volume and 6% being U.S. dollar price for the first half of the year.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So let me take that. We've said that for the year, we're going to have free cash flow of greater than $1.7 billion and we're certainly on track to achieving that target. Our work-around working capital productivity continues. We set about $1 billion over the three-year period, and $400 million is going to be realized this year and we're well on track to achieving that. So tremendous success around controlling working capital levels even in this growing environment. As to uses of that free cash flow, our policy is pretty straightforward in this regard. We take any excess cash, and we look to return that to our shareholders unless there's a compelling investment opportunity for growth within the company. Your specific question around M&A, we're always looking at M&A opportunities. But as we've said in the past, they're in very specific areas. They're in areas that support the direction we're going around the mega trends in the world. So they're in areas like Safety & Protection, they're in our Ag & Nutrition, they're in certain areas of the Electronics segment. Those specific areas is where we'd be looking for strategic potential acquisitions, and they would need to be strategic. We're not looking to just bulk up on an acquisition. It's something we'd be looking to do in an area that would provide value and advantages from a technology or a channel market access sort of opportunity.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Sure. So when you look at the currency through the first half of the year, it's been a tailwind for us and about $0.13 a share tailwind. As we go into the second half of the year, our expectation is that this will turn into a headwind for us. The range could vary if you're looking at a euro at the current levels of about $1.29. It will be about an $0.08 headwind in the second half, so we'll still have a benefit for the year about $0.05 a share. If it goes down to end in $1.24 range on the exchange, it's a little bit more of a headwind. You're looking at about a $0.12 headwind, so you'd be about flat on a total year basis. And all of those numbers that I just quoted are in our outlook ranges that we have provided you in the updates.
Nicholas Fanandakis: So with our biofuels opportunity, there's two elements to that. There's the one element around our cellulosic ethanol being produced. And as you're well aware, we have the facility in Vonore, Tennessee, right now that you actually visited. And that will be commercial in the 2012 time period, a large facility. When you look at the other leg of the stool, the butanol opportunity, that's about one year later in the commercialization plans.
Nicholas Fanandakis: Well, I think if the blend level changes were to occur, you'd have to see the additional changes occur on, for example, the butanol levels. So if you change on the ethanol blend wall, you would have a corresponding increase, I believe, on the butanol side of the house.
