Nick Fanandakis: No I think you covered I mean if you look at the areas where they are most impacted it was in our performance materials and in our performance chemical segment and Ellen characterized the types of expenses that we incurred. So you can get a sense of the amount that would be coming back and the amount that was at one time.
Nick Fanandakis: Well what’s driving the reduction is the productivity work that we continue to have across the company and we’re doing that in SG&A as well and this is while at the same time investing in a lot of areas for growth in that same respect. So in AG for example the programs we have the expanding of the channel, continuing to drive that channel access, all of those things growing in certain areas but the productivity gains that we have are really what’s driving some of those reductions.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes I think Ellen you characterized it really well just a second ago when you talked about fresh start. Looking at how we’re going to be structured as a company with about 20% of our revenue now being gone between the spins and divestures and looking at that in a very clean slate sort of way and how we’re going to do a buildup of the infrastructure within the functions, where we could simply things, where we can change things so that we can operate more effectively and more standardized, digitized sort of way.
Nick Fanandakis: Right now we’re on track proceeding very well to complete as you say the 2 billion this year. We actually will complete the first half of that or little more than the first half of that by the end of second quarter. Although by the end of the first quarter we had already retired about 13 million shares so significant amount was done in the first quarter but the total first half or little more than first half won't be complete until the end of the second quarter and then we will look to put in place for the second half of the year, our steps to complete the last billion and fulfill our commitment of the 2 billion in the year.
Nick Fanandakis: So Frank we’re always looking at M&A opportunities in the company. We’re very selective about where we look though as you know, we want to look at things that reinforce the strategic priorities, the directions we’re going in. We will continue to be looking for M&A opportunities that will enhance our technology position, our market access, those types of things and we have very rigorous and hurdles that we have from a financial performance perspective that we’re going to require of acquisition opportunities but it's something that we’ve always look at and we will continue to look at. The strength of the balance sheet is certainly a positive on that but the balance sheet has always been in place and for quite some years now as you know where we have and enjoy this single A rating and even during the Danisco acquisition we were able to maintain that single A rating during that time period after 7 billion. So I wouldn’t characterize it as the deciding factor on M&A is just going to be the balance sheet and the strength of it. It's something we’re looking at all the time Frank.
Nick Fanandakis: Well you say underlevered and so obviously you’ve to -- if you’re looking at just the debt EBITDA sort of thing you might come to a conclusion of underlevered when you adjust the debt and you add in that pension on funded piece I feel we’re in the right place from a leverage standpoint, that pension liability can change as you saw it changed last year by about $5 billion that can change with a discount rate changes. So we will continue to evaluate those situations and we will take the appropriate actions depending on what external forces and how they are impacting us.
Nick Fanandakis: Yes, John we’re going to look at a fresh start on a lot of different things. We’re going to look at currency, local functional currency versus U.S. dollar functional. We’re going to have a lot of things that we’re going to explore as we make the spin here and look at the company as it stands in the future. So yes your touch on an area but trust me there are many areas that we’re going to be exploring to drive simplification across the company which will help drive out some of the cost and would put us in extremely competitive position.
Ellen Kullman: Well I just got back from Europe last week and I can confirm that it was a heck of a lot warmer and more bugs on the trees than there it is here and I think Europe represented a more normal well it actually was a great volume because we’re seeing improvements there, but I don’t, we didn’t have the impact on whether things like that. I don’t know Jim maybe you can comment on the AG side in Europe.
Ellen Kullman: Well price was up 2.6 I think it's a right number, Jim correct me if I’m wrong. Currency was negative 1.5.
Ellen Kullman: Electronics and communications had a good quarter, we saw nice growth. Most of that was due to PV and consumer electronics I would characterize it as expected that it's improving but it's not a standout from that standpoint. We had a good quarter in PV, Kevlar both and Solamet pastes we’re anticipating that the market is going to grow 15% this year. But you have to remember last year in electronics, I mean it was a weak comparative so we still see this market is seeing lumpy or bumpy or whichever way we want to talk about it. We’re seeing that China is probably the wild card and future quarters around whether they meet their 10 gigawatts have installed. The metal impact you saw on the top line so that kind of mutes the top line growth but they had great earnings progress for the year. So we’re positive in terms of what we have seen in electronics but as you know based on what happened in ’12 PV is something we watch very, very carefully.
Ellen Kullman: Well we’re not going to size it right now for you Dave, sorry about that. Because we’re really right now in the process. So if you think about the fact that we sold coatings last year that we’re spinning chemicals next year. That’s a good portion of the company that won't exist in the second half of ’15. So I’m looking at it as a fresh start. If we were to recast how we go about supporting our businesses and enabling them to achieve consistent sustainable growth, would we structure very differently. We’re going to be a very different company in the second half of ’15. The average size of our manufacturing plants is going to be smaller. The allocation of our business both globally and by sector is going to be very different and so we’re actively engaged in those meetings and hard discussions right now. The good part about this since we really control the timing of the spin that we’re here to have real work completed and discussions externally this year because we want to enter ’15 with momentum and so when we’re done and we’re ready and we got it cooked [ph] then we will bring it out to you guys. But I think you will be pleased overall with what you’re going to see.
Ellen Kullman: Yes I think if you think about it Don, let’s take an example, we filed tax returns in every country where we operate just because we’re spinning performance chemicals doesn’t mean we have to file any less tax returns but at the same time when you allocate the cost or understand the cost of those tax returns across the entire company on a smaller revenue base. So on a per dollar revenue goes up. So the question is can we think about tax differently? Is our structure, our legal entity structure such that it helps our businesses succeed or do we have too many and should we consolidate it down and really then let this limit the amount of work that has to be done there. I mean that’s just a small example versus many in terms of how we support the businesses regionally how we support them functionally. I mean that’s same thing, you can talk about whether it's paying bills or collecting cash or sourcing. We just need to think about are we leveraging standardizing the most common on the work and really putting our differential resources towards where they can really help the business. So Nick you have been in right in the midst of this big time.
Ellen Kullman: Yes so I think if you look to the full year, we’re seeing stability and TiO2 from a market demand standpoint, volume growth in the performance chemical segment. It looks like it's going to be, it's a refrigerant comes into a season and things like that and really a good sign of TiO2 is reflected on a sequential basis. Price did not go down and year-over-year it went down but on a sequential basis it was a little positive. So that’s a big uncertainty that’s becoming a little more certain as we go forward. If you think about what we saw in Europe and the continued gradual improvement in demand in European markets and when you saw on the quarter that was really positive for performance materials, it was good for performance chemicals and safety and protection. The third area point too is a stable China, there is a lot of noise about China out there but you saw in our results the automotive industry clearly there is leading yet but we saw positives there from again performance materials, performance chemicals, electronics and communications and safety and performance. So industrial production is certainly enabling a lot of this in the U.S., industrial housing and automotive markets are allowing us to continue our penetration and moving our new products and new materials in there. I gave you some examples of those and S&P in my talk. In AG overall I think it's as we go through the entire year as it unfolds I think we had a first quarter shifts, I think we’re still well positioned with good pipeline of products going forward. So we’re putting a little more pressure on our sourcing guys to claw back that higher natural gas costs in the first quarter, absolutely. And we think we can bring it where we have it reaffirmed.
Ellen Kullman: On the public sector one that I saw every time I try to call it I call it wrong but what we’re doing there is with new applications and new functionality to help with that, right? Because the public sector needs a reason to change or to replace or to expand and certainly additional protection and things like that. Now we’re seeing the slowness in the U.S, Europe is still going very well especially on thermal protection and things like that. So we’re seeing very different markets around the world and we’re expecting improvement. As we take a look at garments, we’re seeing second quarter is going to be stronger and so I think we’re seeing that but I’m always little hesitant to declare victory in the public market because you just never know what’s going to happen.
Ellen Kullman: We have squeezed just about everything we can out of this turnaround and our focus right now is more on getting it back up and running because coming out of these round around’s is never for the faint of heart and we can bring it up a day early or three days early that’s real volume and that we can use this year. So we have got that focused on time because it has been closure to seven years and six years on this turnaround and we just got to get it opened up the planning, the guy is doing a great job as far as the front end loading of this turnaround and our goal, I’ve got that team under a lot of incentive to overachieve on the time thing. I think we would have the biggest benefit to us this year.  
Ellen Kullman: Yes and so what we saw was growth in Europe in AG along with I think most of our segments grew in Europe and try to think -- maybe electronics didn’t because there is not much business.
Ellen Kullman: Yes I mean the biggest drivers for Europe were automotive and our performance materials business and TiO2 was a strong quarter in our performance chemicals segment.
Ellen Kullman: I think that’s one where it's share is hard because the markets growing and changing because for instance the new products that are coming out are allowing us to expand the footprint, right. So we’re really well-positioned for growth. Our focus is on making sure we have the right capacity in the right places of the world to be able to deliver against it and I think the team has done a great job there. But we’re looking at our applications to really expand utilization of enzymes as opposed to just kind of fight over the same space that exists today.
Ellen Kullman: If you look at it from a top line basis the ethylene outage reduces are segment sales of few percent in the second quarter and that’s in our guidance so that’s already put into our forecast going forward.
Ellen Kullman: Frank, since it's Nick's birthday today I think that you should make sure you reinforce his point of view on that.
Jim Borel: For the most part of course we see a little impact from weather on particularly on the seed side, of course we’re moving into a time of the year when weather will play a bigger rule in terms of what actually gets planted and what happens. But fairly small impact today.
Jim Borel: First of all it's a little too early to start talking about share because the safrinha market is just finishing. We will able to talk share after we have had a chance to evaluate the entire season but we’re certainly confident about our competitiveness you’re right, we have had great momentum down there. So we will continue to drive ahead. Obviously the reduced acres is unfortunate but understandable given the commodity prices at the moment. You mentioned seed we also have some great momentum around the world but particularly in Brazil with our crop protection portfolio with some 60% growth down there, Rynaxypyr particularly had a strong quarter with (indiscernible) pressure that they were seeing. We’re getting ready to launch, Dermacor is a seed treatment in soybeans we’re doing the work and seeing really great early results in corn also. So we do have a lot of momentum and gives us confidence for the future.
Jim Borel: Yes but AG was up about the same as the whole overall region was. I would say that if you exclude that it doesn’t really change the number in the region, it's still going to be above that 9% sort of number.
Jim Borel: There are several pieces to that, so first of all in the Ukraine it's very difficult to predict what’s going to end up happening there but because of the political situation but we’re seeing some reduction in corn because of credit issues but also some delays and possible reductions just because of uncertainty among farmer. So and Ukraine is last year it was only a few percent of our global sales but it's really an important growth opportunity. We opened the plant in Stasi early last year. We’re setup well for growth there. So certainly it's our hope that stability returns and we expect that to be a good market overtime. The reductions in corn acres or hectares in Latin America and also in what we’re expecting will happen in North America are likely gone for now. We will see what happens in the second happen both in terms of corn prices, what that does to restimulate demand et cetera but it's really way too early to know what the South America production will look like in the second half of the year until we get through the North America season.
Frank Mitch - Wells Fargo: I want to follow-up on performance materials, you said that that you’re expecting the second quarter to be down modestly given the turnaround but I would have thought that with the new Nike Golf ball that would more than offset that. I mean it's very exciting news.
Frank Mitch - Wells Fargo: And obviously the balance sheet is very strong and you talked about how different the company is going to look in the second half of 2015. Might the company look a little bit different driven by M&A and how would you characterize the M&A environment and opportunities in Europe owing as to participate at the present time.
Frank Mitch - Wells Fargo: All right so you can maintain this position of being underlevered for the foreseeable future in addition, I mean obviously you got the share buyback as a use of cash and your dividends and so forth but we could see this condition continue for the foreseeable future of your being underlevered.
Frank Mitch - Wells Fargo: Well that’s fantastic Nick I will send you a sleeve of Nike Golf balls in honor of your birthday. Thank you.
