Gregory R. Friedman: Thank you, John. Good morning and welcome. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of DuPont's second quarter 2016 performance. Here with me are Ed Breen, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jim Collins, Executive Vice President, responsible for our Agriculture segment. The slides for today's presentation and corresponding segment commentary can be found on our website, along with our news release. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements, and I direct you to slides one and two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and today's slides, which are posted on our website. Our agenda today will start with Ed providing his perspective on our performance. Then, Nick will review our second quarter financial performance and 2016 guidance. Third, Jim will discuss our Agriculture business. We will then take your questions. With that introduction, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ed.
Gregory R. Friedman: Thanks, Jim. We'll now open the line for questions. John, please provide instructions to enter the queue.
Gregory R. Friedman: Yeah. Sandy, we just launched that program just about a quarter – I guess the middle of the first quarter. We didn't start that with everything else we had going on for a few months. And I actually feel good about it, the traction we have. So, half way through the year, our free cash flow is about a billion dollars better year-over-year than last year. So, that was a nice improvement. But what was nice we got some initial traction out of the chute on working capital, about $200 million of that billion-dollar improvement in cash was from working capital. Almost all of the working capital improvement was on the inventory side and in the receivable side because of what Jim Collins talked about on Ag. My gut is it's just going to be harder to move the needle as quick, although we have programs. We're working on it. But – so having said that, I think getting $200 million kind of almost one quarter into the program on our billion-dollar opportunity was pretty darn good. And again, over the intermediate period, I do think we're entitled to about $1 billion, maybe a little bit more of opportunity. But I will tell you, Nick and I, as I said in my prepared remarks, we talk about this in every operating review meeting with the presidents. We all have very detailed programs now. It's just like anything else, when you focus on it and spend time on it, you will get it fixed. So it was nice to see the initial traction, you know, so far.
Edward D. Breen: It's – Jeff, this is Ed. It's – any M&A activity will most likely be low. However, technically, we are allowed to buy and sell businesses during that timeframe. The chances of us I think doing it of anything of any size are pretty minimal.
Edward D. Breen: Yeah. I mean, look, we're off to a very good start six months into it. In fact, we're very far through the billion-dollar cost reduction on a run rate basis that we talked about for us this year. So, yeah, we're feeling very good about it. I wouldn't say my confidence is higher because of what we did this year. My confidence in the $3 billion of synergies on the Dow/DuPont merger are more because we now are digging line-by-line into all the detail. And as we mentioned earlier, we've identified 80% to 85% literally line-by-line of where the cost reductions are coming from to get us to at least the $3 billion. So, we do have the teams shooting higher than $3 billion. I don't want to target that number yet and get that out there. I think it's a little bit early, but we are targeting higher than that. My personal opinion, having done this many times before, is that once the purchasing teams can really dig into the detail and they can't do everything yet because we're not merged and that's one area you're not allowed to overlap on any contracts. But when they're allowed, with a $37 billion spend between Dow and DuPont, I'm used to seeing numbers on savings that are more significant than the numbers that we have highlighted to you so far. So, I'm viewing this $37 billion pot of opportunity as an area where we can get some upside to the plan. And it would be awful nice to get it there because that's not head count related, and we can really lock that in for a few years. So, I'm highly confident we're going to have at least the three. As I highlighted, this will really, in my opinion, be one of the most important things that we will do with the MergeCo board, as it really is a big part of the value creation, at least, initially when we put these companies together. So, I'm feeling very bullish about it. And clearly, we will accomplish what we told you we'll do this year. Remember, the $730 million on a net basis we're going to save this year, I think you can see is lining up very nicely. I would highlight to you that our comp in the third quarter on the savings is tougher because we had a reversal of our bonus variable pay last year because of the performance of the company last year that was fairly significant, and then we also had a decent restructuring in the third quarter last year which reduced our cost. So, when you net it out, you'll see that the comp gets a little bit harder. But still, we're going to be saving at a billion dollar run rate exiting the year to get you to $730 million that you'll actually see in the P&L numbers this year.
Edward D. Breen: Yes – no, look, I would just say, David, that, look, obviously, this is the agreement that we came to think it's very good the way we have it structured. If Dow and DuPont and Andrew and I or any of us, we think there's something more optimal to do with the mix of businesses, we certainly can look at that in MergeCo., and that would require a 2/3 vote of the MergeCo. board to make a change like that. But we'll always look at things if something could create better long-term value for shareholders. But the path we're all on is the path we're on and headed down right now.
Edward D. Breen: Well, I mean, there's four large markets that really matter significantly here. China, Brazil, and I say countries but one's a region, the EU and the U.S. So, that's the four big regulatory ones. Dow and DuPont are already in deep conversation with all the relevant agencies in those jurisdictions. So, we're not beginning. We're getting deep into it. You might have saw the other day. I think it came out that there might be some remedies. We always went into this saying we would be ready on remedies, if that were needed. So, we're hoping that that helps out the timeline. So, having said that, I'm not naive. This is a huge merger. Although we are going to split into three, but it is a huge merger and I'm sure it's going to get a thorough review. But looking at the timeline, I still think we're on a timeline by the end of the calendar year to accomplish this.
Edward D. Breen: Look, the standalone – and probably, this has historically been the number on R&D for, gosh, the last ten years whether you look at it as a percentage of sales or just a dollar basis. Look, we're running it and sort of annualizing your number. We're running around $1.7 billion in total spend, and that feels about appropriate. The two years before that, it was just – as you've mentioned, it was slightly higher, but the run rate historically has been kind of running right around that on a percentage of sales basis very similar also. But once we do the merge, our anticipation is there's very little of our cost cutting. It's only going to be where there's really overlap on identical things in the R&D area. We obviously want a hefty R&D. We especially want it in the Ag business. We want to be one of the top spenders, if not the top spender in R&D in Ag. But we'll move some of that around to some other new product areas that we can work on instead of duplicating some efforts with Dow. I think probably that will be just great for the farm community and our farmers and our customers, there'll be more choice for them over the ensuing years, if we get that right.
Edward D. Breen: Yeah. Frank, one of the reasons I made the comment on sales – I sure hate to brag about a sales number that's around zero, but – and I'm not. We always want to strive to do better. But just to give a little backdrop, the reason it feels better is we were plus 1% organically. For the whole company, we were plus 2% on a volume basis. And the quarters before that, four or five quarters before that, organically, we were kind of running a negative 2%. So, we've seen a shift of about 3%, which is not insignificant. So, that's really, I think, the key change there. But I think to the bigger backdrop of what you just said, I mean, the global economy is – industrial production globally is growing 1%, and that's even down a little bit from last year. GDP has been lower because of Brexit, maybe, with Europe, so that's kind of running around 2% to 2.5%. So, we're kind of not running out of line any differently than anyone else. And probably, you were accurate on your points on a worldwide basis. Our volume was up in North America, it was up in Latin America, it was up in Asia and it was down some in Europe. So, again, that was an improvement from where we had been running also. We're not planning on this environment changing. We're planning our rest of 2016 and 2017 to be just kind of how the world is right now. And so, we'll make smart decisions. And if things do improve for us, all the better for us, but we're not going to plan that way.
Edward D. Breen: Yeah, it will be announced before the merger, for sure. I'm hoping not too far here down the road. We're pretty far along at both ends on who those candidates will be. We're just working on a couple still. And hopefully, not too far from now, we'll get it out.
Edward D. Breen: And electronics also is one where we're seeing, on the consumer electronic side, probably I think as everyone else has been reporting for the last three to four months, softness on that end of the market. And we think that picks up slightly in the second half. Originally, we are planning a bigger lift, but we've kind of dialed that back a little, thinking we'll just see a slight lift as we go into the holiday season.
Edward D. Breen: Yeah. We haven't scoped the full upside potential but it's down the road, and we're just not spending time on that. To give you the overview, we're waiting on a more integrated system until we get to the spin stage. What we've got to do in the interim is come up with a high level layer that makes all the systems talk to each other. Jim Collins and the team are going to make sure obviously that's happening in Ag, that will happen in the specialty company. Dow will obviously stay with their SAP system and layer on our Performance Materials business onto that fairly easily. But what we will then do when we get closer to spin is really start to work – actually, DuPont had spent a lot of time on the latest SAP system and start an integration process then. And that's where we will get G&A savings when we get to that point. But that is clearly going to wait until we get through the synergy work with MergeCo and then we'll launch into that.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Hey, Jeff. It's Nick. So, let's just talk magnitude, so you can get a sense of the impact it might have.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: This last earnings cycle here, when it just came out, we talked about the re-measurement we had to do because of the restructuring that was completed. The interest rates dropped 73 basis points. The 73 basis point reduction had over $2 billion of impact on the unfunded pension liability. So, you can see its dramatic swings, and those swings obviously can go either way, up or down. As interest rates start to increase, you'll see those unfunded liabilities drop rather dramatically as well. And everything I'm talking to you about is from an accounting standpoint, not necessarily from a cash funding standpoint and that would be handled through the Pension Protection Act, and that's done over a different smoothing of interest rates over a longer period of time with a MAP-21 process that's used there. So, it's not as dramatic an impact in any one year because of those interest rate changes, as you would see from an accounting standpoint. We will obviously be looking at the funding, and we obviously fund the pension plan to whatever is required from us in any given year and that will be done obviously as we go forward with the merger and the spins as well.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yeah. And when you look at it, in North America, we had volume up in Nutrition & Health: it was up about 3 percentage points. Performance Materials, as you said, was a big part of it because of the unplanned outage and the comp that was being looked at there. And we also saw volume increases in Industrial Biosciences, about 3%. So, those are the ones that contributed very positively. And as you pointed out, Protection Solutions continues to be dealing with the rather depressed oil and gas segment, and that obviously is impacting some of their volumes.
James C. Collins: Yeah. This is Jim. We're looking at that market from a number of different angles. Credit is one area that we constantly take a look at. We feel like we're not seeing any kind of bad debt rates that are above anything that we would normally see. But we're constantly watching it. What's really happening is because of the lack of credit out there, growers are delaying a lot of their purchase decisions. And you sort of see that in our guidance for the second half. As we talk about a much lighter third quarter and then a much stronger fourth quarter, it's part of that shift that's going on. We mentioned a little bit of the shift that we're seeing as a result of some fine-tuning of that route-to-market model, and we already have operations in Brazil that are connected to that more direct route. So, this is not a real big change for us. It's a subtle change; could be $0.01 or so. And then, we had some business that was primarily in the third quarter in the past that really landed into the second quarter. About $0.03 of the total here was because of that. And that was mostly in Asia. We had insecticide volumes and corn volumes. So, you're right on momentum. We're going to carry some strong momentum with Leptra going forward. The summer launch has gone really well. Clearly, one of the largest ramp-ups in our Pioneer history down there. And a few of the comps actually will look pretty good, too, in the fourth quarter compared to last year, when you think about what happened to that insect control market. So, that explains how that sort of lines out.
James C. Collins: We already had a pretty aggressive inventory plan going into 2016. As we said before, we started making adjustments in our operating plan a year and a half or almost two years ago, seeing this real tough commodity price market coming at us and knowing that we had to get out ahead of that to manage inventory. So, yeah, we did take some adjustments as we went into this season, and we're taking a real hard look at that as we go forward. You know that the crop that went in the ground and the seed production that we have in the ground looks really, really good right now. Yields look good. Market conditions look great. So, even though we dialed it back, we could still see a little upward pressure there on overall inventories.
James C. Collins: Yeah. So, you're right. We just recently announced the Intacta license and the ability to introduce that product into the Brazilian market. The way I, first of all, look at it is I think about that technology opposite the discussions that we're having with Dow and the opportunity with Contesta. (34:02) Today, Intacta is commercialized. It's available to us. It allows us to practice in that technology. And then, we remain excited about what that future looks like as well. So, we don't see those two technologies as competing. We see that, over time, there's an opportunity. It allows us to offer many more choices in the marketplace for our customers. When you look at seed treatment, Dermacor, we see that as a complementary offering when we compare it and combine it with the Intacta and the rest of our varieties that we sell into that market. So, on soybean share/volumes, clearly, our volumes in Latin America were impacted by the lack of technology that we had available to us and this license helps us solve that. And in North America, we've been going through a pretty dramatic conversion of our base varieties. You'll recognize the T Series launch that we've talked a lot about. We're approaching now this season, about 80% of our lineup has been converted over to T Series. And we use the new breeding techniques, this advanced yield platform that we have with Pioneer. So, it's just a conversion. We're excited about the momentum that we're carrying going forward. And now that we've got this full technology lineup, we'll see how things shape up 2017 and beyond.
James C. Collins: Yeah. Thanks for acknowledging the performance in the first half. You're right. A lot of that price came from mix, and it's a tribute to the new technology that we had out there in the marketplace, especially in corn, in North America that really led the way. So, when we think about pricing going forward, it clearly is a value equation. We price for value. We price for the genetic mix that we have out there. When you look forward to 2017, it's a little early right now to really be speculating on what that market looks like. I think you're right. We've got a crop in the ground that looks really darn good, and it will put some downward pressure on corn commodity prices. And so when we think about our price launch here later this year, we take two or three factors into the equation. First, the technology lineup we have. Second, the mix and the geographic lineup. And then, third, the economic conditions that our customers are facing, and we'll price accordingly to the value that we're delivering.
James C. Collins: Well, again, it's a little early to speculate until we, kind of, see final yields and final data that comes in. This was a really competitive environment that was out there this year. And so, we're evaluating that. You think about the year-over-year acre numbers that we saw the USDA recently published USDA acres. I think you're seeing some of those volumes consistent with those acre numbers. So, overall, we'll see how it shakes out. But my view might also be that local, regional and some of the retail brands also had pretty strong performance this past year, so...
James C. Collins: Yes. So, as we look at the second half of the year, a couple of things going on with La Porte. Last year, we sold Lannate out of inventory that we had carried over after the site closed. So, we were really working off of inventory that we had. When you then compare that to the second half of this year, we've essentially replaced our methanol volumes from – by sourcing from third parties. And then, overall, that market is down a little bit. So, the methanol year-over-year is actually about awash. Where the crop protection insect upside is coming from is really in Asia-Pacific. We saw the lead edge of that here in second quarter with the early onset of the monsoon and some favorable markets there. And then, we continue to drive the volumes of Cyazypyr with those launches. And then, our new fungicide Zorvec was also launched in Asia-Pacific, and all of those things really add up to those volumes in the second half.
James C. Collins: Yeah. Steve, you're right, it's always a possibility in a difficult market like we're facing now and that we're heading into that as a grower prioritizes the spend. Clearly, the focus on seed and to get my equipment and my land rented. get all of my inputs and fertilizer paid for, that crop protection spend is usually the last dollar spent. So, we've got a lot of experience with that. At the same time, productivity is the name of the game. And even in a tough market like this, growers will invest in a crop to drive as many bushels off of those acres as they possibly can. So, that's clearly a balance there. And we like the lineup of products that we have out there in the market and we price them right to deliver the right kind of value for that. And we're always looking for other ways to deliver those type of products, whether it's through seed treatment and other key routes. So, we've been here before. We know how to operate in these markets, and we've got a good team that's heavily focused on it. Eyes wide open, we're looking forward here to make sure that we're taking the steps right now today to continue to be competitive going into that 2017 market.
James C. Collins: So, on the seed side, as I mentioned earlier, a big part of our price increases came from mix and it was tied to the lineup of new genetics that we had out in the marketplace. The majority of our crop protection price increases were aggressive actions that we took specifically to offset the negative impacts of currency in Latin America. So, as I said earlier in the opening comments, this is the second quarter in a row where we've been able to fully offset the impact of the currency because we have it out there ahead of it. And then, again, we talked about pricing before. Overall, we take a holistic look at price. Some of it is mix and technology. And a lot of it has to do with the value that that product delivers, and we differentially price our products in core markets almost down to the zip code level, so you see a lot of differences in the way we position. The final aspect of price for us globally that has been very positive in Latin America has been the launch of our new technology with Leptra. We had a good view of it in the se premia (50:41) season. This ramp-up in the summer season is probably one of the largest ramp-ups in our history and where we're going to feel the benefits of that as well.
James C. Collins: When you look at our ethylene play or our presence there, it's relatively small, right? We're about 2% of the total U.S. capacity. When you look at how our product is handled, about half of our ethylene is consumed internally. And then, of the other half, half of that is on a long-term contract and then that last 25% is sold in the external market. So, relatively small in the external market. More specifically around your question of where do we see some of that spot market going, we see the quarter three continued decline somewhere in the mid- to upper-teens from a percent basis and pretty flat from in quarter four.
James C. Collins: Well, I mean, we saw strength, as you mentioned, in Asia, but specifically in China is where we saw a tremendous amount of the strength as well as North America. Those would be the two key auto markets where we saw a lot of the volume increase being driven from.
