Jack Broodo: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning everyone and welcome. I am Jack Broodo, Dow’s new Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joining you on my first earnings call and look forward to meeting many of you in person in the not too distant future. As usual, we’re making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of the Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow’s express written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Weideman, outgoing Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Howard Ungerleider, Executive Vice President and our new Chief Financial Officer and Doug May, outgoing Vice President, Investor Relations and recently made President of Dow’s Olefins & Aromatics business. Around 7:00 am this morning, October 22, our earnings release went out on business wire and was posted on the internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments on this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our website. Some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates, and we don’t plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you’d like more information on the risks involved with forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons exclude divestitures, EBITDA, EBITDA margins, return on capital, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. We will begin today’s call on Slide 3. I will now hand the call over to Andrew.
Jack Broodo: That ends our question period, we’re going to turn the call over to Andrew for some closing comments.
Jack Broodo: Thank you everyone for your questions today. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical Company. For your reference a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow’s website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Jack and good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us. This is another strong quarter for Dow and our results on the top and bottom line and they reflect deliberate actions we have taken, and continue to take, to focus on execution, control what we can control, and drive a full array of productivity measures, what we’ve called our self-help measures. These actions demonstrate the advantage of our integrated and diversified business model and how we are successfully leveraging our scale, geographic reach, technology expertise and physical integration to achieve targeted growth at our priority market sectors, especially in times of great volatility. It’s with great pleasure that I introduce, not one but two CFOs and two investor relations VPs in the room with me today. With the luxury of having both Howard and Bill present, I will be handling over a substantial portion of the commentary over to the two of them to address this quarter's outstanding results. The first, Bill, I know I speak on behalf of our colleagues, when I extend my sincere appreciation for your service to Dow, notably your leadership in the company’s Chief Financial Officer role. We have achieved many financial milestones during your tenure in the seat. Thank you for your leadership and for your values. Howard, welcome. You’ve demonstrated significant leadership as a member of my core leadership team over these past many years. I have strong confidence with you in this critical role for Dow. Bill, you’re first.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard and if you look at Slide 18, we obviously are going to be talking about our investor forum but before that, it’s been a terrific quarter with our self-help programs delivering in the face of extreme volatility. The market actually is showing us what it's been showing us for several years, that geopolitical unpredictability, speculation, and a jobless recovery are here to stay. That companies need to be agile to respond and they should respond by doing the basic blocking and tackling and doing it faster than their competition. And that the world is commoditizing and to meet this head on, we need to be aggressive portfolio managers, reliable and efficient operators and focus on our strengths while delivering cash for future growth and shareholder remuneration. Our superior integrated global low-cost manufacturing position in chemicals and plastics, with advantaged products in key markets, whether they be in plastics packaging, agriculture, or electronics with presence in key geographies is enviable, because it delivers both short and long-term value. We are relentless in our focus on cost and productivity, where we will sell out our efforts and sell up their product value with innovation. We have a strong balance sheet, getting stronger as our large projects start up next year. So next month, on November 12 and 13 at our investor forum in Freeport and Houston, we will unpack the next phase of Dow strategic execution. We will discuss and reveal increased transparency with our segments, our next phase of productivity, so further to Howard’s comments, we’ve reduced underlying fixed costs enabling us to invest in growth to the tune of more than $1 billion, while reducing overall cost by 3% per year versus inflation since 2012. So today we are announcing that we are committing to a further 1 billion productivity target over the next three years. And we’re going to provide granularity on what this program will look like at our investor forum. We also will discuss our continued address to joint ventures and their future. A sharpened and more targeted market focus, especially in advanced materials and with the resultant decisions on R&D. Granularity on our key divestments, as well as on our growth programs, including but not limited to our Enlist launch. Details on our view of the ethylene cycle and how much cash we will generate in these next few years, and our next phase of shareholder remuneration. We will show our aligned team, organized to execute. We will discuss our metrics and how we are and will continue to be accountable to deliver short and long-term value creation. This is a company where with eight straight quarters of execution behind us, there is no gap between what we say and what we do. Come join us in Houston and Freeport, we will continue that drumbeat. With that, Jack, let's turn to Q&A.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think these last few weeks of oil price decline one more time showed – and just a little footnote on oil price, Cooley, if you look at the Brent, actually Brent had a steeper decline, was steeper decline from June to September as it did in the last few weeks. But the fact that we’ve got into the 80s is spooking people. When people do look at us, and then look to next year and the year following, they are not seeing the ethane cycle upside and it’s not being reflected yet in our equity price. I mean that to me is the biggest myth and what people seem to be confusing often is we're making record margins, we just had record margin in this quarter, but that’s off a low-cost base. US shale did not exist in the previous cycle and so we are all making more money, it doesn’t mean that the cycle isn’t here to come based on demand – based on supply demand and therefore price uplift, and as Slide 15 showed, we’ve been having price uplift now for some time based on outages. And outages tell you a lot about what’s going to happen here as demand continues to improve. Low oil price means more demand in the GDP. That actually will help the cycle and they are missing that, only are they missing that, they’re not counting in the big start-ups next year of Sadara, okay that will feed our ability to make more money off a low-cost base with pricing power. Of course they also don’t – and this is of course a problem with everyone, innovation is a hard thing to factor in, and what we're doing and what we’ll do at investor forum is unpack some of our innovation especially around Agro Sciences and especially around Enlist and last but not least, this ongoing productivity self-help drive, I think people are now starting to see it and this announcement that I just made five minutes ago is our relentless drive on productivity will continue and that should be a factor in our ability to continue to expand earnings.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I mean yes, I think the Americas, for us, are firing on all cylinders. I mean I think our low-cost base in the US, Canada and Argentina, we shouldn't ignore Argentina, is meaning that those operating rates – I mean we’re running a pretty much sold out engine based on low-cost. And so the rest of the world has had to catch up, a low naphtha cost is actually going to help our European and our small exposure in Asia. So now the only foreshadowing again that it’s just going to help our competition as well, but back to my demand point I made on the previous answer to Cooley, ultimately that will help. It’s just something that people aren’t really noticing is what’s happening in propane and what's going to – that’s going to mean a PDH, for example and propane is about to enter our crack slate based on pricing comparative. So much for export terminals, Hasan, I mean and for that matter so much for ethane export terminals. It just takes two weeks of low oil price to get everyone to re-evaluate where low-cost is. Our flexibility on the crack slate is everything and it comes to play right this moment, so advantage those who have got flexible furnaces which is us.
Andrew Liveris: John, that’s a fair point. I mean I think Howard said it in his remarks, when we were dwelling on Slide 15, and again – who is perfect in the forecasting world here but as far as we see the supply-chains and value chains, given that year-end, given that people look at December in a certain way, we always see this O shaped quarters and inventory is a big factor in all of these conversations. People do in fact clear the books in December; factories do come down, inventory clearing does happen. But you remember inventory is a very low across the value chains right now. And so that’s at the polymer end, and at the monomer end too. So look, I think your point is fair in the very short term but again you got to look at 2015 and start feeling confident about cycle. I want to keep reminding all of us as you ask these sort of questions, we’ve been working on this for eight straight quarters, as sustainable profits. This isn’t come in this quarter and the fact that there’s some margin expansion going on, that’s actually a sustained margin expansion conversation and we've always talked about self-help as the tailwind but then adds another tailwind called margin expansion based on the product cycle, and I think one quarter, this next quarter, I think there will be some maybe slight depression or compression based on the fact that there may be slower demand and the oil price effect. But it will rewrite itself next year.
Andrew Liveris: As our slide said that financials are in the market, we've always said strong interest, people are now receiving their books and – but it’s too early point but they do unpack to that degree but we will unpack as much as we can. We know everyone like you is hungry for more details on that. We are quite confident on our upper end of that target because of what we’re seeing is very strong buyer interest.
Andrew Liveris: I would add – look, Bob, I am very conscious of the other side of your question, what you did not ask, which is companies like ours and competitive sets, we want to be as good as our competitors are and slightly better at transparency but not a whole lot better because we don't want to give away competitive information. And we get a lot of inventory feedback on this question by the way. We have been out in the road a lot this year, asking exactly the question you are asking.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I will tell you what we are not looking for. We’re not looking to confuse you or anyone. We’re not looking to make it harder for you to follow-ups, so in the spirit of moving in the right direction we want transparency but not to a fault, so people understand how and where we make money, about how and where we make money over a cycle.
Andrew Liveris: Shareholder remuneration through share buyback, start to – you saw the slide, if you get the number out, the next of the last slide that had this last 12 months profitable quarters, slide number 17, you should think about that way. We are very shareholder remuneration oriented, the way we’re going to give money back to the holders as the preferred, not the financials – because fundamentally we believe that improvement in ROC, improvement in EBA, improvement in ROE, and Howard and I are going to be working very hard on talking about financial goals going forward. This is a cash machine that’s going to be rewarding shareholders, so we’ve got plenty of growth, that we’re spending quite a lot on investment for future earnings growth. The US Gulf Coast investments, EnList in case in point but shareholder -- friendly shareholder remuneration, that’s the drumbeat.
Andrew Liveris: It’s got an scale of being part of Dow Chemical Company, 40% of R&D goes to ag. They’ve proven their worth, they have proven to double the business the last five years, the pipeline is rich, very robust, soon to generate much more EBITDA at both cross protection and seeds and traits, and next year or two very key. So I think we’ve got the time to answer your question, I think there's a lot of what I call internal – this is why I say, what Howard said, we don’t need external M&A, we’ve got plenty of internal M&A, which is to acquire more revenue streams by funding – funding electronics, on funding plastic packaging, we’re going deeper and more vertical into markets and businesses that we can grow. Ag has earned its right to play to do out scale in their innovation.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, the process and there is always a lead indicator called the outages, when outages start affecting pricing as they’re having now and Howard showed at the slide 15, that’s the harbinger of upcoming operating rate that hits the 90s for the industry and as we’ve already indicated Dow’s already there in the Americas. And so it’s really the rest of world getting up there. Predicting the cycle based on outages is a fools darn because if it’s just outages driving up prices temporary, the resiliency of those price increases really comes back to demand and lack of supply. The lack of supply is well documented but there is no fear factor based on supply demand studies that we’ve done and others have done including our competitors that the capacity coming on the U.S. will be enough and soon enough to interrupt that cycle, the cycle that we will see a 15-16 cycle who knows what we would call the cycle whether it be as big as the one in the late 80s or the one that happened a decade ago in ’05 which was shorter. This one looks a little longer. The area under the curve looks quite big based on supply shortage and that because of outages we might get it earlier than maybe otherwise and it could start earlier. We’re not particularly forecasting that. In general low oil, if it impacts positive demand, there may be some price margin compression the very near term John Roberts’ question, but that’s just the head fact. Oil price should go up from here based on healthy economic demand out there whether it be China or Japan or the U.S. or the U.K. needing as that’s a tax break for them, so that will help consumption. So we think this cycle is going to be quite a good cycle and we’re very positioned to get price powers we have been getting based on the outages.
Andrew Liveris: Look, I don’t think so, PJ. I think firstly we’d given you a view on oil as we see it. I do think the journey for oil through ’80 down into the 70s will find its way back to the 100s. I think this is why I think everyone is looking at this from the point of view of supply and demand. It’s being well written. The breakeven price in Middle East and produces, the incremental cost of the marginal producers to produce like tar sands or for that matter U.S. shale. You’ve got to look at this and say look, U.S. ethane advantage is here to stay, it’s going to be here a decade or more based on supply. It could affect LNG projects, though. I think that will be the bigger effect and for that matter ethane exports. I do think that’s the more likely effect, PJ.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, look I think there is a-- the crop—camaraderie price of this crop-- this corn harvest, the fact that we’ve had the weather issues. I mean weather are almost impossible to predict. But look we’re watching the prices very, very closely. There is some corn acreage decrease, soy acreage increase. So there’s a rotation going on. Lower prices will result in fewer planted acres and loss of some marginal application volume. So we’re not overly concerned about it right now, but we are watching it very closely. What we get help by is all about new product launches which obviously on patent and it will give us margin expansion even if there is in the more what I would call generic word some price compression.
Andrew Liveris: Well it’s very interesting to see what’s going on now with one of our competitors right now and their MLP float price and where they are. So look as everything tax efficient structures have pluses and minuses, it does for companies like ours pretty limit you much to the new projects, if you now look at them, we’ve looked at the new projects quite a lot and frankly we're not a huge fan -- I mean I think it's going to create complications and it is going to make it very much more difficult especially with all this volatility. So Bill, do you want to –
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so I think in close, a strong for us, eight quarters in a row now. Strong cash flows in the quarter, more to come, the cycle question is a great question in terms of the cash coming and we are already starting to see it, more productivity come, the divestiture questions, we will have lot more granularity at investor day and all of that portfolio moves of the get out of low ROC businesses and bulk up in the organic growth programs that some of the questions were asking about finding ways to continue to grow through internal M&A, no big M&A of the outside type, we don't have any need for it, we have plenty of growth in this company, shareholder enumeration -- remuneration we are going to be very shareholder friendly, have been, we will continue to be and that’s where our cash is going to go. We are listening to our investors and we'd love for you all to come to our investor forum to hear more about how our cash story is going to benefit our investors for the short, medium and long-term.
Bill Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slides 4 and 5 where I will review the highlights – financial highlights for the quarter. Earnings per share rose to $0.72 on an adjusted basis, up 44% versus the same quarter last year. This represents the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in earnings-per-share. We delivered broad-based revenue gains, particularly in performance plastics, performance materials and electronic and functional materials, demonstrating the value of our integrated value chains. In a volatile global environment that we’ve faced again this quarter, our global footprint shine as sales rose in all geographic areas. Most notable was our strength in the Americas, where we are further investing in our industry-leading feedstock advantage and deep integration in downstream value-added products. The benefits of our sharp productivity focus drove EBITDA up 24% to $2.3 billion. Also, adjusted EBITDA margins expanded again this quarter, up more than 240 basis points. In fact, both performance plastics and electronic and functional materials achieved a record third quarter EBITDA. While continued productivity actions and improving market fundamentals across performance materials resulted in a year-over-year EBITDA increase of 61% in this segment, demonstrated the continued positive impact of the company's self-help actions. These factors more than offset the impact of a decline in equity earnings due to higher Sadara spending and the negative impact associated with our ethylene production facility outage in Fort Saskatchewan as we previously announced. Our advantaged positions, our drive for productivity and our geographic diversification, all helped to drive our operating rate to 88% this quarter, a level not seen since 2007. All of this enabled us to return value to you, our shareholders, evidenced by the 4.4 billion in declared dividends and share repurchases we have completed year-to-date. In short, we are focused on maintaining our momentum of further enhancing our OC [ph], increasing profitability, generating cash and maximizing shareholder value. Before I turn the call over to Howard, I’d like to pause for a moment. As you know and as Andrew already mentioned, I have announced my plans to retire from Dow after 38 years of wonderful experience at the company. Howard and I will continue the transition process through the end of the year, but today represents my final earnings call as CFO. I'm very pleased to transition the CFO responsibilities to Howard. Howard’s strong business leadership experience and passion for finance will be a great asset. It has truly been my pleasure to work for such a great company and to work with Andrew and with the other leadership members, Jim, Joe and Howard and all my Dow colleagues. I have been extremely fortunate and I have built lifelong relationships at Dow that I will cherish forever. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Howard.
Bill Weideman: Really, from a currency impact, it doesn’t have a significant impact on us, so that’s why we don’t spend a lot of time talking about currency. Actually this quarter there were some movements as you know and the dollar strengthened throughout this quarter but actually the currency impact on our sales line was fairly small. Don't forget that the currency move impacts the both the top line but also your cost. And so the net impact is not very resizable. It did have a little bit of impact on our equity this quarter – on our balance sheet, I am sorry because of the translation impact but really from an income statement not a lot of impact.
Bill Weideman: We will show you more information in terms of the – our view of those segments going forward, in terms of what our expectations are. So again with this drumbeat in terms of delivering what we say we are going to deliver.
Bill Weideman: And add to that, Bob, so, and to really give you more information so you can understand the company. So we will plan to show you more level of detail in our corporate segment, what’s in there, how do our costs and allocation work, how do we assign cost to businesses, how do we transfer, our transfer pricing etc. So with the spirit of trying to give you more information to understand, you understand the company.
Bill Weideman: Yes, we have looked at those Frank, Howard will continue to look at those, there is obviously pros and cons, but you also need to understand also the best ones are to fix return ones but it add more volatility back in your base earnings. Having said that, we are open mind we will continue to look at those as we go forward but as Andrew mentioned they need to -- it would only make sense as some of our new assets that are -- that have a high tax basis.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi Cooley, you’re not going to throw that to Bill, uh? It’s his last call. Now just kidding Cooley, good to talk to you. I would say that look, on corporate, yeah, corporate was a little bit higher than usual. There was really – the primary reason was some insurance operations which was a benefit a year ago and there was a cost in the quarter. There was also some divestiture expenses and a couple of one-time litigation issues. I would say for modeling purposes going forward on corporate, our guidance remains in the $250 million a quarter range and we will have more to say about corporate at investor day. In terms of equity earnings, I would say that the equity earnings were down, a couple of drivers -- Dow Corning actually increased on improved volumes across both polysilicon and silicon but that was more than offset with the higher spending in Sadara as well as our Kuwait JVs decreased due to lower Kuwait volumes and an impact to MEG in Canada because of a mechanical failure that we had. So those are the two big issues.
Howard Ungerleider: Just to add on to Bill’s point, I would say that the headwind was about $0.04 a share versus the prior quarter. So you could expect it to also be a headwind as we head into the fourth quarter here with the move. But hopefully I will continue in Bill’s tradition and the long-standing CFO tradition that we don't really talk about currency as a headwind or a tailwind.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey Bob, hopefully you get the weather good for us down there because we’re definitely heading into the colder season here in Michigan. It's really all about improving our transparency and improving our granularity and trying to really line it up based on markets and based on value chains and based on our integration. So that’s how we are thinking about it and we will have a lot more to say when we see you next month.
Howard Ungerleider: I would say – the first priorities remain shareholder remuneration, you can think about that both in dividend growth as well as continued stock buyback. I would also say organic growth in finishing our projects and getting those projects up to speed. Obviously the preferreds have been on Bill’s mind, they will continue to be on my mind and you know we’re going to continue to try to find a path where those -- we can take those out of the structure at the right moment for a fair value for all of our shareholders and then fundamentally – I think the last question where you were leading is Andrew said repeatedly there is going to be no major M&A in our near-term future.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, Peter. This is Howard. I would just say that two other things – one on the supply side and one on the demand side. As we head into an ethylene up cycle uptick, the assets tend to run harder and then they tend to break. I mean every year further the grid becomes a year older and so when you try to run assets really hard to maximize production across the industry, you tend to see more outages as you head in and then on the demand side, the people in the industry spend a lot of time in plastics over the years. You talked about 11-month years. From a demand standpoint you talked about 13-month years and so in an up-cycle where people expect prices to be higher tomorrow, you tend to get 13-month years and maybe one or two or three in a row depending on all the other variables that Andrew talked about.
Howard Ungerleider: We’ll have a lot more to say, Kevin, about that at investor day. I mean as our earnings ramped, we have historically talked about the 45%, 50% payout ratio. And I think as we get these divestiture proceeds you should think about shareholder remuneration being a key part of that. That is our top priority and that you should think about it both from additional stock buyback as well as dividends.
