Ellen J. Kullman: Great. Thank you, Carl. Now I’d like to provide some insights on our earnings expectations and I’ll conclude with an update regarding the strategic evaluation of Performance Chemicals. As Nick highlighted, we do anticipate our full year earnings will be about $3.85 per share. To put that in perspective we expect to have a full year headwind from the combined impact of lower Performance Chemicals earnings and negative currency of more than $0.80 per share. Excluding these factors, our full year earnings per share increase will be 24% higher than last year in a slow growth global economy. While we maintain a cautionary macroeconomic stance it’s noteworthy to highlight that we do expect fourth quarter earnings should more than double from last year’s weak results. For 2014 planning we are now beginning our business by business goal studying and execution review work. Across the portfolio we initiate this process with a macro assumption that global economies will continue to gradually improve from this year’s sluggish industrial production base. To meet our future commitments we will drive performance across the company by remaining focused on our three strategic operating priorities. They are: increasing return on research and development, capitalizing on our global reach and driving execution while delivering on our productivity commitment. First, we will deploy our science to meet today’s customers’ needs, build a strong and balanced pipeline of new products and increase the return on our research and development investment. Second, we will build on our strong third quarter performance in emerging markets and capitalize on our global reach. And third, we will execute against our commitments to drive productivity and deliver cost savings that will help offset inflation and fund growth initiatives. On the innovation front we successfully delivered 470 new products to meet customer needs in the third quarter alone. Examples of our innovation, this quarter included new applications of Kevlar aramid fibers for high strength, durable, conveyor belts for safety and protection. New branded probiotics designed for pediatric nutrition from our Nutrition & Health segment and new product blends of extra enzymes from Industrial Biosciences designed to reduce cost and improve nutrition in animal feed applications. Now turning to Performance Chemicals, I’d like to provide a brief update on our evaluation of strategic alternatives. Since our July announcement we’ve made significant progress in our effort to evaluate a wide range of options. Our primary objective is to identify the alternative that creates the most value for our shareholders. Comprehensive evaluations have progressed well and we’re carefully reviewing key considerations including future CapEx growth, dividend, debt levels, pensions and taxes along with a host of other key variables that we know are important to our shareholders. We are moving with a sense of urgency. In the interim, we remain focused on delivering results today. Our strategy is clear and it’s working. We have created and are strengthening world leading positions in agriculture and nutrition, biobased industrial and advanced materials. We’ve made good progress with the first three quarters despite challenging conditions that are executing successfully against our strategy. So with that, Carl back to you.
Ellen J. Kullman: No, we are not really seeing any unusual competitive behavior. I mean, we’re seeing that the economics are causing growers to really think about what they are doing. The shift from corn to soybeans in the summer than looking at the prices on the corn is down there and what they are going to do for the safrinha planting. So we keep a little bit of close start to that, but I don't see anything from a competitive standpoint.
Ellen J. Kullman: No, write-downs are a normal part of the seed business, they happen every year. We’ve seen our seeds yield, this year it’s a little better than last year, but not hugely better. And we expect write-downs in the normal historic range. We don’t see anything unusual there.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, certainly if you think about the focus that we’ve had since the beginning of 2009, right and when this leadership team came in, the global financial crisis, and I’ve talked about this often as every boat on its own bottom. The businesses, why we change the segment reporting to get great clarity on how our Ag business is doing, how our paint business is doing, how our chemical business is doing.  We established distinct goals from a growth and a margin expansion for each one of those and are on that track. We’ve been as we came out of those financial crisis really took a look at how science makes the difference in creating a differentiated transition in the market play. And clearly as you saw with the disposition of our paint business we really felt that there was a limited opportunity for science to make a difference there and we took the actions that we did. If you look at Performance Chemicals, it’s a strong set of business with good margin. We’ve seen in the last year the volatility of that set of business is $0.65 a share down this year to date I think it’s the correct Nick can correct me if I’ve got a little wrong.
Ellen J. Kullman: And it’s been a headwind this year. So you’ve a commodity set of businesses, you’ve got volatility and low growth. That was about a GDP kind of growth business. So the question, what will does that have in our portfolio and that’s what the Board and management is discussing. And so, from the positive side it can create cash. On the negative side, it creates great volatility. And so at the end of the day, I think that we have to understand what is that that’s for our shareholders, how do we create the most value there.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yeah, thanks Don and we’re making great progress in agriculture this year. Currency has been about a 2% DuPont headwind of that 12%. And so volume and price, we’ve hit a little more price than volume given the new product and that product mix has really been driving our price gains. And so price is a little heavier than volume, but we’ve had strong volume progression. We grew volume in North America in corn.  We’ll have all those. We’re pulling together all those numbers. If the USDA had only reported in October we’d be in a little better position than in talking about the total. But I think that we’re really making real confidence in business and really making progress. So now we’re heading into Brazil and last year we gained three points a share both in summer and the perennial season in corn. We’ve made a lot of investments in there, in the plants in supply chain improvements down there and I think we’re going to see great progression there as well.
Ellen J. Kullman: I think that’s a little hard to estimate right now. We do see an interest in making sure the farmers get the right hybrid, the right seed size, get their first choice, get it in their barn. And so we’re seeing a little bit more activity there this year than maybe we saw last year and again I think that with the moderating commodity prices people are very interested in understanding that they are going to get the deal that they need to make the economics work for them. We’re also seeing a lot of interest in AQUAmax. We’ve really increased the acreage there. This year we’re excited to see I guess in three weeks, Paul Schickler will be out talking about how the season has shaped us for us. We talked a lot of that last week and I was very, very excited to see the performance that our growers are staying in the field. So I think there will be good news in a few weeks.
Ellen J. Kullman: So Performance Materials, we’re seeing lot of strength based of our packaging materials and the penetrations that we’ve made. We have long-term estimates that are lower than the 23% right now. If you look at it across the entire ray, but high-teens kind of thing but this is something that we are challenging the team to do. We are challenging the team to really understand the new products and the penetration there and what can be achieved to help differentiate that we are in this market. So I’m very excited about what this team is doing in Performance Materials.
Ellen J. Kullman: So from a standpoint of seed pricing in Latin America, it’s being driven by Intrasect. It is really a mix, so as we get more and more penetration and find the Intrasect product into corn in Latin America, you're seeing a positive impact on price. And we're seeing at this point, you told about yield and what a farmer can get Intrasect, I expect this year is going to be probably a third of our volume and continue to make progress. In the U.S. it is a little hard to say right now, I mean I think mix is again going to be a driver and it is going to from a product standpoint and where farmers think they can get the best deal.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, I think that what you’ve seen in the last few years is tremendous performance in our Ag business, against our competition. We’re winning in the marketplace since 2008, 10 points a share gain in beans in North America, six points in corn. Margin expansion, I think you’ve seen if you look at our stock price over that time, I think you will see our total TSR is I don't know 180% – 182% versus the S&P for I don’t know about 107%.  So I think we’ve seen, since we’ve created a very strong position in Ag coming off of 2008 till now. I think we have seen – are competing in the marketplace, are winning in the marketplace. And I think that you’ve seen that reflected in the TSR that our shareholders have experienced since then.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, so, we as you know instituted in the last 4.5 years very strong portfolio analysis process with our Board, with management and with the Board. We look at it every quarter from a management standpoint. We take the Board through it on a consistent basis, understanding how value is derived from each one of our major product areas. You see some minor adjustments like in crop protection, well sell mancozeb or something like that you will see majors like the disposition of our Performance Coatings and it’s a very active process. We consider the competitive environment. We consider how science can really make a difference from a competitive standpoint and win in the marketplace because that’s the key. And I think we take that very actively as you see from the discussions what we announced in July that we are looking at strategic alternatives for the Performance Chemicals area and we will conclude that.John P. McNulty – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great. And then just as a follow-up, when you look at this major kind of geographic regions, it sounds like Europe is maybe doing a little bit better, China I think in the opening remarks, it was indicated, that’s starting to maybe reaccelerate and yet you pulled down your kind of global industrial production forecast or I guess where are you seeing the incremental weakness relative to some of those areas that you highlighted.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think well, the economists are projecting, they were projecting pretty aggressive industrial production for 2013 and it turned out to be lower than that. So I guess in the beginning of the year they got enough, you can remember it was in the high 2s.
Ellen J. Kullman: Just below 2%. So I think that’s a reflection of the global economy. We are seeing great pass, when you think about automotive, it’s only up 2%, but it’s up 10% in China, it’s going to be 5%, 6% in North America. : But, so I think when you put that a look, industrial production is little less than what we saw at the beginning of the year, but obviously with our new products that we have introduced and our focus on the marketplace, we are going to figure out regardless of the environment, focus on how we can win. : But, so I think when you put that a look, industrial production is little less than what we saw at the beginning of the year, but obviously with our new products that we have introduced and our focus on the marketplace, we are going to figure out regardless of the environment, focus on how we can win.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, so I think what you have to consider on the Nutrition & Health is that, we shutdown some assets last year in one of the product lines that were not productive, and so part of the negative volume is the fact that we actually don’t sell in those low-end commodity areas anymore. So our volume is down. And as we continue to drive towards the more differentiated areas like cultures and probiotics, we’re really making great progress, actually with the startup of the plant in China. So I think there are good transition that’s going on there and that you are going to see as we come through this and a real focus on taking these assets and making it much higher quality from that standpoint. From the 360, the whole purpose is to drive yield improvement and today it is subscription based. We’re working with the customer with the tools in order to be able to map and to be able to understand how big you can get more from using data as – big data, you’re fine, right. We’ve got, I think 1.5 million acres under variable rate seeking prescription this past spring and we continue to see how the data and the tools can even further enhance our historic strength in white product, great market. And so we see it as a natural progression, our go-to-market strategy, because at the end of the day it’s all about the farmer and that’s what we’re good at.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, so the improvement year-over-year in electronics in the third quarter is driven off of PV, which is Tedlar sales and Solamet metallized paste. We’re also seeing some cap fund, kind of improvement as you see new smartphones and things like that come out. But just take Solamet paste, the sales were up 42% year-over-year and Tedlar was up, I think over 70% year-over-year. So I mean, you’re coming off of a real low point in the third quarter last year and we’ve been on a campaign. I think our team has done a great job in that industry focused on materials matter. That materials are huge part of creating not only the efficiency to sell the module, but the lifetime of the module And so I think if you’re seeing the share gain based on that. Dave always said this is a lumpy market. So with him I’m going to hold my breath, but I think you see the focus and the progress that’s being made there.Mark W. Connelly – CLSA Americas LLC:  Okay. And just a follow-up, I’m trying to understand the cash flow of the Imprelis payments. If you are right about the overall $1.2 billion, if I remember correctly the insurance is about $700 million, but has that already paid out or does that pay out later? I’m just trying to get a sense of what the cash flow impact might be.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think that – so Cyazypyr is just now being registered around the world. So we’re going to see next year uptake in Cyazypyr. I also think the seed treatment Dermacor and Lumigen are going to have tremendous additions to those and I think the margins are going to hold. I think we’re seeing equal value from the newer chemistry Cyazypyr and the seed treatment area as well. So we see it as really just a tremendous progress being made by that business.
Ellen J. Kullman: No, prices are a competitive issue in that marketplace and they can see from the standpoint of what our earnings have done, where price must be, but I think that’s an industry issue.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think, Frank, we’ve been real consistent on how we talked about the M&A pipeline. We are looking for things either from a science or technology standpoint that really can advance the positions that where we are. And or geographic cover it’s like you’re seeing in Pannar, I’ mean Pannar brought not only geographic covers but a broader local genetics that we’ll be able to take advantage of to continue to penetrate Sub Saharan Africa. We continue to look in areas in advanced materials, in structural biosciences and Ag’s but as you know we have a pretty hard bar on what our expectations are from an M&A standpoint. So it’s a very competitive market out there and we continue to look to see how we can grow, enhance our growth and our returns through M&A and so we’ll keep you posted.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: We did John true up to 22%. That’s what you saw in the $0.04 number there, the benefit. And what we will now see is the fourth quarter impact of that same 22% versus last year's tax rate. This is very dependent on as you know current geographic mix and how the quarter actually plays out. But year-to-date the last year was 23% and we were actually – last year it was 24% and year-to-date this year is 23.1%.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Hi, Nick here, so P.J. when you look at our supply position around over ore there, we have staggered contracts so not everything expires at one time, but as those contracts have expired as of recent when we’ve gone out into the marketplace.  We have seen a higher cost in our ore costs as a reason, but we are still very advantage from an ore perspective versus the competitive set, given our ability to consume the low-grade ores and produce the high quality TiO2. So we’ll continue to have that accrue over time, so there will be contracts ending as we renew others, but in a macro sense we remain very advantage there.P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Thank you. And my second question is a follow-up on seed pricing, what kind of seed pricing do you actually achieve in Latin America this year, and what’s the expectation for good U.S. seeds? Thank you.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes. So when you look at the cash flow thus far in the way of payments from the insurance companies, we’ve had our first insurance payment of $25 million. So that’s what we’ve seen to date and that’s something that will now progress as time goes forward. You know what the accrual is to date and you can see what we put in the press release as the ceiling.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well, we continue to be very active in the share buyback arena. We bought over $1 billion this year and if you look back over time, over the last, well I’d say since fourth quarter 2010 time period, we’ve brought back over $2.3 billion worth of shares. So it’s not something that we don’t exercise and utilize. We have and we will continue to do so. We have a program, an active program where we still have $1.7 billion left available to us for share buyback. We’ll continue to execute against that. As I’ve said before, it’s not a one-for-one sort of thing, but we will continue to utilize that program and continue to make sure we maintain a valid share count there.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, Frank it’s too soon to talk about that piece of it, because what you’re talking about is the accounting side of it there and lot of things still have to play out by year-end. I will say my guess is, it’s going to be lower again, but I just don’t have it sized yet at this point, Frank.Frank J. Mitsch – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right, so we’re… 
