Edward Breen: Great. Thanks, Greg and thanks everyone for joining this DowDuPont fourth quarter earnings call. I will start by covering the financial highlights. Then provide an update on our three key strategic drivers; the merger, the synergies and the spins. This past quarter marked the first full quarter of operations for DowDuPont and as you saw, our teams delivered strong results. Turning to Slide 4, the fourth quarter highlights were; sales increased 13%; volume rose 6%, well ahead of global GDP; operating EBITDA grew 24%; and adjusted EPS increased 41%. We benefited from strong underlying demand for our products and leading positions in growing markets. All eight operating segments recorded quarterly sales growth as did every geography. We delivered excellent operating EBITDA leverage. Operating EBITDA rose in nearly every segment on increased volume and price, cost synergies, lower pension and OPEB cost, and higher equity earnings. For the full-year, the trends were directionally similar. Pro forma sales, operating EBITDA and adjusted EPS, all grew by double-digits percentages. Now, I will share an update on the merger, synergies and intended spins. Since our last earnings call, we completed the sale of certain Dow Brazil corn seed asset. This was the third and final key remedy divestiture required by regulators. In addition, we completed the realignment of our businesses. Management responsibility for the business is shifting from the material science division to the specialty products division now rest with the new leaders. With that work behind us, our focus now turns to the synergies and the intended spins. Our goal was to hit a run rate of $500 million in cost synergies by the end of 2017. We exceeded this goal. We executed projects with run rate savings of more than $800 million at the end of the year. In fact, about 75% of our synergy projects have now been launched. And as a result of that quick start, our realized savings in the fourth quarter were more than $200 million. Today we are pleased to announce that we have raised our cost synergy commitment to 3.3 billion, up 10% versus our original plan. The lion’s share of the increase reflects upside from procurement. Our procurements teams have worked across DowDuPont together, billing contract-by-contract to identify savings opportunity and have been incentivized to deliver and lock in the highest possible savings. Here is how the new synergy commitment breaks down by division. We see 1.1 billion coming from AG, $1.235 billion from the materials and $965 million from specialty product. Finally, on Slide 5, I will update you on our timeline for the separations and intended spins. Based on our progress this past quarter, we identified ways to accelerate the spin timing. We no longer expect our spins to take up to 24 months from merge date. Rather we now expect to complete the separations about 14 to 16 months from today. We anticipate materials science separating first by the end of the first quarter of 2019 and we expect agriculture and specialty products to separate shortly after that by June 1, 2019. The next steps as you can see include allocating assets and liabilities to each of the independent companies we are standing up in such a way that we achieve the desired credit ratings and that we can compete well with the peers and our respective industries. I'll keep you apprised of our efforts with this timeline on each of our earnings calls. In addition, you will be able to see our progress when we file the initial form 10s this fall when they go effective about six months later subject to SEC approval and when we launch our equity road shows before listing the securities. In summary, our businesses are performing well. The spins are anticipated to occur in only 14 to 16 months from today. And meanwhile, we are taking up our cost synergy number to $3.3 billion. We are excited about the opportunity ahead for our company and for our shareholders as we create these three companies, each focused on serving specific growth industries with more agility and lower cost structures. With more than $4 billion combined in cost and growth synergies, we feel very much in control of our future. Now, let me turn the call over to Howard to review our financial results in more detail.
Edward Breen: Yes, this is Ed. On the synergy front look, I feel really good about where we got here with the extra $300 million. Look , we are going to be still looking over the next six, seven months for any other synergies we have and I will see where we end up, I don’t want to pre-comment on that. But I will say two things. Our procurement teams are still working very hard and they are not through everything yet, but they did hit the bigger items first, so just to give you a little perspective. And There is an awful lot of work going on with Marc Doyle and his team on the SpecCo side simply because so many end-market businesses came together with Dow and DuPont. So we are still taking a really hard look there. So that would be the opportunities, we are still testing as we go down the road. But I will tell you just to the second part of your question, we have really moved more to the growth synergy focus now. Marc on the SpecCo side has all the teams now getting together now that we are managed as one business from both the Dow side integrated in with the DuPont side and we are really working through a whole list of great action items there for growth. So, I think you’re just going to see a lot more opportunities in SpecCo than we simply would have had before when we realigned the whole portfolio. And my gut is David by time on the next earnings call; we will be talking a lot more specifics with you about where we see our biggest growth opportunities from putting these businesses together. And of course, we have talked on the AG side. There is huge amount of opportunity there just because of the different channels to market that we have, and Jim Collins and the teams have already played extensive work into that because those teams have been together for over a year now talking about these type of things. So again, we will talk more about that next quarter. But that’s where the excitement inside the company will now turn to once we lock down of what is the final cost synergy number, let’s really just get focused now on the growth side of that.
Edward Breen: That’s a loaded question. By the way just in general on tax reform, I mean you saw the benefit we are getting from that one to two points in the factory, actually [indiscernible] DuPont it would even be a bigger percent probably double that just for background. But I just mentioned a couple of points so that we are clear on this, we do have a decent amount of overseas cash between the merge company, I think it’s $12.2 billion out of our $13.5 billion literally. But what we are obviously going through right now is about all the beginning of - moving all the liabilities around and see how we get to the ratings that we want with the rating agencies for the three businesses. So our teams right now are in a little different mode than a typical company because we are really now looking at what does each of the three companies need to maintaining overseas cash, especially based on the SpecCo realignment of the portfolio. So what do we actually need to leave overseas to run of international operations and where, and then what do we have that we want to bring back et cetera, vis-à-vis based on the ratings that we want also. So that whole exercise is going on right now with our treasury and finance teams throughout the Company. But to your point on SpecCo, look, SpecCo has always had a lot of optionality to it and what we can do to create shareholder value. One of the things I love about it, just the way it’s configured now, I love it, because I think it comps extremely well against the best peer companies in that sector and I don’t mind saying their names on the phone the Honeywell and the 3M. Our EBITDA margins by the end of this year will be right on top of the best of those two. Our CapEx spend is about 4% to 5% of sales which is right on top of best-in-class peer which should allude to a great ROIC for the business done right. Our R&D is about in line with where those peer companies are. So just the way the portfolio was configured now. I think we sit really pretty as people start to understand it more the power of what we have put together, I think it should be afforded a multiple in the range of those companies. Having said that, we will always look at the best shareholder creation steps we can take and these are for any companies within a SpecCo and we will certainly look at that as we go down the road. Don't expect anything for us to be doing stuff now. We are literally just integrating thousands of people together in businesses, and we want to get back right and be very comfortable that we are positioned and then we will look at all our options.
Edward Breen: And I would just add Jim, Middle East, we have said this many times that the supply side is pent upped there with lack of wet gas. And so many of the Middle East producers including our friends at Aramco are now looking at ways to get liquids into the ethylene mix, which means a hell of a lot of byproducts, and you’re going to have to move a whole lot of other type of materials. So the CapEx upside of that as well as the multiple products will slow down supply from the Middle East. So, I think that our asset is well timed from the last based on [ridgy] (Ph) thing and I think that adds to the point on supply side. So we have always said this cycle looks more like a ridge and we see nothing that’s going to stop that for at least foreseeable years.
Edward Breen: Yes. Let me hit the first part on the portfolio and let Marc talk about some of the growth initiatives, which he has really been digging into with his team. We have already done our full analysis on the portfolio and there clearly are parts of the portfolio like you expect from a business diverse like that, that we would want to exit and monetize the asset. In the ballpark you would pull on that, it would be somewhere between 5% and 10% of the portfolio or things we would take a look at and they just don’t fit our strategic focus and by the way, our EBITDA margins will actually go up bit closer on the lower end of our averages in a couple of cases very significantly. So that cleanup will be important. We will try to accomplish some of that this year. We got it gated a little bit by the stress on our financial teams doing the spins. But we know kind of what we want to do from that end. And one thing, we have I think talked about pretty extensively to keep in mind, there is clearly some of that we wanted to do in the nutrition and health side, because we have got four, five really big growth areas there, but we have a few that are a little more in the commoditized side that we would want to clean up. So that's the one specific area we want to get to. But Marc, let's talk about some of the growth things you're working on.
Edward Breen: Yes let me just add on the AG piece because you have mentioned a top AG market. Just to put this in perspective, last year we grew the revenue line low single-digits and we had double-digit earnings growth in the AG business, between both the Dow and the DuPont portfolio. We are forecasting this year that we are going to have mid single-digit revenue growth and high teens earnings growth which certainly doesn’t make me feel bad. And probably it’s driven by two core factors, there is more than this, but if you look at it high level, a lot of our synergies kick-in in the second half of the year in AG. So that’s something within our own control and Jim has a lot of product launches that are kicking in that we expect for the second half of the year and those two really drive the results for us. So yes we get choppy quarter-to-quarter because of the shift in the AG business. But when you look at the whole year picture and the whole planting season, we think we are keying up for a nice year in a tough market that’s probably going to be flat but we are feeling good about our positioning.
Edward Breen: I guess the punch line is we are highly confident though. We are going to get to the credit ratings we want, because we already know in aggregate what we have and we are going to fortunate to get to where we need to be. So it's not a while we just got a lot of hard lifting to do, we get it all the right places.
Edward Breen: Well. Let me just hit one point, we are going to have a little bit of a different flow this year, because we have such significant cost synergies kicking in which obviously drops rate to our EBITDA line. So that's a little different than just running our normal seasonality in the business, so just keep that in perspective, but just let me turn it over to Howard.
James Fitterling: Hey good morning PJ, it's Jim. Yes, specifically in the fourth quarter we mentioned some price pressure primarily generic and that's really coming out of Latin America and mostly aimed at fungicide portfolio. Some of the [indiscernible] derivatives that we sold, we sold both the straight [indiscernible] and several mixtures in that marketplace. And some of those straight molecules came under a little bit of stress. So when I think about pricing pressure and some leakage as you suggested into North America, we are really are not seeing as much on the chemistry side as we are likely have feel in the seed side due to the pretty aggressive competitive pressure out there. And just really tough market for growers with commodity prices and a trending where they are. We are expecting as Howard said in his comments, that it's going to be a tough fill here as we start out the year.
James Fitterling: Yes let me hit the cost synergy and maybe turn it over to Howards on the cash piece. Remember, there is run rate synergies and then synergies captured within the period. So we are on a very significant ramp as we said we did over $200 million that we have got in the quarter, but we actually exited at a $800 million run-rate. Now remember, when we track all of our synergies as when we accomplished the task and is done, and then what will happen Jeff is some of these takes six ,seven, eight months to kick in. I will just give you two examples, I think just they are easy to understand, but I could give you 20 of them. We are doing a lot of rooftop consolidation, and by the way even more announced SpecCo than we are planning because if everything coming together. And by the time we get out of leases or maybe sell one of the properties consolidate into either a Dow or DuPont location. You are kind of - some of these projects - we are tracking them and then how long they are going to take, they take some months. And by the way another easy one it happens to be a fairly decent number for us is on a current track manufacturing side, we are making a lot of moves on the contract manufacturing side, but we have contracts in place that could be another four, five, six months before it ends with a contractor and we make our move. So again we are tracking every one of them in detail, but that's why you will see as we exit even this next calendar year 2018. You will see a very high run rate or ramp at the end of 2018, but of course you won't see that same number actually hit and fall within the year. And so we will give you both numbers both times, but you will by the time we get the 2019 most of this is kicking in and we will be on the tail end of it. Literally as I said 75% of the projects are already launched, so we are really in flick of it right now and you just got to give it some months in many of these cases to actually kick into place. And don’t forget one of the other big delays and we have already taken a bunch of these actions is on the AG side also where it takes a planting season to actually realize the savings. So a lot of Jim Collins bigger moves like the seed production consolidation from third-parties internally to an old heritage DuPont product facility, you won’t see until you get into the next year. But again, we will keep you posted on what actions we have taken and then try to give you a lot of clarity around in period versus run rate.
James Fitterling: Good morning Hassan, this is James, sorry about the voice. Yes, I think we now look for growth and be a still solid and about 3.7% growth rate as we look forward. China obviously has continued to grow actually; the emerging markets are continuing to grow. So while new polyethylene capacity has come on in the U.S., not enough has come on really to keep up with the market growth rate. And if you look at what is happening right now actually ethylene is longer than polyethylene in the Gulf Coast. We don't have enough plans right now in the Gulf Coast to convert it also. I think you're going to see things are going to be a lot more balanced in 2018 and 2019 and people anticipate. The recycling bans are having some impacts in some countries. As I probably hear more noise about that in Europe, where places like Germany have no place to move materials and it’s backing up to both PET and polyethylene. And of course, there is no place to incinerate in Europe, the incinerators are all full. But all that said, I'm not sure that has a very big effect on the leverage and PE growth rate. Most of that recycling is going to move to another country and some of them is moving to Southeast Asia right now. Your point on China though in terms of carbon and emission is very true. For several years, their emissions have gone down from burning less coal last year they rose. There are a lot of concerns about that you have seen a lot of pressures being put on. They need to sustain negative coal burning rates like negative 1% per year to actually have an impact on pollution and the way you see that is the big pull that's coming on LNG into China. They are going to have to increase LNG import something like at the rate of 17% to 19% per year and the China keep the pressure on coal and to keep the pollution down. Right now, MTO in China is out of the money by about $150 a ton, those operating rates are low. So all these dynamics I think are very favorable for us as we look forward with this new capacity coming on in the U.S. gulf and two more furnaces for TX-9 and a couple of new plants; one in Europe and one in the U.S. Gulf Coast in the next couple of years.
James Fitterling: Yes, Jonas. This is Jim, a couple of things if you looked at where we were in the fourth quarter, one of the things that was in the fourth quarter numbers was a pretty high amount of ethylene and hydrocarbons byproduct sales. If you remember we came out of the hurricane and we actually were running pretty well, most of our competitors were having some trouble with the crackers, but our crackers were running and some of the polyethylene plants were down, we had [indiscernible (0:37)] for example. So we had a little bit different mix than we usually had with more hydrocarbon sales. Our view going forward is, we will have less of that next year. I think we will have a lighter crack slate next year, which means less byproducts in Europe. In this year, we had a big season in Europe, butadiene prices spike. And so I think that’s going to come off a little bit. We are going to have higher hydrocarbon costs through the year. So we are anticipating we will be able to keep up with that. But we are not anticipating a huge margin improvement on that. And we have got some start-up costs in the first part of the year. So I think in general and you’re right, the plastics business volumes are going to increase, but the hydrocarbon byproduct sales and the ethylene sales are going to come down a bit. And with the lighter crack slate, it will be a little bit less advantageous in Europe for us for byproduct sales.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey, Jeff. This is Howard. On the cash from ops, good question and you’re right to target areas that you did. You know because of the merger, we don’t have any pro forma statements on cash flow. But when you do an apples-to-apples look, our cash from ops is actually up almost $1.5 billion versus the same quarter a year ago when you strip out some of those one-time items. So nearly a 30% increase in the cash from ops on an apples-to-apples basis versus same quarter a year ago.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, John. So, our revenue was up 15% versus same quarter last year and all businesses and all those were up. Prices up 10%, volume was up 4% and consumer solutions tranches up 9% and it was up revenue 14%. Even Monomers & Coatings was up on price by 10% and volume up 4%, and that was led by North America and Asia Pacific, and the construction outlook there continues to be good. Look, we have downstream demand across all the silicones markets and application, but I think that’s true as well for Marc’s businesses. The acrylic operating rates have been better. MMA is still tight and I expect it to be tight through the first half [indiscernible] looks like it’s going to be tight through 2020. The acrylic operating rates are much better. So, I think all of that’s been very constructive and we have seen everything moving in the right direction, which I think looks to be.
Howard Ungerleider: Frank good morning. I'm not sure I can enlighten you, but I really answer to your question, how you're doing. What I would say is we did a $1 billion in the fourth quarter. As we think about Q1 I would say you should think about that same rate of the first quarter is another $1 billion. Of course we are going to continue to be opportunistic as we were in the fourth quarter. Remember that and Ed made a comment on earlier question I mean we are working on the capital structure of all three companies and that's the work that we have to do through the balance of this year until we get each of the new divisions rated, we don't have broad access for the debt capital markets, so we want to maintain financial flexibility, and I would say prudent levels of liquidity. But with that said, we are going to continue to be opportunistic. And don't forget in terms of the guidance, you have got a time - a weighted average effect right, because you're not buying in the first month of the every quarters. So you are basically doing it in a lag basis because of when we report earnings and the open window versus the prior period.
Howard Ungerleider: So Peter, this is Howard. I'll take a stand at the question. I mean what we are working on now is really setting up these three separate publicly traded companies all for growth - all with more focus and the ability to move faster. We are pretty clear that target credit metrics and credit profiles that we are working on the Materials Science should look like Dow in the fourth quarter of 2015. The AG Company should look like DuPont in the fourth quarter of 2015 and we have set investment grade for the Specialty division. So we are setting up pretty strong investment grade companies that will all be focused on growth and obviously, I think Ed mentioned it in his prepared remarks, but we are working on the assets and liabilities, and the pensions and the cash and the debt. And so that's the work that we have in front of us and you will be hearing more as the timeline slide in the deck shows, you will be hearing more as we get through the next several quarters through the end of 2018.
Howard Ungerleider: And so I think as you said in your script, we are in control of the cost synergies. We have the playbook, they add details. We know when that will hit, we know the lag lead on AG, we know that that number is in our imminent future. And now, we are getting the growth synergy conversation the earlier question deeply within all three divisions. So when you look at the go-forward 12 months in front of us here before we get the spin, the abilities ahead you lift on cost synergies and get the growth synergy platform, will give us three robust balance sheets to enable us to go through more work on growth or share buyback or both most likely.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would just say that operating EBITDA and what you see on the modeling side ex-AG up 13%. When you include AG, because of the seasonal shift that James talked about, Ed has talked about between Q1 and Q2 it's obviously lower than that, but 4.6 to 4.8 is the guidance we are giving for operating EBITDA for Q1 for the company.
