Leland Weaver: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for DuPont's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. We're making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. These slides are posted on the Investor Relations section of DuPont's website and through the link to our webcast. Joining me on the call today are Ed Breen, Chief Executive Officer; and Lori Koch, our Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risk and uncertainty, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our 2020 Form 10-K, as updated by our current and periodic reports, includes detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items. We will also refer to other non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in our press release and posted to the Investor page of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Ed.
Leland Weaver: Thank you, Ed. Before we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Leland Weaver: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on the DuPont website. This concludes our call.
Ed Breen: Thanks, Lori. Let me close with our financial outlook on Slide 8, which includes our view of the second quarter and full year 2021. We are raising our full year guidance range for net sales, operating EBITDA and adjusted EPS. At the midpoint of the range provided, we now expect net sales for the year to be about $15.8 billion, which reflects year-over-year growth of 10%, up from our previous estimate of 8% growth. We expect to improve leverage and now expect operating EBITDA for the year to be about $4.03 billion, at the midpoint of the range provided, a year-over-year increase of 17%. These revised estimates reflect our solid start to the year and confidence in our team's ability to continue to navigate global supply key challenges. We are also raising our adjusted EPS range for the full year by $0.30 per share and now expect adjusted EPS of $3.67 per share, at the midpoint of the range provided. In addition to the strong operating performance of our businesses, the share repurchases we are completing under our existing programs and the narrowing of our estimated tax range supporting the [indiscernible] while contributing to the revised [indiscernible] estimates. For the second quarter 2021, we expect net sales to be about $3.975 billion, and we expect the operating EBITDA to be about $1 billion, both at the midpoints of the ranges provided and both well above results in the second quarter last year.  At the midpoint of the range provided, we expect adjusted EPS for the second quarter of 2021 of $0.94 per share, which now reflects the full reduction in shares resulting from the N&B exchange offer and our weighted average [indiscernible]. With that, let me turn it over to Leland to open up for Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes. I'll start, and maybe Lori wants to jump in. If I may, I don't think our normal cyclicality plays out this year because of what you just described. Very different dynamics this year. I'd say one of the biggest issues is really the inflation cost on all materials here and then the pricing actions that we can take. So that's a pretty big dynamic for all of us that you see reporting here. But probably, the first quarter, the cost deflation was very little. It was about $20 million. We expect in the second quarter that lists to about $90 million. And we expect the full year impact of raw material inflation to be about $300 million. So it kind of goes up to kind of $90 million to $100 million in the second quarter, holds there for the year, which gets you kind of the $300 million. So we've been -- have been a constructive price market, Steve, and we think we'll catch most of the second quarter inflation, but maybe not all of it as we have some contracts that are 30, 60 days. But we're very confident that we'll be able to cover the walls. When you look at the year in total, that we'll be able to make that up. So we're expecting for total DuPont for our pricing to be up low single digits for the year. But clearly, more so in the M&M division where a lot of the world inflation is -- no price increase in electronics simply because you don't get it there, you get a new product introductions that you get fed and some price increase in Water & Protection, within water and safety business specifically. So I'd say that's a big dynamic there. And then from a kind of a revenue standpoint, I'd say the other big dynamic is because of the raw material constraints that we're seeing. When we did the fourth quarter call, Lori and I talked about a $60 million to $80 million miss in sales that we were expecting in the quarter. And then you had the freeze down in Texas. So we think it's -- we missed out about $100 million of sales in the quarter, which is $20 million to $25 million of EBITDA. We expect another $100 million in the second quarter, $100 million to $120 million missed revenue. But like you're hearing from all the others, we're not going to lose the business. We will make it up as the constraints kind of worked their way through because everyone was kind of dealing with the same issue here. So I'd say that's the large dynamics of sequentially and then going into the year, second half of the year. All the end markets, Steve, played out the way we thought they would. The ones we thought would be hot were hot. The ones we thought we saw, like commercial construction, residential oil and gas are all lifting nicely on the lows of last year, but not back to '19 levels. So we expect that to continue through the year also.
Ed Breen: Yes. First of all, I'm not sure this will resolve itself in the year either. You've heard quite a few suppliers talk about this going and potentially into next year, depending on what it is. So inventory levels in new autos chain are very, very low in the supply chain itself. Finished goods are low. You still got the semiconductor ratio that's going to mute things, which I've heard most people think of going into 2022. So I think you got that dynamic going on here. So I wouldn't gauge at all just throwing it into the second half of the year at all.
Ed Breen: No. India is not a big impact at all in that one. The biggest upside for us though is India in the water business. That's a real key market for us, but it's not that big in the scheme of things yet. So no, it didn't have any significant impact for us. If we add N&B in the portfolio, it would have been bigger, but that was really where our bigger presence was in our portfolio.
Ed Breen: We don't think much. I mean we cited a couple of customers we know they are building inventory. It's some in Asia that we think preorder, but it's like $30 million to $40 million business. We're not seeing it. The people just can't get their hands on enough right now. I mean there's so many force majeures out there across the supply chain, again, mostly in the auto business I'm talking about. But I don't see inventory build in the channel. And you know historically, finished goods at autos is very low right now globally. So we don't see a lot of that. Our people trying to double order. I think there's some of that going on, but everyone's getting allocated product at this point in time. So it's not like they're able to build an inventory base. I'll use DuPont as an example. Our inventory well of about $100 million, and it's in mostly in our M&M business, and we couldn't get it up on the other walls to get the product out the door. So we did plan on -- we're not double ordering. We just couldn't get it out the door to have a finished good. So again, in the scheme of our numbers, that's not a big deal. But I'm sure there's a decent amount of that going on, but I wouldn't call it double ordering the stockpile.
Ed Breen: Yes. So Jeff, we're looking at a couple of bolt-ons. One of them is exactly what we've described the last couple of quarters in the water space. I think what we're looking at is very similar to Laird where with synergies, high confidence in, by the way, cost synergies, we can get it up at a multiple that makes sense for DuPont, or by the way, we just won't buy it. We just don't know that final answer yet. So yes, I think there's -- some of those opportunities are out there to do that in some of the spaces we really like there's going to be a great secular growth areas for us in the future. But I'm not talking huge things at this point in time. As I always say, we'll always look at transformative moves if it makes sense for the company -- there's something a couple long, and these are truly a couple bolt-ons in the hundreds of millions, not billions that we're looking at. But similar dynamic I would say to Laird.  So maybe to your question, yes, those opportunities are there for us.
Ed Breen: And we're sold-out on those assets. So as we move things around, it's not like we're picking up extra volume. Right now, we'll get the same margin impact. And that's why our biggest CapEx program is a new line over in Europe that will come on in 2023. It's our single biggest CapEx program, and we're flat out.
Ed Breen: Yes. I mean with all of us with our ESG goals out there in the industrial world, I mean, the secular growth opportunity here looks like it's going to be pretty awesome for the next couple of decades. So I mean we all have metrics we're trying to hit on clean water, and we all have these facilities around the world. So it should be a really nice opportunity. And by the way, one of the reasons we would like to grow this business organically and inorganically.
Ed Breen: It's definitely -- look, we bought it on the cross-sell, i.e., when you get right down, the way it broadens out the portfolio very significantly in a couple of key technology areas that are needed as there's more advanced technologies coming here, especially thermal management being a key one. So look, the closer we're delivering our -- just going to go at it real quickly just to get it out of the way, but we want it for the growth opportunity, the cross-sell opportunity to be able to bring more solutions to our customers. Remember, in that business, we have a lot of application engineers that are resolving customer issues. And with shrinkage in size of all these components, some of these technologies become more and more important. And so that's the reason we bought it strategically, we think it's a great fit. It's where the industry is headed. And it's more of really the growth reason in that business, but we'll get the cost synergies. So we bought it at a nice number from a multiple standpoint.
Ed Breen: Yes. So usually, John, it's an issue of CEO sitting on 2 boards, external boards. But I think in general, and by the way, they have -- also have the issue you just raised. My thoughts, in general, our investors understand why I'm doing it. I don't need to do other things in my life. But I think they understand it, it's very important to me and to DuPont that this goes well, we go opening more than half the company is what we put into IFF. So it's extremely important to our shareholder base. So I think it's morally the right thing to do. But under the definition by an independent director, there's absolutely no doubt about that. And it's very similar driver on the Corteva Board, the help and the transition there. I don't see this is any different than I think it's the right thing to do.
Ed Breen: Yes. Look, I would say, short term here, we're very focused operationally running the company. But remember, we just closed the N&B transaction 2 months ago. It seems like forever, and there's a lot of heavy lift there. We still have to finish cars and do the 3 noncore businesses, which we'll get out after mid-year out of the portfolio, and that will bring in $900 million of proceeds. So we still have a heavy lift going on there. And then remember, at the same time, we're going to be starting the integration of the Laird business into the portfolio. So we definitely got a lot of that type of work, in addition to looking at a couple of targeted M&A opportunities as I had mentioned. So -- but I think that has a lot going on portfolio-wise still this year and with all of the issues we talked about managing raw material inputs and pricing through all that in a kind of a crazy but fun year. We've got our hands full. So I'd say portfolio kind of getting to kind of where we want it. Again, we would never take off the table looking some transformative things. But generally, cleaning up the noncore, getting Laird in and operationally, really just knows as a grindstone here.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think the guidance that we provided essentially assumes a similar quarter for revenue like we saw in 1Q, so pushing $4 billion between -- around a $3.9 billion and $4 billion range in the second quarter. And then if you look at the full year outlook, you can back into a similar number in the back half of the year. So whatever upside we may see from the M&M portfolio getting back that lost volume in the first half, so still that tends to be a little bit of seasonality in our results that would offset that. Still landed at flat number dollar-wise from a revenue perspective.
Lori Koch: Yes. We have been somewhere in the range of -- yes, we had mentioned somewhere in the range of 6 to 8x EBITDA multiple on those businesses.
Lori Koch: Sure. Yes, I think you said it correctly. So we did see a little bit of acceleration from an order perspective in the first quarter, probably the first half versus what we normally see from some of the smart homes provider. So from a site perspective, probably about a $10 million benefit for the quarter. They're not hugely material to DuPont raw materials. I think they're [indiscernible] segment. If you look at the full year, we've got Interconnect Solutions. We expect to be up kind of in the mid-single digits, so it will normalize as the year goes on. Part of that is due to very strong comps from last year. So if you recall, in the fourth quarter of last year, we [indiscernible] interconnect as some of those producers pulled some volume into 2020 as well.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think what we had mentioned about Tyvek in the quarter was garment volume. It adds, it wanes, it picks volume back up in some of the more medical or industrial end markets. And so from a demand perspective, there's not a headwind overall. The headwind that we saw in the quarter was more so around production capabilities. And so we have pushed some of our planned maintenance activity that was planned for 2020 into 2021 just given the COVID response that was needed in last year. And so that tamped down the volume that we were able to produce and then sell in Q1. If I were to size it, I would probably size it around $20 million of a headwind in general for Tyvek. And back on the comment on the garment demand potentially being mainly picked up by other end markets, it's a similar margin profile. So there's no headwind there from that perspective.
Lori Koch: Yes. I expect to drive improvement from where we were in the first quarter, and that will also translate to improvement in free cash flow conversion. So we'll continue to target greater than 90% of the year, which implies a significant improvement from where we were in Q1. So Q1 was really a function of the higher sales. So we were up about 8% in sales that translated to about a 7% increase in AR. And as I had mentioned, we were opportunistic in buying lots and we could get them. But surely, inventory increased. So I would expect on a full year basis, I might be in right now for working capital to be used, just given the top line growth as we're expecting, probably more so in the $200 million range. So improvement coming out of Q1. But I think more importantly, the measure that we pay attention to is net working capital term. And so we saw significant improvement last year to the June, ending the year at about 5.2 turns. We'll look to target about 5.3 turns as we close the year.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think the growth, a lot of it is coming from the desalination side. Also, we have a large growing -- it's small today, but it's growing nicely opportunity within the residential space. And so we've now got the leading technology from all 3 applications between reverse osmosis, ion exchange and also filtration in our acquisition. So we feel comfortable, and as Ed had mentioned, continue to look at opportunities for us to expand our presence there. So I think filtration continues to be a large opportunity for us as well. So as Ed had mentioned, whether it's lithium or other types of filtration, we will continue to be a big player in that space.
Lori Koch: And I think about our opportunity in addition to ESG is the potential underneath the infrastructure plan that has targeted investments in the water filtration require a perfect purification space.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think the potential lower growth in the second half is really just a comparison. So obviously, the second half -- second quarter is going to be the largest year-over-year growth driver for us just given that was the lead point of last year, and then we approved as the year went on. So I don't see a material change in the actual EBITDA number kind of similar to the revenue conversation we had earlier, so I think a similar environment. As I've mentioned earlier, from an end market perspective, we're generally that and even above 2019 in those cases, the full year guidance that we had out there has our revenue up 6% versus 2019. And the guide that we put, I think, was the EBITDA kind of low teens. And so we're generally back and then the markets that are weak are really just a handful. And they're more around the aerospace which is up off the bottom, but still off of 2019 and commercial construction, which in the aggregate don't make up a material portion of our portfolio.
Lori Koch: Yes, I.t really comes from the new products we had mentioned within CMP slurring lithography also within company in the advanced packaging space. So if you look at our revenue performance within semiconductor technology versus where the market does, we were up about 18% in total. We estimate FSI, which is the market indicator that we look at, which is the amount that we first produced was probably up about 9% in the quarter. We think we got about 4% or so just from where we play. So some of the spaces within the semiconductor space grew higher than the market average. And then the remaining 4% would have been from that share gain perspective.
