Edward Breen: Yes, Jeff. So we looked over the weekend at our order rates as of the end of last week, and across the board, our order rates are hanging right in there where we would expect them to be. The only softness that we've seen, which we've mentioned before, is smartphones in China. Demand is down, and I don't know how much of that is because of the lockdowns versus just true demand down. And we're seeing some lightness on the PCB board side, which is really for PCs, tablets, things like that, not significant but a little bit of a downdraft there. And besides that, everything, at least in our order rate, is holding in.  And now remember, we have a really solid look, I would say, on our orders out about 30 days and the bulk of the businesses, some of them longer than that. Like, the water business is actually some months. So we're a little bit shorter cycle on the order rate. But as we sit today, it looks like things are hanging in there.  We have seen no downdraft to your specific point on the construction side. Both the resi was -- order rates are good in the last week. The commercial was good, and the do-it-yourself piece of that business was still good.  By having said that, Jeff, we're not naive. We see data points out there. And obviously, we're doing recession planning, just to be ready if things do soften up. But at this point in time, I'm not seeing it.
Edward Breen: Yes, Jeff. So we're talking to the Board about it, and just to reiterate the prepared comments we made, we're clearly thinking heavy on a share repurchase here with the amount of cash available. But -- and I wouldn't say the cash has to be in the door. I just want to see kind of -- I'd use the term green lights through town that the timing is what we think we're going to be ready to do this by November 1 with all the internal work, both we're doing and Celanese is doing. But my gut is by the time you get through regulatory, we and -- our comment was kind of end of the year right at the first of the year 2023. So -- but you never know with regulatory and if there's COVID lockdowns, you just -- you don't know for sure. So I just want to get closer, and then we'll make a final decision.
Edward Breen: Yes. So the night -- there's a good and a bad. I guess I'll just put it that way. The good is the revenue line is right on what the planning assumptions were, and the win rate is looking really, really nice. The EBITDA is off the planning model, and by the way, I'd say it's for -- putting price/cost aside, which you can catch up on, which will happen, there were 4 or 5 operational issues that have been hitting them that are really impacting the EBITDA percent. By the way, all fixable, all within the control of the team to fix those. So we expect improvement to come.  And by the way, I'll just give you 2. One of them is not really even something they can control. They're being shorted as the whole industry is on the silicon side, and it's a very high-margin application for them. So obviously, we're trying to -- they're trying to secure more silicon supply. And at some point here, that'll even out, but that's off.  And then just to give you one other example, they used more contract manufacturing because they're bringing up a facility that they -- that had a fire in it that they're bringing that back up online. But in the meantime, to satisfy the customers, they're using contract manufacturing, which is really eating into the margin of that business. So that's 2 examples, but there's 3 other ones.  So those things, that's being worked on, and they're getting ready to launch that facility again and bring the production back in-house. So it's items like that. We'll work through that. My hope and gut is we'll be in good shape going into 2023 as we get these operational issues fixed.
Edward Breen: Yes. Both revenue and earnings are ahead. And we got good synergies out of that. We're getting -- we're probably about 80% through that. We've identified real solidly $63 million in synergies. But what I'm more excited about on Laird, and I think the same is going to play out with Rogers, is really the revenue opportunities between the 2 as Lori was sort of just alluding to. We just had another one in European auto, customer who Laird had a direct relationship with and we were able to use some of our existing DuPont technology and an application to resolve an issue for them. And it seems like a nice new revenue stream with that customer. So that's really exciting with the kind of putting this tool kit together.
Edward Breen: Steve, I'll breakdown for you because you were just using raws. The breakdown of the inflation is about 60% is raws, 20% is logistics, and 20% is energy. Just to give you kind of a feel for it. And by about 70% of our inflation is in the W&P segment, where you can see we got phenomenal pricing.
Edward Breen: Well, remember, Steve, one of the -- first of all, it just depends how deep recession is. So far, it's a hard one to answer. But remember that the Tyvek product line, which is one of the biggest segments in there, that's a sold-out asset. So we can divert product to other end markets. For instance, we are shorting right now, unfortunately, the medical market -- medical packaging market. We're trying to work through that backlog as we speak. So we have other applications for it in the sold-out asset. And by the way, I think the water business -- just to use W&P, I think the water business would hold in there pretty well in a recession.  So yes, we'll see some effect of it. Nomex would probably go down a little bit. Kevlar might go down a little bit, but I think we can hang in there pretty well.
Edward Breen: Yes. Well, John, that is a great question. We talk about it all the time. So we made a, I'd say, strategic decision that all the price increases we did were all baked into the product price. So we did not do surcharges that are tied to some index or something like that. So I feel good about the approach that we took. And obviously, our goal, if a recession hits and commodity costs come down, would be to then get a gap, maintain a gap going forward where obviously, we're maintaining more price than the decrease on the commodity.  And we're -- by the way, we've been working on these scenarios for the last month with our teams like where do we feel and how much can we hold in each of our end markets. But our goal is going to clearly be to hold a gap so that we can help our EBITDA margin percent, which is -- as Lori just mentioned, obviously, has been hit the other way with the price/cost thing but where we can benefit from it. So I won't get into each end market, but I think we have the opportunity to do what I just said. To what extent, we'll see as it plays out.  But that -- by the way, that's interesting. And this -- if a recession hits, that's the one thing that is very, very different for companies like ours and many others, where in the past, you didn't have this dynamic. You had a recession, you were cutting your costs or whatever you did. And this time, you have -- this is probably the single biggest dynamic that improved financial performance that clearly we have and many, many global companies have.
Edward Breen: So we're already getting past the disruption. We've been bringing lines up this week. This problem hit 1.5 weeks ago. And it's just -- it's a safety issue, by the way. We have to methodically go through, look at all the lines, what ended up being cogs just caught stuck in them when it went down. So it's a little bit of a process. But we're bringing some lines up a day ago, and later today, we bring a line up again. So we know we're out of the problem here over the next few days. But we don't make that up. Because for instance, Tyvek is one of the products -- big products there. It's a sold-out asset. So we can only make so much, and we're sold out.  But by the way, just to give you a sequence from the third to the fourth quarter, you see a little bit of a lift, which is not necessarily the seasonal pattern. But what's happening there is we have the Spruance not being down, so we don't have that third quarter to fourth quarter problem. We'll be running full tilt there. We have a new water line that we've been telling you about that's coming up at Edina, which will give us incremental volume. On a sold-out business, also our reverse osmosis product line.  And then remember, we have the Kapton line coming up in our electronics business and our Circleville facility, and they all hit in the fourth quarter and give us the incremental volume. And Kapton's also a sold-out asset. So we're not expecting a sequential third to fourth necessary change in demand in the marketplace. They just happen to be the sold-out assets where we start getting some production out of them.
Edward Breen: Yes. I'll give you really both of the bigger businesses here. I think E&I, and you've seen us do this ex the price cost, we should be able to run that 32%, 33% EBITDA margin. And this quarter, we weren't far off of that and then a little bit of price/cost there. And I think that's about where that will run and pretty consistently have been there.  In the W&P business, we really think we can get that over time to kind of more of a 27%, 28% business. Now by the way, we're planning on getting some of that as commodities at some point here, drift down, and we maintain, as I mentioned a minute ago, some incremental pricing above that. But then internally, in our own control is really capacity release at our facilities. And that would be specifically on Tyvek, our water assets, and our Nomex product line would be the big ones for continued capacity release.  And in our prepared remarks, Chris, one of the things you see we've been working heavily on is working on a lot of digital tools that we're implementing on our facilities that are helping us on the reliability side. These are big heavy assets on the W&P side, so you get a 1% improvement. You get quite a bit of throughput. So we're really spending our time working kind of our operational excellence playbook. And that's what will really help us on the W&P to keep incrementing that up.
Edward Breen: Yes, Chris. So what we've been doing on Delrin is we've been working on standing it up. It was a division in a division. So it was a little extra of work for us. We finished up the data room. We're going to actually really launch the process here in the early fall. We're just waiting to get through the summer. So I can't give you any color commentary on detailed number of people. But I would think it's more strategics that are going to be interested in this asset. By the way, it's a business that has 30% EBITDA margins. It's doing very well still in this environment. So that's probably the timing of it. And that's why we said, so if that's the timing, by the time you get to the -- to close the deal, you're probably about the middle of 2023. And that would really be the end of the kind of the divestiture and getting the portfolio where we want it. But now remember that asset is already in discontinued operations.
Edward Breen: Yes. It's ongoing conversations. And as you know, the judge just encouraged that to go on. But I don't have anything new to say. We continue to have pretty consistent conversations to try to resolve the issues, and I'm still optimistic. But nothing new to say.
Edward Breen: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vincent. So any bolt-on that we would do, first of all, would be on 1 of the 5 pillars that we talk about. And we've been looking at things that are -- let me say, a bolt-on would be more like Laird, not as big as Rogers. That $1 billion, $2 billion type range, and it would be something that would bring additional technology to play in one of those pillars that was, back to the electronics example, just give us more tools in the toolkit to resolve issues for our customers because we're so strong in application engineering, and we're really seeing the benefit of that with Laird tied together with the DuPont electronics portfolio. I know we're going to see it with the Rogers one. So it would be something like that in one of those pillars that we would look at.
Edward Breen: Yes, the items they're having operationally all are in their control, I would say, except for the silicon supply, which obviously we're having the same issues here, so we understand it.  But yes, the others are in their control, so they can work through those. As you said, it hopefully tee up well for of 2023. The modeling, by the way, for them was for growth in the high single digits in 2022. And they hit that, obviously, in the first quarter. I can't say anything about the second quarter. I'm not allowed to, but we would expect them to perform high single digits this year on top line. So that's nice, and to Lori's point a few minutes ago, they're really seeing nice opportunities as we are on the EV side. So feeling good about that work through the operational issues.
Edward Breen: P.J., I had also mentioned, back to points Lori was talking about earlier too, we very much care about production on the EV side of things. The new portfolio -- new DuPont portfolio is very much weighted towards that and not the ICE engine. We are more ICE engine-related, I'll say, because of the M&M portfolio, which, by the way, M&M will also sell nice in the EVs. But this new portfolio was very EV-driven. So the growth rate of that becomes way more important. Obviously, we like the overall growth rate of autos to go up, but it's even very weighted towards that piece.
Lori Koch: Yes, I think to Ed's point too just on the top line, one of the areas that we're really impressed with is their penetration in EV. And so they've seen really nice growth there. We'll continue to take advantage of the opportunity, especially the combined opportunity in DuPont when we put it together with our EV applications. I think we've mentioned, in the past, the 2 portfolios generate about $400 million of revenue today. So we're excited to get those 2 together and see what we can do.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we're now expecting between raw materials, logistics and higher energy costs about $700 million. So it's about a $100 million increase from where we were sitting when we did the prior earnings call. But we still expect to fully cover that with price increases. So we'll be net-neutral on the bottom line. It just creates the headwinds on the margin profile as we have telegraphed. It was about 150 basis points in total this quarter. So underlying -- we held flat on margins year-over-year. But if you take out that delta, we were actually up about 140, 150 basis points, a nice leverage through the P&L.
Lori Koch: It would have been in the raw -- yes, it wouldn't have been in the raws, but it would have been in the total $600 million. So it's not new in total. But the increase from the prior $600 million to the current $700 million is really primarily the increase in energy costs and then the knock-on effect to logistics as we see higher fuel costs.
Lori Koch: And I think you know the statistics, just to be sure. So the residential piece of construction is about 40%. The rest is 40% commercial and then about 20% repair and remodel. In the commercial, the largest end markets underneath there are more on the health care side and the restaurant side. So those are -- they make up the bulk of the commercial opportunity for us.
Lori Koch: Yes. Right now, we're not expecting any material impact as they start to ration energy in Germany. There's one plant site in our existing go-forward portfolio that doesn't use it, so we don't see an impact there. It's in the businesses that we retained from M&M. M&M does have a plant in Germany so that they could be impacted minimally if there were some rationing going on there. But as we see it right now, we don't see a headwind from a utilization perspective. We'll obviously continue to watch the European natural gas prices, which have an impact on primarily W&P and the Remainco portfolio. They've got a few plant sites in Europe. So they're up again. I think they were EUR 210 or so as of the last couple of days. So we'll continue to keep an eye on those to see where that moves.
Lori Koch: Yes. So in the second quarter, garment volumes were down about $40 million. So we were able to make up a little of that with increasing sales in the medical and other end markets. But in total, garments were down $40 million. We expect that to be a hit again in 3Q on a year-over-year basis. And then in the fourth quarter, we start to get out of that year-over-year comp headwind.  The piece too on the production side, you -- not so much a demand because you can shift the demand to other end markets from the garments. It's more around the product produced that you net out to a headwind. And so when we were making garments, we were able to just run garments the entire time and minimize the changeovers on the lines. Now that we're back to a more normal product mix, we're having to have more changeovers than we had last year, so therefore, translating to lower pounds produced.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think as we look towards the second half, we don't see any material margin movement in the second half versus the first half. We were around 23%, more like 25%, 26% when you take away the price/cost headwinds in the first half. And so as we look to the second half, we would expect that same 23% roughly underlying and then you have 25-ish, 26% when you take away the price/cost headwind.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think as to your first part of your question, I don't see them changing the product mix that they make on the fabs, but they can kind of shift around the end markets. And so we've seen them move away as there's been some weakness in the consumer electronics space to more of the data center applications, where the demand remains very, very robust, which is favorable to our portfolio, just given the higher advanced technologies associated with those end market data center applications. And so you can see in our results in the second quarter, we continue to post very strong results. And we're well positioned as we go forward to take advantage of the increase in the fabs through the construction that's taking place.  And so right now, I believe, over the next few years, we'll bring on an incremental about 7% capacity when it comes to wafer starts, and we're very well positioned. We've got great relationships with the majority of those fabs that are putting in capacity. And so while it's hard to say if you want any new capacity from those new lines coming on, I don't know if they actually have had all that in place, but we'll continue to maintain very strong relationships with those large players that are putting in capacity.  We've said in the past that we'll be about 200 to 300 basis points ahead of MSI growth. We're posting those results this year. So I don't see any reason why we wouldn't continue to do that. And I think it's important to know, the semi market and the revenue that's posted is a function of both price and volume. And our exposure is to the volume piece. And so price can be volatile in the semi market. That doesn't impact our results. It's really a focus on the wafer starts and the MSI so that the millions of square inches of wafer is produced.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we see the opportunity in EV between our portfolio and Rogers' portfolio to be about $250 a car. So a really nice content number. As I had mentioned earlier, today, we have about $400 million of revenue between the 2 portfolios. So about $200 million coming in from Rogers and about $200 million in our existing portfolio, which is predominantly made up of adhesives. And then we have a Nomex paper application for the e-motor piece. So a very nice opportunity, as I had mentioned for the 2 companies to come together to continue to drive opportunities in the space. It's a really high growth rate as we've mentioned before, too. So EV applications are, overall, growing in the mid-teens, ADAS applications even higher than that. We've got a nice ADAS portfolio today with the incoming Laird acquisition, so lots of opportunities for growth.
Lori Koch: Yes. That's a key opportunity for us is to continue to get capacity to release also sold-out assets. And so during a pandemic, recall that we brought Line 1 back up, so we were able to bring on a little bit of incremental capacity. Line 1 is the oldest line in the portfolio, so it doesn't have as much production as the newer lines, but it was incremental capacity for us. So we'll continue to try to get more pounds off of all the lines between both Spruance and Luxembourg as we await the new Tyvek asset, which we expect sometime around the end of 2023.
Lori Koch: I would say it's in line with normal seasonality, so the -- with the one exception of we will start to return to posting growth within the Interconnect Solutions business on a year-over-year basis, just given that last year was a little odd with respect to the smartphone shipments of what they normally do this year. It's more on a normal pattern. So you saw the headwind in the first half as we posted volume declines. We expect to have volume increases in the second half within the Interconnect Solutions. That's a year-over-year basis, but sequentially, no, no material change to our usual pattern, with the one exception, as Ed had mentioned, that the Kapton line coming on, which will provide some incremental revenue in the back half of the year.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean I think maybe coming into the year, we had expected some margin improvement as we went into the back half, but the last quarter and this quarter, we've seen those more flatten out. It's a function of, one, the incremental price headwinds that we've seen. So a lot of it is that. So recall back when we originally gave guidance for the full year, we thought overall raw materials, logistics and energy would only be $350 million. That number has now went to $700 million as we have mentioned, and the majority of that increase is in W&P. So that creates as reported margin headwind for us.
Lori Koch: Yes. No, those are generally performing well. We had a little bit of a shortfall in the second quarter with access to raw materials within our Nomex. So it really wasn't a structural demand issue or an operational issue. It's we couldn't get access to some of the key inputs to make the Nomex product. But nothing to work through on the aramid side as far as asset utilization like we're seeing on the Tyvek side with the increased changeovers as we ride through the garment change.
Lori Koch: Yes. So the math you're getting to is about a $30 million sequential increase from 3Q at approximately $810 million, and then you back into about $840 million. So it's really coming from 3 primary drivers. One is you don't have the headwind from the outage at Spruance. And so we had sized that at $15 million. So you're able to get that volume back in the fourth quarter. And then the other 2 key drivers are the capacity additions that we have from the water asset that we spoke about earlier and then Kapton getting production off that cap online. So no underlying change in market of those 3 items.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean I think the expectations right now are for 86 million cars produced next year. That's off of 80 million this year, so still well below the high 90s where we used to be. So there's still some opportunity. We see continued strength and growth heading into 2024. Obviously, it will all depend on is the semiconductor chip shortage resolving itself. But even beyond that, I mean, the third quarter is expected to be up 22% and 7% sequentially. So it feels like things are getting a little bit better there as we resolve some of the supply chain issues.
Lori Koch: Yes, we actually saw sequential improvement in China, 2Q over 1Q, and that was on top of that extended lockdown. So we were pleased with the results there. To your specific question on the construction market, we don't really have a construction footprint in China. So it wouldn't impact our overall business. The majority of our construction is in the U.S. and in Japan within Asia.
Lori Koch: Yes. We expect to see improvement in China again into the third quarter. And so while we still year-over-year, probably see the flat, we see sequential improvement as you go from 2Q to 3Q.
Lori Koch: No. I mean Kapton is a piece of it. It's that the smartphone seasonality as well. So usually, we see very high smartphone sales as we head into the Christmas season within the E&I segment and overall electronics, in general, as they prepare for the holidays.
