Ellen Kullman: Great. Thank you, Karen. DuPont turned in a strong third quarter with underlying earnings of $0.69 per share. Double-digit sales increases in all segments and regions and our relentless focus on execution contributed to these outstanding results. Our Agriculture and Nutrition & Health segments, which represent nearly 1/3 of DuPont annual sales, benefited from strong secular demands related to food and production agriculture. Latin American volume was up 17%, with a strong start to their planting season and demand for our high-performing products and services. Auto builds were up 5% in the quarter, but we saw an interesting dynamic with respect to the 2 businesses that primarily serve that market. Performance Coatings grew volume 4% on part due to higher OEM build rate, while at the same time, Performance Polymers had a volume decline with automotive supply chain destocking to ensure lean inventories at year end. Industrial markets were mixed with certain businesses very strong and others experiencing a pause as customers wait for a clearer view of the economy to emerge. Against this backdrop, we executed very well, capitalizing on certain growth markets, our strength and innovation and aggressive productivity. These were major contributors to the quarter. We continued to strengthen our position versus secular themes in agriculture, nutrition, alternative energy, safety and protection. We've expanded our footprint in the developing markets, which represents about 1/3 of the company's sales year-to-date. We remain focused on customers in all our markets, delivering high-value products and services, now all the while, understanding downstream demand signals and planning accordingly. We remain focused on productivity and are well ahead of our 2011 goals of $300 million in benefit in each of fixed cost and working capital productivity. [Audio Gap]
Ellen Kullman: P.J., I'd tell you we ask ourselves that question all the time. I think one of the biggest changes that we've made since 2008 is to really get downstream and understand, not just what our distributors or converters are telling us, but what the real demand is, and let me use like photovoltaics as an example. The biggest difference that occurred in the last 3 months is our understanding of the inventory in that channel, and that's why we are saying that the fourth quarter's going to be slower than we were thinking a quarter ago and that a recovery will occur in the 2012. So -- but everybody is cautious. There's a lot of lack of confidence going on out there. And I mean we see that, the other example I'd give you is in automotive where builds were up. We saw positive volume in OEM paint and saw negative volume or destocking in polymers, and it's -- we're building the same amount of cars and penetration rates are very similar. So the difference is the confidence factor there. So I think I'd go back to the biggest difference is our ability to get the information, our ability to use that and convert it into action and take it to the bottom line from a productivity standpoint and keeping focused on those programs. But I'll tell you, this is something that our leadership team is dealing with and focused on day in day out because we want to make sure that we're there for our customers who have volume needs and that we're taking the appropriate actions if volume is a little light. So it's a daily focus.
Ellen Kullman: Oh, yes, certainly. If you take a look at it, the volume for the materials and photovoltaics is starting to shift from Europe into Asia as the builds are going on and more prominently in Asia, and we see that in our regional buildout. All -- as we take a look at the market and the market forecast, we put in all of the kind of impact on subsidies. Now if you take a look at it, when these subsidies come down, a lot of times the economics are matching with the reduction in price on the modules, and so then the economics of the installation is not really changed. And so all of these things we've taken into account. But I think the biggest difference is that it is not that the installs are slowing down. The builds are slowing down because of the inventory that's been built up in the channel, and so we as we dissect that -- and we spend a lot of time on that in the last 3 months -- we're pretty confident in that 15% to 20% growth rate long term. Just to give you a look on the year, we're pretty confident that the data on installs of 18.8 gigawatts is right. What we did not have as clear a view on in July as we do today is the amount of inventory, the number of gigawatts in inventory. Back in July, it was looking more like 4 to 5. Now I've seen ranges as high as 9 in inventory, and that's why we think that the -- it will impact the production schedules there.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think that this is the market that's really well understood from a classic commodity capacity, demand capacity situation. It's clear that import costs are rising, but at the same time, price is normally dictated by availability and capacity utilization of the assets. In the last couple of years, I guess since 2008, there's been 5% capacity taken out of the high-end pigment market. So we're dealing with less capacity today for the high-end product than we did 3 years ago. You always have to balance those things, but the one thing that's clear is that we know that it's a commodity, and it will come and go and it has over the years, and the most important part for us is to continue to focus on the long-term fundamentals, continue to focus on our advantage manufacturing process technology and continue to work with customers. Advance notice is a really important thing in that industry, so they can help deal with it as well. But as you know, personally, in the '90s, I sat on both sides of a TiO2 cycle, so I understand it from that perspective. We've always taken a long-term look on this business, and we'll continue to do that.
Ellen Kullman: We'll see as it plays out. We think that the fundamentals are still there and that the market will basically dictate that depending on what happens as we come through this season next year, which will peak in the second quarter.
Ellen Kullman: First and foremost, I go to our new products and our innovation. Outside of metals passthrough and Solamet paste and the industrial chemicals businesses, which tend to have more passthrough or cyclical nature to them, all of our other businesses are priced to value for the customer. And we continue to focus on research and development and innovation because the new products we bring out have to have more functionality, have to have more value. We see it in the ag business with our white vary [ph] soybean and the AcreMax, we see it in Nutrition & Health, and so I think that's the important part of it, is certainly the economics do have an impact on it, but I think that we continue to focus on the positive innovation that our customers really rely on us for. It's going to be the largest dictate as to what the future pricing can be.
Ellen Kullman: I think you can talk market to market, but I think I go back to my previous answer, which said that it depends on the innovation. And if we continue to innovate, I think we'll be successful there.
Ellen Kullman: Sure, Jeff. I'll take that one. It's Ellen. So we're right in the midst of working out in the fields on 2011 harvest. I was out there a couple of weeks ago, and I guess the words I would use or I'm hearing from our teams is it's consistent, it's stable and it's high yielding. So there are really no surprises. I think it looks good for supporting a very good 2012. I continue to be very impressed with the work that the teams are doing on the Right Product, Right Acre strategy. I don't think we've ever been stronger. I mean, I think we continue to build and really focus on that farmer productivity and profitability, and so I think that the new additions we have with the lineup this year, I think are going to really create additional momentum for us. It is a competitive field. We know that, and we have to work hard every day out with our customers to earn our place. But we have a top team. We have that intimate channel, and I'm really excited about that prospect.
Ellen Kullman: So I mean, I think we're seeing a really strong start to the season in corn in places like Brazil and in Argentina, Latin America hectares. Well, I mean, I think that Brazil is up low-double digits. Argentina is up high-single digits from that standpoint. Soy, Brazil, again, just tremendous with the progress that we're making down there. So I mean, I think we see it pretty broad, and we really see the fact that our teams down there are really focused on the new products and Right Acre, Right Product and moving that strategy much more fully to penetrate the marketplace down there. So I think we're pretty happy with the fundamentals. We're pretty happy, well, with Latin America in total. I think it goes beyond Ag and Crop Protection. I think it's broad based. They're Making a real penetration down there with Rynaxypyr, and so overall, I just think that's a market -- the focus that we've given it over the last few years is really paying off.
Ellen Kullman: So yes, I think the interesting thing is that farmers want performance no matter where they are in the world, and protecting yield in this environment is the goal. And Rynaxypyr has just -- I don't know how many years it's been out. Five years now? But 4 years now, and we're going to, as Karen said, cover 400 -- about close to $75 million in revenue. That's just a tremendous indication of the value of the product, its efficacy, its low toxicity. It's really very friendly to humans, which is important, and I think the growth this year has been close to 40% on that product alone. So I think we're just really seeing a real tremendous acknowledgment of just importance of these new, low impact insecticides. So on cellulosic ethanol, we are operating the pilot unit. We have talked about our Nevada, Iowa area where we're looking at putting in the full production facility. We'll have a lot more information for you on that area in the December Investor Day. So look forward to -- I got to have some reason for you guys to show up at Wilmington. So I look forward to seeing you there.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, so I think it's both R&D and sales and marketing. We have production facilities down there. I visited them over a year ago, and where the focus has been is very broad based on research and development locally, as well as sales and marketing coverage, very similar to what we did in the United States a few years ago as we increased our coverage there. So it is -- basically, it's a global program. We're just seeing the results of it in Latin America as their seasons come forward.
Ellen Kullman: Yes, I think you have to take a look at it -- any one quarter, you're going to see some ins and outs, but I think you have to take a look on it overall. This is reflecting the Latin American mix and price and the value-added products we have there. I think if you think about overall in 2011, the Seed business we've been talking about mid-single-digit price increases, the increased value there for the entire year going into it and CPP is trending up. It's positive and I think that has the added attitude of the Seed side of it for the quarter itself. But I think that we're seeing the value of the products, the value and the focus on the customer really coming through.
Ellen Kullman: So one of the things I think that's been limiting DPC this year has been the raw material increases. I mean, energy and freight, I've just seen a lot of increases on their raw on the whole board, and I think that's been a drag on them as they really gone out. And I think they've done a tremendous job with new products and with customers getting improvements. So I think being stable for them in this environment is a very positive thing. So productivity, they continue to focus on it. Fixed costs as a percent of sales is down 110 basis points in the third quarter of '11 versus third quarter of '10. I still maintain and talk into the team there that we can get to a PTOI margin target of 10% next year, and we continue to drive hard on that. And we'll see where it ends up. We just -- John McCool's been there just a year now with the new team. I think they're making great progress, and we'll see where they end up.
Ellen Kullman: Great, thank you. So just to recap what you've heard from Nick and me this morning, DuPont's financial health and growth potential are both excellent. We have a strong balance sheet, cash position, cash flow from operations and excellent liquidity. We're paying our shareholders a dividend yield of 4% and are proud of the 429 quarters of uninterrupted dividends. With respect to growth, we have an ever expanding profiled in Ag and Nutrition & Health, well positioned in Safety & Protection, Electronics & Communications and have innovative solutions that reduce demand on fossil fuel. We are geographically diverse with an R&D pipeline that is strong and productive across all segments, and we remain focused on productivity and are well prepared to work through short-term challenges and be well positioned in our markets as they begin to improve. So I look forward to sharing our 2012 expectations at our Investor Day here in Wilmington on December 12 and 13, and I want to thank you again for joining our call today.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Don, let me answer that this way. I'll reiterate a little bit of what Ellen just said. When you look at our pricing and how we determine our pricing with our customer base, it's really driven by the value we're bringing to our customers, and that value is coming through the innovation. So it's not fully really connected to the raw material side in many of our businesses. On some, as Ellen pointed out, there is that connection, but in most, it's independent of that raw side. But specifically to the raw material question, you're asking, Don, you've seen the increase year-over-year by quarter continue to go up as the year has unfolded. We had like 8% in the first quarter. We went up to 13% this quarter. It's 17% year-over-year, and I'm expecting the next quarter to be about a 14% increase year-over-year. It's going to give us about that 13 percentage point increase for the full year basis. As far as next year goes, Don, I'm going to be talking a lot more detail around that at our December Investor Day, and we'll be sharing with you what our current thinking is around raw materials as the 2012 unfolds. But keep in mind, as 2012 unfolds, we'll continue to be bringing that innovation to the market and bringing the value to our customers that will really be the determinant around our pricing and allow us to maintain that spread that we've, as you pointed out, been able to continue now for several, several quarters.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well, when I think about the working capital and the improvements we're making there, I actually look at it on a full year basis because you do have seasonality involved with many of the DuPont, much of the DuPont portfolio. So for instance, in the fourth quarter ag, you're going to see tremendous reduction in receivables in that time period. So you got to look at it, I think, Jeff, on a full year basis versus any one quarter. And on a full year basis, when you look at the working capital increase that we're going to have versus the sales increase that we're having in the same period, you're looking at something in the low 20s type of a sales percentage increase. When you look at that and the working capital that we're talking about, you're going to see productivity, as I mentioned, 11% type productivity, which is well on the path of realizing the $300 million working capital productivity that we had projected. Couple that with the fact that we now have Danisco in those numbers that you're seeing, I think it bodes well for the work we've done and continue to do around working capital productivity gains.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: The only thing I'd add, Ellen, is I think you characterized it right on when you look at what's going on in the auto rebound, the end of the auto destocking in North America, we see that bouncing. But the other thing that you have to keep in mind for the third quarter for Performance Materials is that there were some onetime items in the third quarter of last year that represent about 200 basis points of the drop in margin that you're seeing year-over-year in the third quarter. So you got to dial that into account as well, Brian.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: So let me answer that one, and when mean you look at the -- what we're doing on the guidance now, we raised the low end by $0.07 per share. We raised the midpoint by $0.04 per share. I think the increases that you're seeing us doing really represent the strong underlying performance that we are experiencing in our businesses, and it's very much in line with our expectations that we had in place. Keep in mind a couple of other things, Brian. When you look at the $0.13 earnings per share that we were above the street's expectation, and you dial in the $0.05 on the Ag side that we're talking about from quarter 4 that showed up in quarter 3. Along with my comments around currency, we were anticipating in our numbers, and we had given you guidance of a $0.04 benefit on currency in the fourth quarter. Those 2 together give you $0.09, which is that $0.04 we're talking about in our midpoint increase. You can calculate it looking at the street's expectation of $0.52 for the quarter and do a similar type calculation, and you get very much in line with where we are today around our range. So I think no matter how you look at it, it strongly supports the increase in guidance that we've given for the full year now.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, John, it has been a tough year in that regard. There's no doubt about it. And as you well know, the contributions to pension is driven by the PPA side versus GAAP on the accounting piece of it. When we look at the PPA requirements there around our pension, there's a couple of factors that come into play. Obviously, the discount rate is an important factor and can sway the numbers considerably. And to be honest with you, we are now locked in on our discount rate. We had that locked in, in the September election. And the other factor is the return on the assets, and I've seen the return on assets swing several hundred basis points in a period of 2, 3 months, so it's difficult to pin down exactly what the cash contribution might be for the pension in 2012. But I guess I would say, if I was to look at things exactly the way they are today, John, and assume that nothing changes from a market perspective between now and year end, you're probably looking at something in the range of several hundred million versus anything like $1 billion. So just to give you a sense of where it is. And everything I'm talking about is really the principal U.S. Pension Plan when I deliver those comments to you.
