Leland Weaver: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for DuPont's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. We are making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. These slides are posted on the Investor Relations section of DuPont’s website and through the link to our webcast. Joining me today on the call are Ed Breen, Chief Executive Officer; and Lori Koch, our Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the slide. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risk and uncertainty, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our 2019 Form 10-K as updated by our current and periodic reports includes detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures; a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in our press release. I'll now turn the call over to Ed.
Leland Weaver: Thanks, Ed. Before we move to the Q&A portion of our call, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. We will allow for one question per person. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Leland Weaver: Thank you everyone for joining our call. For your reference the copy of the transcript will be posted on DuPont's website. This concludes our call.
Ed Breen: Thanks, Lori. Slide 10 shows the progress we have made since announcing the N&B and IFF transaction last year. I remain very excited to bring these two businesses together to create a global leader. Since the announcement of the transaction in mid-December, teams have been hard at work. As I told you in January, the executive steering team and leaders for key work streams including separation and integration, our financials, IT separation and stand up, legal entity work and talent selection are in place, and things are progressing as planned.  In fact, as of March, we have received antitrust clearance here in the U.S. and our draft EU filing was submitted on April 20th. And we are now working with the European Commission to formally notify the transaction and opinion by trust clearance. We will file our initial registration statement with the SEC in the coming days. Also, the new leadership team will be announced later this month and IFF intends to hold a shareholder vote in September.  In summary, the teams are energized and all the critical milestones remain on track for a Q1 2021 closing. Let me wrap up a few comments on what we saw in April, as well as our expectations for the second quarter. We are seeing robust demand continuing within several key end markets such as water filtration, food & beverage, probiotics, electronics and protective garments. There’s some increased demand in these markets as a result of pandemic, but these businesses are market leaders in their space, and there is undoubtedly underlying growth driving these results as well. However, as we have highlighted, these areas of strength are expected to be more than offset by the well-known softness in automotive, aerospace, oil and gas, and other industrial markets. In April, our sales were down low to mid-teens percent versus last year. Earlier I mentioned the actions we’re taking to run our T&I business for cash through this period of significant demand weakness. These actions will result in near-term earnings headwinds as fixed costs otherwise would have run through inventory, will flow directly to earnings. Likewise, actions to pull back up production will lead to lower utilization in several industrial businesses within S&C segment. All in, we expect our second quarter decremental margins to be in a range of 45% to 55% on lower volume, nylon pricing pressure, lower utilization, and costs associated with idling facilities. Excluding our decision idle facilities our decremental margins would be in a range of 35% to 40%.  While it is still impossible to predict timing, our markets will eventually stabilize and return to growth, and we will be well positioned for the recovery. In the interim, we will continue to prioritize the safety and health of our employees, safely maintain our operations, strengthen our balance sheet, and partner with other industry leaders to combat this pandemic. I'll now turn it over to Leland to open up for Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. And obviously, we spent a lot of time on this topic. So, as you know, we upped our structural cost savings in the last month or so from $90 million to $180 million. In addition to that, remember that we have another $165 million that is a structural change to the cost of the business. That's coming out from the DowDuPont merger and putting those businesses together. So in total, we have about 330 million give or take coming out of the system permanently.  On top of that, we have about another $80 million to $100 million of what I would call opportunities that are T&E reduction, external contractor spend at our facilities. And we've eliminated the merit increases, we’ve freezed hiring. So things that were in our plans, there's about another give or take $80 million to $100 million that won't get spent that was baked into the plan. So, when you kind of sit back and look at it, we have benchmarked every function in the company, every business in the company and we are getting the G&A expenditures to best-in-class benchmarking with the best companies out there. Remember that four years ago, when I arrived, we took about $1 billion of structural costs out of DuPont and during the DowDuPont merger we took another $1 billion of structural costs out of the business on top of what we're now presently doing. So, I think if you look at it, we're going to benchmark very, very well through this. And again, I wanted to really attack the structural flaws, so that they're permanent in the business.  Another point, though, that I would make, we did not touch the growth programs in the company. We left all of our sales organizations totally intact and we left all of our R&D spend, which is 4% of sales $900 million totally intact. And by the way, I think we're running our R&D machine very, very well. We’ve benchmarked every single program, what's the return going to be on the program, are we spending what we said, is the timing the timing we said it would be? So we're going to come out of the downturn I think in a very strong position. We're still cranking out a lot of new products through this. So I think we’ve balanced this thing very well.
Ed Breen: And just add on to that, just to make it clear, this is a business in T&I that we are truly running for cash performance in this period of time. So, we purposely are hurting our earnings by $90 million to $100 million if we kept running the facilities as they do, for instance, in the semiconductor industry, our earnings would literally be $90 million to $100 million better. But we're going to draw down the supply chain here and generate $200 million to $250 million of cash performance in the company. So, we will be temporarily shutting down about 50% of our polymer capacity in the business and I think it's the right decision, a smart decision to do that. And we'll come out of it stronger and have a better uptick when things return a little bit more to normal.
Ed Breen: Yes. Thanks for the question, Steve. So on the PFOA front, as you know we had two trials of the case, the small amount of case is remaining. My personal opinion is there will be a settlement there. We'll get those cases in Ohio behind us. And I'm highly confident that will occur. As you know, Chemours, the judge ruled in our favor that this will go to arbitration. Chemours did appeal that to the court. But the law is so heavily on our side on this issue that arbitration will occur here.  As I said before, I like the arbitration process just because it's a quicker process than going through the court system. So, we feel very, very good about that. But again, my opinion is, there probably will be a settlement with Chemours that will carve here at some point in time. We'll renegotiate the agreement we have between the companies. There are some very key guideposts in any agreement that we would come up with that are important to us. It will not be -- we will not do an uncapped deal. And it would be a deal that would play out over multiple, multiple years, because I don't see any liabilities on PFOA that are significant at any point in time. But there will be liabilities that will play out over multiple years as we do remediation of piece of certain sites and all that. And then one other point I would just make, remember that I think a lot of the hoopla around PFOA with us, and I certainly acknowledge this, that it's a little bit of a cloud over us, is that we are being named in fair amount of the firefighting foam cases. But it's very important than I know, Steve, you've written extensively about this. We never made firefighting foam. We had one surfactant that was used for 10 years out of a 70 year period. So I think we're a very, very minor player if at all in firefighting foam, and I think the biggest issue for DuPont is to get out of those cases and be able to wrap that up, I think is the biggest thing, because the rest of the PFOA is very limited for manufacturing sites where we used it in the process in the manufacturing. So, again, that will play out over the next year or so. But on the other two items, the Ohio one, the Chemours one, I think you'll see some action there in the coming months.
Ed Breen: Yes. I think also, you mentioned the E&I business. I could see the semi business obviously downturn a little bit going maybe into the third quarter. It's been running very robust in the first quarter. It is running robust in the second quarter but all indicators are that, that will turn down a little bit. So I could see that happening. But as Lori just said, I think mid-teens down revenue is probably the bottom, but what we're seeing based on what we know, as of today.
Ed Breen: Yes. So high level, David -- thank you for the question. So last year, we spent $1.5 billion on CapEx and we planned on spending $1.3 billion this year. And remember, we're higher than our D&A, because we had three or four key growth projects, all hitting at the same time that we feel really good about. So that's the reason for the $1.5 billion last year and even higher this year, or high for us $1.3 billion this year. We have reduced that to $1 billion. So $1.5 billion last year, down to $1 billion this year. By the way everything that we've delayed is simply a delay, we're not canceling it because we want to turn these back up when appropriate. But the two of the bigger ones that we cut back on was Tyvek line 8, which is our biggest CapEx program by far, it's over $400 million. And we spent a fair amount on that last year. That will come online in a couple of years. That is a big, big project for us. And the demand on Tyvek, even at [Storm] because of medical supplies and all that, is very important to us.  So anyway, that was one. We cut back on our cap-on expansion just temporarily. That was another one and some of our maintenance CapEx we slowed down just a little bit also. So that's what gets us down to the $1 billion. One thing we did not touch at all and I certainly would never do this is any of our safety programs that we're spending CapEx on in our facilities. We've maintained at 100% of the spend level. And then another area I would say is the other big one -- besides slowing down a couple of the growth projects was some of our ERP software programs, we also slowed those down. They're nice to have from an efficiency standpoint, but we’re six months later on, and it's not the end of the world. So that's kind of the big buckets on what we did. And as we see things pick up obviously, we'll go right back to spending against those growth programs.
Ed Breen: Yes, I certainly haven't thought about it in a week yet. So we did about $230 million of buyback in the first quarter of 6.1 million shares and I guess the way stocks come back we bought them back at a pretty nice price. So I obviously feel good about that. And as we said, we suspended it, we have not cancelled it. If things are picking up through the second half of the year, we'll certainly look at the share buyback again. As I’ve said a few minutes ago, the balance sheet is in great shape. We're going to get the cash from the IFF/N&B transaction. So, we know that's coming at the beginning of next year. So we'll be in a strong position to reassess that with the Board. So it's really just to spend for the time being, make sure things don't get worse here. And as Lori said, I think hopefully the second quarter is the low quarter, maybe for us obviously into the third quarter, but pick up from there and then we have that money coming from the deal.  Probably I'd also just mention on the N&B and IFF front. As we said in our prepared remarks, we are in great shape on -- I talk to Andreas the CEO of IFF every single week. The teams are right on track with everything we need to do. We did get U.S. antitrust approval. We're in the process with the EU now and as you know, on this deal, there really is no antitrust issues. So all the teams are right on schedule, which is pretty amazing considering there’s a lot of work-at-home policy going on right now at both of the companies. So we will definitely progress on the schedule. We're on for February 1 close. And we're going to have the shareholder vote in September. And I feel great right about that and we also have a shareholder that owns give or take 23%, 24% of the shares voting in favor of the deal. So, just in great shape.
Ed Breen: Yes. So, remember what we really -- we still did move a key part of the T&I business over to Dow which really fit more with them with exactly what they did. So, we kept the part and again it's 60% of T&I is auto, where DuPont is a big player obviously in the auto end market, not just in the T&I business. So strategically, I think the fit with us was better there. But remember the other 40% of the T&I business is other really great end markets. As Lori mentioned, one of them being medical, which has held up obviously very, very well through this period of time.  So, look, I'll just say overall, I like where DuPont portfolio is. Having said that, we always have optionality in the portfolio. I think we're aware of every possible scenario out there. And if something down the road looks like it'll create significant value for us i.e. the N&B/IFF, we certainly will look. We're not led to things being exactly the way they are. Our key is to create shareholder value over the long-term. Having said that, in the environment we're in right now, Lori and I and the team are very focused on the operations of business, generating cash. And we're really spending our time on that at this point in time. I would highlight just on the deal front. It's interesting to note, and I'm not surprised by this at all, that the value of the N&B deal is almost exactly where we announced the deal -- when we announced that the value of N&B was $26.2 billion. I didn't actually rack and stack it in the last day, but it's somewhere in the $25.5 billion range where the stock price is trading at. So and again, not surprised by that because the N&B business as you could see, in the first quarter, had a tremendous quarter. We had 3% organic growth in the business. So those types of businesses are going to hold up extremely well in any environment, economically, and I think therefore, afford a nice multiple in that sector, which I think it deserves. So when you really then look at -- and then most of you -- all of you have written about this, when you're looking at rename called DuPont and what it trades out on a multiple basis. It's pretty incredible. The disconnect that sits there. So I think therein lies a big opportunity for our shareholders over the next year. 
Lori Koch: Thanks, Scott. So, as we mentioned on the call, April was down kind of low to mid-teens. It was a similar result that we saw in Q1 kind of carry into April. So we saw continued strength in E&I, continued strength in N&B. The strength in E&I is primarily coming again from semiconductors as we see increased usage in the data and server space. T&I and S&C were down more than what they were down in Q1, in line with what you would expect with what's going on in automotive. Automotive right now, we expect it to be down about 45% in Q2, versus down 25% in Q1. And S&C continued strength in Tyvek within the garment space, as the garments alone, which are about a third, historically at Tyvek they've kind of come up now to almost half of Tyvek. We're up about 65% in the quarter. So really nice shrink there. And we've announced some capacity expansion to enable that to continue to grow into Q2. But the headwinds that we're seeing in aerospace and oil and gas are more than offsetting that as well as construction with all the stay-at-home orders. So net-net, April down. As we’d mentioned about low to mid-teens with very similar end market results that we saw in Q1.
Lori Koch: So I think, so underneath the 12% down, 8% volume that we've recorded in T&I. So there was strength that we saw in the Healthcare segment that offset some of the weakness that we saw in Mobility Solutions. So mobility would have been down more than the results that we reported for the quarter.  Having said that, we continue to expect to see our performance outpacing auto builds just driven by the content per vehicle, so we've given a number in the past of about 1.5 times that we would look to exceed auto build just driven by the material content that we have as we see branch towards light-weighting as well as electric vehicle. So that's kind of what led to our results to outpace. There is a little bit of a time lag between when you see auto builds decline and when you see back to chain where we primarily sell into with our polymers. So we did see a little bit of acceleration in Q1 as people were loading their supply chains in advance of the downturn. So I think our results in 2Q will more mirror what you're seeing from an end market perspective.
Lori Koch: Yes, I think, our next area of focus is obviously around a lot of COGS over the last few years. So we're looking and shifting the focus towards COGS. So there are definitely areas of opportunities in COGS, we will spend about $13 billion, $14 billion there. There's opportunities to increase our reliability, increase our uptime, increase our yield. So that's definitely an excellent area of focus for us that will help us to continue to expand margins.
Lori Koch: Yes. So I think, to your question on the second quarter, so we do at this point or we see the second quarter as the lowest through the year. So, as I mentioned the sales in April were down low to mid-teens. We have a hard time seeing total Q2 sales being worse than down mid-teens. So as we see it now, Q2 should be a low point. 
Lori Koch: Yes, if I can just quickly comment on the Tyvek line 8 that we had to pause due to some regulations in Luxembourg where the construction is taking place. We did mention in our prepared remarks, so just to reiterate, that we were able to put in place an incremental capacity expansion to be able to meet the current Tyvek demand. So we not only added, in the first quarter alone we usually had about 15 million garments, we went up to 25 million garments and that was through a combination of incremental capacity, now in our current asset as well as pulling products for non-healthcare markets.  In the second quarter, we announced our TyvekTogether campaign, which will allow us to add another 5 million to 6 million garments. So we've got new capacity coming online even though we delayed the start up of the new line because of the regulations going on in Luxembourg.
Lori Koch: Yes, I think, the inventory discussion is best had within T&I and E&I as you had mentioned. The T&I, we talked a bit in the call, potentially, there was a little bit of pre-buy in Q1 into the polymer chain that caused our results to be a little bit better than where the auto builds were. One of the key initiatives that we look at in China is the vehicle alert index, it measures kind of inventory in the chain at the dealer level. And we did see some normalization as we got towards the end of 2019. And into January and then it spiked to a pretty high amount, I think in the 80s in February. And then came back down nicely in March. And so I think, right now as we see it, there's not a lot of excess inventory in the auto chain. Obviously, we're just having issues with demand with auto, with expectancy down 45% in Q2. On the E&I side, I would say there is some of the customers building their supplies to ensure that they have adequate safety stock that benefited Q1, probably benefiting a little bit of Q2, especially within the semi chain. So, those are kind of the landscape of inventories, probably about more, there were some spikes in Q1 in T&I, actually normal and probably a little bit elevated in E&I. 
Lori Koch: Yes, so the majority of our benefit from lower raws within the oil dynamic would be within T&I and S&C. So from a full year perspective, we do expect if oil price kind of stay where it is about a $200 million benefit in raws, primarily in those two segments. We're actually seeing some raw headwinds within N&B and some of it’s in based ingredients. So pricing in T&I in Q1 was down 4% that's primarily nylon. It was actually a little bit better than what we would have thought just given demand was a little bit lower. And we had a better mix of nylon sales. So the last quarter when we did earnings we talked about pricing headwind being from two components: one, actual nylon price decreases; and two, unfavorable nylon mix as we sell more of the opportunistic nylon. So, in Q1 we actually didn't sell as much opportunistic volume so that benefited the price a little bit.  Within S&C we continue to do really well at deriving value and pricing. We continue to see price lift within S&C in Q1, we expect that dynamic continue into Q2. Back to T&I real quick, so sequentially we do see nylon price declining, again into Q2. We see a similar kind of down mid-single-digit price overall in T&I in Q2 sequentially. I think the most headwinds will be mainly behind us as we get through Q2 and as we go to the back half of the year we should be about flat from a nylon price perspective. 
Lori Koch: So we had posted really strong margins in Q1 as we had mentioned, so 28.8%. I mean, a piece of that was a favorable mix that we're seeing, so Tyvek at the high end of our segment margins when you compare it across the different businesses in S&C. The highlights within S&C continue to be Tyvek and our water solutions business. So really nice growth, I think 6% organically 14% as reported with the benefits of the water acquisition that we made at the end of the quarter. The headwinds are obviously within Shelter which is in the low end of the margin for the business. So it would be below segment margins, as well as where we sell into oil and gas and aerospace. So the decremental margins in S&C for the quarter would be a little worse than what we've mentioned underlying for the company really primarily as some slowing down from production sites. So we had mentioned within T&I that we're actually taking idle mills is about $90 million to $100 million that are flowing directly into COGS in the quarter versus going through inventory. In S&C we're not taking production down to the point where we need to take idle mills, but therefore we are having a lower volume run across our plants causing higher unit rate, which are what are causing the decrementals to be a little bit worse than what we said for the total company. But continue to see longer term the ability to drive those 28%, 29% segment margin for S&C.
