Edward Breen: Yes. Jeff, I think very good points you're making. We're in no rush to do an M&A deal. Eventually, especially in this environment. I don't think any of us know where things are actually headed. So we're going to take a pause here, see how the next set of months play out.  We do have targets we've been interested in for quite a period of time, whether they're actionable or not is another kind of story. And they clearly would be in the pillars of the secular growth areas, the 5 areas that we've talked about. So we're not going to deviate off into anything else. But we're in the same mode, I think, as your opening comment, Jeff, let things settle down. We've made a lot of moves. We've pretty much finished our transformation except still for the sale of Delrin, which will happen in 2023.  And so no rush to do anything. But we do have the capacity to do some bolt-on-type M&A, and that's the way we're thinking about it, is more on the bolt-on size of the deal.
Edward Breen: Yes. Well, on the export control issue in China, there's really 3 restrictions on that. And by the way I would put it in a category of it's more because of advanced chip technology. So the -- for instance, one of them is logic chips at 14 nanometers or below is restricted, it's one of the key ones.  So for us, it's not that big. Most of the fabs in China are not the high-end advanced chips. So if you look at it on an annual basis, if we are restricted and cannot get a license to supply that, there would be about $60 million of revenue for us on an annual basis, so say about $15 million on a quarterly basis, which we took that $15 million into account in our fourth quarter guide that we gave.  Overall, on the semi side, we look at the inventory index, for instance, like Gartner puts out and it's, give or take, 1.1 right now. If you kind of go back to the last downturn of semi back in 2019, it peaked out at 1.31. So just to give you a little bit of a parameter on where that sits. So it's on the high end. We think there's 2 or 3 quarters of correction there that we'll see. But the downturn in 2019 was like 6% to 7% year-over-year downturn. So just to give you some perspective. But at this point in time, it's not at the peak of where it was in the '19 time frame.
Edward Breen: No, Scott, it did not. Maybe we misstated it. We did cover all the costs. So our cost inflation, I think last quarter we reported we thought it was around $700 million. It's now $800 million for the year, and that's all based on mostly energy increase in Europe, as you're all aware of, on natural gas.  And by the way, just to give you kind of more color to that, we are obviously seeing commodities start to come off their peak. We thought we would start to maybe start seeing some benefit and hopefully we do in 2023. But then energy spike, so the energy just about to offset what we've been seeing the benefit on the commodity. So hopefully, now as we progress over the next months, we start to see some spread there, that would be helpful.  But no, we did implement more price increase. We covered the whole $800 million that we're going to have for the year at this point in time. And just to remind you, every price increase we did, we put it into the product cost. We did not do it as surcharges that would fluctuate off an index. So customers would have to negotiate with us when there's any price changes.
Edward Breen: Yes. Just to give you a perspective, we thought in the second half of the year, ICS would be up mid-single digits. Now it's down mid-single digits. So I think we've taken all that into account.  And by the way, just to remind you, it's hard to remember this, but we're already two quarters into the ICS, that whole PCB smartphone, laptop downturn. So they don't last forever, but we've already had 2 quarters of it.
Edward Breen: Steve, it's going to be interesting for all of us going into 2023 as we work our way through it how carry through and handles this price cost issue because the commodities are definitely coming down pretty uniformly. Not crazy, but they're down 20%, 25% in many cases. So if the natural gas thing settles out, I think we've peaked on all this inflation and then how do we handle price cost as we move forward with all the price that we got.
Edward Breen: No, it's very simple. We did not get regulatory approval in China. It had been a full year. That was our outside date. And we ended it, which was the contractual agreement. So really, there's nothing more to it.
Edward Breen: And we have already, as a management team, laid out what those. So we'll do the stranded costs, as Lori said, but we've already laid out the detailed actions we do for some additional restructuring if we felt it was needed. And then I'll go back to the point I made a minute ago, there's a big lever in price cost that we're going to have to figure how that plays out through 2023.
Edward Breen: Let me say it this way, just by the way it's played out, some of the things we're interested in happened to be in Water and happened to be in the industrial technology space. So I guess if it stays their kind of targeted for down the road when we want to do something, it's probably not an issue that we would have to deal with. And who knows on the electronics? I just don't know the answer to that. We don't know what we don't know.  But having said that, I mean, we loved Rogers coming in because it added some tools in the toolkit. But we have a very comprehensive portfolio in electronics. With the Laird in there, it's really been beneficial. Laird has been performing awesome. And they've gotten -- as we highlighted, I think last earnings, they've gotten some wins for DuPont technology with some Laird customers. And also, I don't feel bad about where we're at, at all in the electronics side.  Again, it would have been nice to have Rogers, but -- and we're not probably looking at an electronics deal anyway at this point in time. So not going to be an issue.
Edward Breen: Well, first of all, and we said this in our prepared comments, we'll do the $5 billion repurchase. And by the way, we can be in the market -- in the open market doing some of that if we feel it's appropriate during the year, depending on what the economy is looking like. So it's -- the ASR will take us 8, 9 months, but we can be over the top doing some additional purchase. So we'll just see how that plays out. But -- and have the opportunity to do another ASR right on the heels, if that's how we want to handle it. So we have our options open to us there.  But we also have a fair amount of firepower as we kind of go through 2023, if you do the math. And again, it would be for bolt-on potential acquisition, but we also have the opportunity to do more share repurchase if we want. So we don't need to make those decisions now, but we'll contemplate that as we go through 2023.
Edward Breen: Yes, we got a peak pretty deep into it at this point in time. I mean the PCB players in China really shut down. So I think they're correcting their inventory really quickly. I mean, they truly shut down. It's not like they cut back on production. So I think they can fix things pretty quickly. And so I don't want to put a date on kind of building out of it. But again, we are pretty far into it months wise at this point in time.
Edward Breen: Well, I think for all of us, it's hard to totally answer that question because we never had inflation like this in at least in my career and raised prices as much as all of us have. So our game plan clearly is to keep a spread there because I'm a strong believer we have big intellectual property, a lot of our products are needed, they're the best in the industry and they should have good EBITDA margins with them. And generally, we do have very good EBIT margins across the board. So the game will be to keep that spread there.  But when you've had this kind of inflation, I don't think you'll hold on to all of it, and I don't think any company holds on to all of it, by and large, but can you keep a spread will be the real game.
Edward Breen: A lot of it, by the way, comes down to how you will individually model a recession scenario next year, and therefore, how do you model commodity inflation or deflation coming, because that's going to have a big bearing on all our -- all the multi-industrial companies if you start seeing that benefit.  And then back to a question earlier, can you hold some of that, I think is really going to be an interesting question for all the multi-industrials. So how that plays out is very different than any other recession we've been through.
Edward Breen: And we did -- just as a correction, we did see positive volume growth in Shelter in Q3. We're assuming that moderates a little bit going forward as Lori noted, given inventory in the channel. But it really hasn't changed materially in the order book today.
Edward Breen: Well, we -- so it's interesting. We're moving as fast as we can on the share repurchase. We can only take out so much volume so quick, so we'll move as fast as we can there. And then as we said earlier, just to puncture again, we are in no rush to do anything from a bolt-on M&A standpoint. We want to see how the economy is going to play out. There might even be a better entry point 6 months, 8 months, a year down the road. So I wouldn't answer that we have -- whatever excess cash we have at this point in time, there's really nothing we're going to do with it presently and we'll just monitor the next few months on that.  And remember, we still have to sell Delrin, so we don't have the money for that yet, and that's probably more towards the back half of 2023 at this point in time.
Edward Breen: Yes. We think we can leverage it well with some of our other auto exposure, especially on the EV side. So we'll organize ourselves to advantage ourselves as we talk to that customer base that we have other products and opportunities to sell into. So it will advantage the adhesive business over time.  But by the way, we're feeling very good about our win rate there. And you can see by the organic growth, Lori, what was that? Yes, 25% growth is pretty spectacular in that business. And I don't see it slowing down just because of what Lori just described, the EV build rates coming over the next 5 years.
Edward Breen: Nothing really new to report, although we've been in pretty intense conversations. Just let you know; I am personally involved with my General Counsel. And we're really hoping we get to a resolution, but I don't want to put a time line on it.  But -- and just I think this is public knowledge. The judge has continued to encourage settlement talks with the plaintiffs here. And that's a good sign and potentially even using a mediator. And so we've made tremendous progress, but I don't want to put a time line on it. It's a continuing process. And you know very well, we want to get the water district cases settled, that's really the big focus for us.
Edward Breen: Yes. So look, we made a fundamental decision, we did it a couple of years ago. We were losing some EBITDA at the expense of lowering working capital, and we decided to make that decision to get more in line going into 2023 with where we want to be from an inventory standpoint.
Edward Breen: Well, the biggest -- look, the biggest area always for us and it's quicker cycle is the E&I business and more centered in electronics business. We have an 8% R&D spend there. It's very, very robust, and we're constantly introducing new products in that area, Steve. But one of the areas we're really focusing on -- remember, one of the strengths at DuPont is the application engineering expertise. We live with our customers and we do design and work with them. And we're really focused on leveraging, for instance, the Laird platform with the existing DuPont technology.  So one of the things I was alluding to, we've got a couple of auto customers where Laird was already into an electromagnetic shielding thermal management and they have now been pulling in some DuPont applications and products for wiring protection and all that. So there's a lot of focus there on how can we get the synergies from a revenue standpoint from those. So I'd say that's the biggest area.  But remember, R&D for us is the heart of the company and application engineering is the heart of the company. So it's across the board here. we're very big on intellectual property. When we look to do a bolt-on, I think I mentioned this in my remarks, intellectual property to us is very key. And the ability to have strong application engineering across the board in all our end verticals is very key for us.
Edward Breen: And to your point, by the way, one of the big things we work on with our technology is right to the heart of the question you asked, is reducing the energy consumption. So we're working on technologies around that, and that could be cutting-edge for us, give us a competitive advantage.
Lori Koch: Yes. So to your first question, I expect about $10.4 billion net after tax on all of the customary closing adjustments from the Milan transaction. So if you look to the end of the year with all the puts and takes, about -- we announced today on the capital allocation between the share repurchase authorization getting started with $3.25 billion and the fixed portion of the November 2023 is being paid down at $2.5 billion, that would put our year-end cash at roughly $4.8 billion, so a nice position to be in.  As far as the working capital headwind, so there's no working capital benefit to be had from a cash flow perspective. It was more just calling out the headwinds that were in our numbers prior to the separation of the M&M business. And so if you look at our cash used kind of prior to their separation, the largest portion of the working capital headwind was from the M&M business. So we were just highlighting our actual cash performance would have been better without them in the portfolio.  So in the quarter, we were 73% as reported for free cash flow conversion. We would have been more in the range of the greater than 90% that we target for the Remainco portfolio had we not had them in the results.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we did announce a deceleration in our expectations for the Interconnect Solutions in general. So it will be covered by what you're hearing in the headlines with respect to smartphone and consumer electronics and then, ultimately, the underlying PCB demand. So for the year, we now expect Interconnect Solutions to be down mid-single digits. So that would all be wrapped up in that number.
Lori Koch: Yes. So the dollar does get a little bit less in the fourth quarter because we start to lap some of the prior year increases. And so we're expecting about a 5% price increase in the fourth quarter versus the 8% that we posted in third quarter and then 7% in the second quarter.  As far as the margin headwind, it would be a little bit less, but our underlying guidance does suggest overall EBITDA margin improvement in the fourth quarter. So if you back into the fourth quarter from the full year guide that we gave, we'd be more in the low 24% range from an EBITDA margin perspective versus last year it's 23.2%. And I'd highlighted that sequential decline, expected decline in EBITDA margin is really from one seasonality.  So we tend to see some seasonality as our volumes are lowest in the fourth quarter. And also, we did elect to take down production to be able to better align our inventory levels. So we are seeing some stabilization in the supply chain that gives us confidence we can start to tweak down these inventory levels. And so there will be a unit cost headwind in the fourth quarter. So those two combined are the drivers of the sequential EBITDA margins' decline.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we're at $650 million year-to-date and another $150 million in 4Q to get to the $800 million for the full year.
Lori Koch: Yes, there should be some, especially in first quarter. So that's when we really started to ramp the price increases. And then we did see some inflation start to ramp in the first quarter. Our number hasn't materially changed. I believe, back in Q2, we thought the full year would be $500 million. So we did see some escalation in the 2Q time frame. But the numbers have been starting to normalize in the back half of the year. So the increases that we just saw recently have been more in the European natural gas side versus the underlying raw material side.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think as far as pulling leverage to make sure that we drive the best margin profile that we can, we did announce in the Q that we'll come out this afternoon a restructuring program. Initially, it's really just to get after the stranded cost from the M&M transaction now that it has closed. So we signaled about $50 million of stranded costs associated with the M&M transaction. So we'll get at those first to take those out to be able to drive further profitability.  And then we've got room underneath the restructuring that we announced to take further cost action as appropriate if we start to see further deceleration in the top line.
Lori Koch: Yes. It does feel like we have reached the bottom in the Interconnect space between the PCB application. So as Ed had mentioned, we're a good 2 quarters in, so it feels like we bottomed out. We're not ready to call kind of growth in the next quarter or anything, but we do feel like the deceleration has plateaued.
Lori Koch: Yes. I mean, I think, first, starting in the financials, I think you're right to take the fourth quarter, it tends to be usually our seasonally weakest quarter. And so to take it and run rate it could be difficult.  I wanted to highlight, too, just the natural EPS growth that we have from the actions that we've taken on the capital allocation side which will bolster us as we head into 2023. So between the share repurchase that we announced today at the $3.25 billion, the lower interest income that we called out of -- lower interest expense that we called out of $100 million and further interest income from the cash that we'll be holding in the balance sheet, we've got north of 15% EPS growth just from those actions alone. So nice to be -- positioned to be in as we head into 2023.  As Ed had mentioned, we'll aim to maintain favorability on the price/cost side as we start to continue to see the commodity prices decline. And I did highlight that we have initiated a cost restructuring program should we need it beyond the stranded costs that we've highlighted to take out.  So from that perspective and from maintaining a good margin profile, I feel like we're protected as we head into next year. And from an end market perspective, we've highlighted that we probably feel like we're already 2 quarters into the consumer electronics downturn and the semi piece that I had highlighted, the inventory index that we pay attention to. And so while it is elevated versus where it was during the pandemic, it's not as elevated as it was back in the 2019 time frame when we saw semi volumes down in the mid-single-digit range.  From the industrial side of the portfolio, so the remaining piece of electronics and then the broadness of W&P beside the shelter piece, those pieces, they're pretty stable. So Water, we've got a really nice backlog, at least 6 months of backlog in the Water business. A nice performance on the defense side, especially on the aero piece within the safety portfolio as we see those markets continue to recover.  The one piece besides consumer electronics and semi that we're paying close attention to is obviously the Shelter business. The North America residential side, which is about 40% of the business, we'll pay close attention to, obviously, with the news out there on the potential headwinds in that space, but we're not seeing anything material at this point, so...
Lori Koch: So we've never given a rule of thumb the drop-down from the top line headwind. So in the fourth quarter, we expect about a 6% year-over-year headwind from a currency perspective. The drop through down into EBIT is not materially different than the overall EBITDA margin that we have for the total company. So you could use that to kind of model where we think the roughly $200 million year-over-year headwind in currency translates to EBITDA.
Lori Koch: Yes. I would say longer term, there's no material change in the profile of high single-digit CapEx going in and driving high single-digit increases in production. Some of the numbers, as we head into 2023 from a market research expectations, do see a decline in MSI. So the initial numbers right now are around a 5% decline in MSI, but we would still expect that same outperformance of 200 to 300 basis points. And so if MSI is down 5% next year, we would expect to be down 200 to 300 basis points ahead of that.
Lori Koch: Yes. I think it's a little too early to call what 2023 EBITDA looks like. So we highlighted the actions that we're taking to drive EPS improvement from the share repurchase and from overall improved performance in interest expense and interest income. But we haven't really indicated anything yet about what the EBITDA profile would look like beyond the actions that we're taking on the cost side to take out the stranded costs and then we've got the ability to do more there should we see further need to.
Lori Koch: Yes, I wouldn't say there's anything material at this point. There are elevated inventory levels at some of the big box retailers, but we haven't seen any material destocking yet at this point. So we did see positive volume growth in Shelter in Q4. And I'll just remind you of the distribution of the Shelter business, roughly $1.8 billion of sales, about 40% of it is commercial, which seems -- which remains to be very strong for us. So that's selling into health care and education and other types of commercial applications. 40% residential and then 20% kind of the do-it-yourself market.
Lori Koch: Yes, we do see continued strength in water. So in the quarter -- third quarter, volumes were up low double digits and we see kind of mid-single-digit growth in Q4. And as I had mentioned, we've got a really nice backlog there. So should there be any moderation in demand, we've got over 6 months of the backlog that we can work down to be able to bolster the overall volume profile for the Water business.
Lori Koch: Yes. So we are seeing really nice growth in the Auto Adhesives, primarily driven by the conversion and the opportunity that we have on the battery side. And so we saw the 25% organic growth in the third quarter, and we expect further growth as we move forward. The distribution between ICE and EV from a 2022 builds perspective is really pretty disparate. So the overall expectation for ICE vehicles is actually, I think, to be slightly down. And for EV, EV-related materials is to be up well into the double digits. And so that dynamic is what is playing into our growth portfolio as we move forward.  As far as finding the permanent home for the Adhesives business, it will not stay in corporate. So here in short order, we'll figure out where those businesses need to be aligned. We wanted to make the decision after we had got through the Rogers decision. And now that we know that path forward, we can figure out where these businesses reside permanently going forward.
Lori Koch: Yes. So as you had noted, we had really strong performance in North America and Asia Pacific. As we look into the fourth quarter, our overall volume expectation in the guidance that we had provided was to be about flat. So that's versus about the 3% that we saw in Q3, where the top of the house North America had mid-single-digit volume and Asia Pacific had kind of low single-digit volumes.  So as we head into 4Q, we don't see a material change in the Asia Pacific volumes or Europe, we do see a little bit of a deceleration in the North America volumes, so more in the low single-digit range. And so overall, racking up to about flat year-over-year. On top of that, there was the price piece that would provide us with a nice organic number. And so we will continue to see, as I had mentioned earlier in the call about 5% price increase.
Lori Koch: Yes. It's generally across all the lines of business just as we get more comfortable with the supply chain environment. So we feel like things have normalized there so that we can be a little bit more aggressive on the inventory front. And so it's across all the lines of business that we'll be reducing production rates.
Lori Koch: We do. Yes. We've got a really nice portfolio that we're growing in the lithium battery space that we've mentioned for the Water business. So there's about 30% of water is in the specialty, so kind of outside the Industrial applications. And that's where all of those high-growth opportunities sit. Also obviously, we're well aligned with the UN sustainability goals, and that sits front and center with the Water business as well.
