Ellen J. Kullman: Great. Thank you, Karen, and good morning, everyone. DuPont executed well in the quarter and delivered strong results despite macroeconomic headwinds. We continued our momentum with particularly robust volume growth in agriculture, food and enzyme markets. Company sales were up 7% despite a 3% currency headwind. Excluding currency, sales were up in all regions. Sales to developing markets grew 11% versus a very strong comp. While volumes were down in Europe and Asia, we continue to see sequential improvement on a seasonally adjusted basis. Volumes were up 5% and 3% in China and India, respectively, versus the second quarter of 2011, which is another measure of good momentum in the regions. Underlying earnings grew 8% to $1.48 per share. On a segment level, pretax operating income was up 13% excluding Pharmaceuticals. I'd like to highlight some of the important milestones from the quarter. First, we passed the one-year anniversary of the Danisco acquisition in May. The contributions and benefits from the acquisition have exceeded our expectation. We added 2 very attractive businesses to our portfolio and identified significant opportunities for cost and revenue synergies. This newly created reporting segments of Nutrition & Health and Industrial Biosciences delivered strong performance this quarter and are expected to combine for over $4.5 billion in sales this year with a pretax operating margin in the 10% to 14% range. We will deliver $130 million of cost synergies by year end and expect additional productivity and margin expansion in 2013 and beyond. Another important milestone in the quarter was the conclusion of the northern hemisphere planting season. For the first half, Ag segment results were up 15% and pretax operating income up 16% driven by new products, strong relationships with our growers and an ever-expanding global footprint. In addition to a strong foundation in North America, we have built solid businesses in Eastern Europe, Latin America and China, which offer additional attractive growth. Earlier this quarter, we announced government approval of the acquisition of Pannar Seed company, a leader in Africa, as yet another example of our global build-out. Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't highlight innovation milestones. We're tracking well versus our target of having 30% sales from new products introduced within the last 4 years. I'd like to give just one new product example from the quarter. Our performance polymers business responded quickly to address the global shortage of PA-12, a critical polymer for automotive applications. We accelerated the introduction of new grades of our Zytel product to allow the automotive industry to continue to produce parts with alternative materials. The contribution to business results is small in the quarter, but importantly, we demonstrated, again, DuPont to be a valued partner in helping the auto industry respond to a critical shortage. Now I'll turn the call over to Nick and Karen to review the quarter in more detail. Then I'll come back and close out the call with our views on the outlook; so, Nick.
Ellen J. Kullman: Great. Thank you, Karen. As Nick already stated, we expect full year earnings, excluding significant items, to be toward the lower end of our existing range of $4.20 to $4.40 per share due to the uncertainties of the global macro conditions, currency and anticipated higher tax rate due to earnings mix. Year-to-date, you've seen the strength and resiliency of our portfolio plus disciplined execution combine for earnings that were better than expected, and we intend to finish the year with the same discipline and focus. We remain committed to differentially managing our portfolio and invest in markets where growth remains attractive. Our innovation centers are an important tool in this effort and they’re places where we can focus resource and leverage the power of DuPont innovation in order to pursue growth opportunities in developing markets. As the result of a series of very purposeful actions, investment innovation, selective capacity expansion, acquisitions such as Danisco and Pannar, just to name a few, our portfolio is less cyclical than it was just 5 years ago, and we continue to drive productivity and benefit from the restructuring actions we implemented in 2009. Our business teams remain close to the markets and customers, ensuring that they are ready -- reading underlying demand signals from downstream markets and able to meet whatever changing customer needs they see. They're also focusing on innovation that truly add value to our customers and create opportunity for growth in new areas. Now I'd like to walk through some of the markets that are the most important to DuPont. Our Agriculture and Nutrition & Health segments will contribute about 1/3 of the company's sales and earnings this year. Agriculture and specialty food ingredient markets are expanding based on population growth and the demand for healthier food choices. Our businesses drive solutions to improve productivity and deliver more nutritious food. Success is contingent on our ability to continue to deliver products with improved performance for our customers year in and year out. And we have tremendous momentum with how customers have responded to our latest offering. TiO2, it's received a lot of attention lately. The market became soft in the second half of '11 and we've seen slow sequential recovery since then. We believe that recent comments in the press regarding demand outlook overstated the softness of the market, so much so in fact that we publicly affirmed our confidence in the demand outlook. We expect sequential recovery to continue. We expect segment margin for 2012 to be comparable to 2011, which is among the highest in our portfolio right now. Keep in mind that overall fundamentals in this market are robust. Demands historically track GDP growth, and we anticipate only modest capacity additions to this market over the next 4 years. We expect favorable market conditions to remain during that timeframe. Moving to automotive. Our expectation of global builds is still about 5% growth this year, although that outlook varies from a 6% decline in Europe to 14% growth in North America with the rest of the world somewhere in between. And finally, electronic markets are improving. Consumer electronics is bolstered by continued strong demand for smartphones and tablets. Demand for photovoltaic materials has shown good sequential improvement since the downturn in the second half of 2011, and we continue to expect PV installations to be up 10% over last year. Overall, with DuPont's mix of products sold into electronic markets, we expect sequential recovery to continue in the second half. So to summarize, second quarter came in about as expected against the backdrop of very dynamic market conditions. The company demonstrated strong execution and resiliency. The comments we've made about our performance and our outlook are very consistent with what we've been saying for the past couple of years: Innovation is the backbone of the company and we differentiate ourselves through our offerings. We are prioritizing resources and aligning with secular growth opportunities in food, energy and protection and productivity. It remains a way of life for each and every of our businesses. These are our constants, the essential drivers of our performance that enable us to deliver increased value for our shareholders over time. So now, we can open up the lines for your questions.
Ellen J. Kullman: Jeff, I'm not sure where that question is coming from. Certainly, Performance Coatings, as you saw, had good performance this year. But as you know, we evaluate our portfolio each and every quarter and if we have anything to announce about any of our businesses or product lines, we'll make sure we include you on the call.
Ellen J. Kullman: Kevin, thanks for the question. Asia is still a tale of 2 cities when you think about the developing areas versus the developed areas. Although our volume was down 1% in the quarter; in the developing Asia, it was up about 3% with -- developing Asia was up 3% with developed Asia down 4%. And you felt, China and Hong Kong, I mentioned in my remarks, were up 5% and then India was up 3%. And if you look at it sequentially, I mean it's been a hard one to call this year because it just was moving all over the place coming off of the Chinese New Year. But we have seen -- continue to see sequential improvement and as we take a look at the underlying markets, we expect that to continue.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think it's a hard one to call because you got to kind of look at it over time, but we see both happening. I mean we see that there's movement in some restocking. And I think that the Chinese government has really tried to create and have done some stimulus like just in the last month or so, they've had 2 cuts in their benchmark blending rate. They put in consumption incentives for some consumer goods and they've been working to accelerate project approvals on infrastructure. And we see all that is starting to move that market and I think TiO2 is a beneficiary of that.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think that the module inventories continue to be worked off with the installs. The first half installs were at a 10% rate, so they're -- this isn't a back-end loaded from an install standpoint. So that's really helped. As we look at our value chain, we predicted an improving position quarter-by-quarter and we think that still holds. So we think that the dynamics that we laid out for you in the last earnings call are playing out just as we have predicted.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, thanks. We know everybody's concerned based on the weather and the drought that's going on. We're looking at good availability for the 2013 series -- season. We have very strong risk management practices not only in -- for that carryover seed, but even our production locations are very geographically diverse, which helps, with 2/3 being irrigated. So that actually is very helpful especially with the weather. And then we always have winter production capability that we can come into play to fill in. So we are working that through as you speak, and we think we're going to have great availability for 2013 the season.
Ellen J. Kullman: No, I think that commodity prices are going to come and go. And with the Renewable Fuel Standard, there's kind of a base that is there in that marketplace. We're still looking at cellulosic ethanol ultimately as being the answer and making great headways on that one. But as we said and Karen said in her comments, we think the enzymes sales in that market will come off a little bit based on commodity prices. We still believe that, that market will continue to progress.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, I think we see that there are some things that are working in their favor, so sequentially we think that continues -- that will continue to improve. First of all, the acceptance of the new materials out of the Cooper River line, we're seeing great progress there. And even you’ve seen progress in the quarter -- second quarter, with the margin expansion you've seen in the second quarter, which is commensurate with improved products and improved utilization of those. Asia, we see is improving sequentially. North America continues to be solid. Europe is a challenge there. But even construction is given a little bit of a boost with residential being up 21%, now commercial is on its back but we're more heavily in residential than not. So there are some of those fundamentals that are coming into play that show an improving picture. But we're going to make sure that regardless of the external environment, we're going to be driving through either innovation and productivity to get to those targets.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, obviously with the commodity -- with volatile commodity prices, that continues to be looked at. Net farm income remains high, is high and is expected to remain high, so that's a positive, and probably will remain high for a little while because the stocks are not where -- it looks like with the volumes that are expected to come through from this season, stocks are supposed to remain high -- or stocks are supposed to remain low, therefore commodity price is high. We -- it's really early to talk about the details, but we are consistent with our pricing philosophy to the value of the new products, and I think you've seen that this year. I think you've seen that this year with our pricing being up at the high end of the range that we've talked about, 5% to 10%. I think you've seen it with the penetration of our new products. And it really is Optimum AcreMax now, for next year Optimum AcreMax XTreme and they're going to continue to make progress. AQUAmax, the new water resist -- water-tolerant, -- or drought-tolerant product -- I'll get the words right, yet. We're seeing great performance there in the 2 million acres there. So we tend to focus on product and performance to really drive our strategy with our pricing in North America. So I mean we're positive on price, but we'll bring up these new details as the year progresses.
Ellen J. Kullman: We're not going to go there yet. There's a lot that has to play out this year before we'll put that out there.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, David. I mean so we've had great performance in North America. The denominator's changed on us. The USDA added about, I don't know, 1 million acres to the number last month. And so with that, I think with our -- the numbers that we're looking at, I'd say we feel we've held share of those crops, say, after multiple years of share gains. I mean if you think about it between 2008 and 2012, we gained about 6 points in corn and more than 10 points in soy. So with the change in denominator, I'm going to back off a little bit and say we held share. But ultimately, we'll see where it ends up.
Ellen J. Kullman: So if you think about it, we launched AQUAmax and we have it on 2 million acres. The anecdotes I'm getting back from talking to farmers and talking to Paul Schickler, I was up here with them 2 weeks ago, are that it’s performing well and it's still green in some very stressed environments and AQUAmax is a native trait. And I think this year with the -- as we share the performance of that, we're going to get a lot more interest in that product in this coming season. But I think that's where we have to go as an industry. We have to go to be to be able to breed and to have traits that are very resilient under a wide range of environmental conditions, and I think that's the focus for the future.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, so crop protection chemicals is really a regional story. And so while there may be some backing off on what's required based on the conditions in North America, it's raining in Latin America. And we see the season shaping up there to be probably a pretty strong one for crop protection chemicals. And I think the 2 when you add it all up, it'll be a fine year for the business.
Ellen J. Kullman: Yes, and you couple that when it would come online, it is 3 to 4 years out. And so far then, GDP will do what it does.
Ellen J. Kullman: They had very strong comps in 2011. They were really -- they were sold out last year and fluoroproducts solutions into wide variety of market like wire and cable and places like that. So those volumes have come off a little bit, and that's really basically the change.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, Performance Coatings, you saw, had a good quarter. They had good margin expansion with the productivity programs coming through. They benefited from stronger volumes and OEMs, but coming off a little bit in the other segment. So they had some mix and opportunities there as well. So they continue to make progress on their goals of retaining their margin that we've laid out for you guys.
Ellen J. Kullman: Well, I’ll let Nick give you details. Let me give you the high-level. Don, we're seeing sequential improvement in many markets that have been very sketchy in the first half of the year. And that gives us -- and our ability to forecast out is not as great as we used to think it was back in the last decade. So we see some positive momentum from the sequential numbers in several of our businesses. We have the positive momentum of raws and then offset by tax and currency. But Nick, I don't know if you want to comment any more than that. I guess I've covered it for him now.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, why don't I take that? When you look at the TiO2 pricing in the second quarter, it was flattish versus being up. And expectation is that it's going to be flattish as you continue for the rest of the year.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, why don't I take that one? And so when you -- let me -- let's talk about the larger picture of where we are with the TiO2 business. The fundamentals really haven't changed here. We're still very bullish on the mid-, long-term prospects for TiO2. When you look at the growth that it has, relation to GDP, over the next 5 years the only significant new capacity being announced is DuPont. And there just isn't enough capacity announced to keep up with the demand at that sort of GDP growth rate. So we're seeing the basic fundamentals still intact moving forward even if there is a short-term period of demand contraction. We're also seeing our strong position based on the decades of innovation that we have, our #1 position around production capacity as well as our advantage position from a manufacturing technology standpoint. You couple all those macros with some of the specifics that are going on right now. When you look at -- even with this volume being somewhat depressed, you look at the earnings of this business in the year and you look at the margins of this business and you're still in line with what was performance was in last year's results. So you're seeing margins very much in line and earnings, overall, very much in line. So I think the overall macro picture is still very positive and strong in the TiO2 business.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes. I think a rough rule of thumb you can use when you look at our pricing in the marketplace, about 2/3 or 75% is driven through the innovation. And a small percentage is driven -- in that 25% range is driven by pass-throughs of raws up or down.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well, in aggregate, David, I see pricing being flattish as we close out the year. And as I say, I think that's reflected not only in the margins that we've shown year-to-date, but also in our projections for the rest of the year. When we look at the total year, we're saying that our margin for the segment is going to be about equal to last year, which was about 25% PTOI margin.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, essentially that's it, Duffy. As you know, we have the unique capability of consuming both the low and the high grade and still producing the high-grade TiO2. And it's a matter of how we regulate that mix of high grade and low grade, which is ability to impact that pricing just as you recapped.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: I mean when I look at the overall market conditions and the GDP growth that it has shown over extended periods of time, it tells me that even with our planned expansions over this 5-year period, it's going to be tight market conditions, and there won't be the ability when you look 3, 4 years out.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes. So you're all, you’re well aware of the pension change, the ability to aggregate it over a 25-year period for a discount. And then of course, that deals with the cash contribution piece. It doesn't deal with the GAAP accounting or the balance sheet item on it. And so what we're talking about here is this change in law will appreciably reduce the cash funding requirements that DuPont would have to make, specifically in that next 2-year period, that '13, '14 sort of time period. When you look at the impact, it's about a percentage point in discount rate change -- increase in discount rate, which will have that sort of rather large impact around future funding requirements.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well, I think when you look at our margins, and we don't talk about individual businesses. We keep it at the segment level. We do see, as I mentioned, the margins staying about equal to last year. For competitive reasons, I'm not going to get into specifics around my margin as it relates to others in the industry. I think you'd understand that.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well, yes, you covered the main variables here. I mean, as Ellen mentioned, when the headwinds, you talk about the weaker macro conditions, the stronger dollar, the higher tax rate, those are the types of things that are impacting us in a negative way. But on the flip side, on the tailwind side, we do have the lower import costs. And as Ellen mentioned, the sequential improvement, some of our key markets and regions, for example, we talked about China, specifically, and the increases that are occurring in there on a sequential basis. I think you got to look at the overall breadth and strength of our portfolio. And we see opportunities where we can implement growth contingency plans and/or additional productivity gains in our businesses or regions that can compensate for where there are weaker outlooks elsewhere and we still have 5 to 6 months ahead of us to deliver on against the commitments. And taking all this into consideration, we now believe and expect our earnings to be towards the lower end of the existing range.
