Gregory R. Friedman: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for our discussion of DuPont's second quarter and first half 2017 performance. Here with me are Ed Breen, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jim Collins, Executive Vice President responsible for our Agriculture segment. The slides for today's presentation and corresponding segment commentary can be found on our website along with our news release. During the course of this call, we will make forward-looking statements. I direct you to slides one and two for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance, but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. We request that you review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and today's slides, which are posted on our website. Our agenda today will start with Ed providing his perspective on the company's performance, then Nick will review our second quarter and first half financial results. Third, Jim will discuss our Agriculture business. We will then take your questions. With that introduction, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ed.
Gregory R. Friedman: Okay, thanks, Jim. We'll now open the line for questions. John, if you could please provide the instructions for those on the phone to ask a question.
Gregory R. Friedman: Well, thank you for joining us today on the DuPont second quarter earnings call. We thank you for your interest in DuPont.
Edward D. Breen: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. This quarter, we continued the momentum we generated in the beginning of the year and delivered a strong second quarter. We, again, drove top and bottom line growth, including volume increases across the board and strong margin growth. The gains were driven by our productive innovation pipeline as well as favorable market conditions in Electronics & Communications, Performance Materials, and Protection Solutions. The second quarter's highlights were: total sales of $7.4 billion rose 5%, which was all organic growth. Segment operating earnings increased 9%. Operating earnings per share grew 11%. We delivered volume gains in all reportable segments and segment operating margins improved about 80 basis points. Volume increases of 6% were the key growth driver to this quarter. Our focus on growth markets and new products is translating into strong results across the board. Agriculture was a large contributor to the volume gains, which Jim will cover. Electronics & Communications growth was driven by film and laminate applications in consumer electronics markets, coupled with strength in semiconductor and photovoltaics. In Protection Solutions, our volume increase primarily came from applications of Tyvek and Nomex with Tyvek active packaging as one new example. Industrial Biosciences generated volume growth largely from growth in biomaterials led by Sorona sales and apparel with bioactives up as well. Our 11% growth in operating earnings per share reflected the volume great gains as well as operating margin expansion. Electronics & Communications, Industrial Biosciences, and Ag led our operating margin growth. And Nick will cover our segment results in more depth in a moment. We also delivered a strong first half for 2017 with sales up 5%, gross margins up 45 basis points, segment operating margins up about 170 basis points, and operating earnings per share of 21% versus prior year. In addition, free cash flow year-to-date improved by about $200 million, excluding the additional pension contributions we made. It's with strong momentum that we have what we anticipate to be our last earnings news release and investor call as DuPont. Of course, this is not an ending but a beginning as we approach the expected August closing of the merger with Dow to form DowDuPont. This past quarter, we completed nearly all the steps needed to close the merger without any significant new remedies. When the final steps are completed, we will announce our expected closing date. We remain confident that the transaction will close in August. Our extensive integration planning will assure that, when the merger closes, DowDuPont can immediately begin launching the projects to achieve our cost synergy target of $3 billion and stand up the strong independent companies we intend to create. Meanwhile, the Dow and DuPont boards have begun a comprehensive portfolio review for DowDuPont, which we announced in May. The lead independent directors of each company working closely with the CEOs are leading the process assisted by McKinsey. We will update you when the process concludes. DuPont is entering the final weeks leading up to the merger with solid momentum. Going forward, we expect the combination of two great companies and the intended subsequent separations to unlock significant value for shareholders, creating independent companies equipped to continue as growth leaders in attractive market segments. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Nick.
Edward D. Breen: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, David. As you all know, we hired McKinsey to assist the board, and so the process is being led by the two lead directors, Sandy Cutler and Jeff Fettig with Andrew and I, obviously, involved also. But we have McKinsey doing a deep dive of study on it. And our goal is to get that done as quickly as we can so once we merge, we can, as a joint new board, new DowDuPont board, we can assess the outcome of that and move as rapidly as we can on making any decisions. But, obviously, the goal of this is to ensure maximum shareholder value is created, and that's the goal of the study and we'll see where that comes out. But we're moving as expeditiously as we can on that.
Edward D. Breen: Jeff, your, I think, second question there on DPS. We did have volume growth in the business, as you said, and didn't have quite the leverage on the operating earnings. But this past quarter, and by the way also the first quarter, we definitely made growth investments, mostly in Tyvek and Nomex, for new applications that we're launching. One of them I mentioned in my prepared remarks a few minutes ago, so we see some nice opportunities in those areas and we're investing in them now for growth to pick up in the business. So we should, as we move forward, start to see leverage in that portfolio, but definitely making the investments for the future.
Edward D. Breen: Yes, Jonas, so let me talk this through what's left. Understand that every jurisdiction around the world has approved the merger. So what is left, and Jonas, it goes right to your point. There's a couple markets where we're waiting on the approval of the buyer of the remedies and the two that are there is the EU, as you just mentioned on FMC, and the remedy in Brazil. We're down to the, literally, the last yards here to punch the ball into the end zone. We're not going to a Phase 2. We're very deep into the dialogue and we're literally, kind of any day here, awaiting on those. So we will close the merger in August. I can't say for sure yet if it's the beginning or towards the end, but it will definitely happen here in the month of August.
Edward D. Breen: Yes, P.J., let me take the first part of that. We took some charges during the first half of this year that were related to our $3 billion program. But we're not going to see the benefits of those until we're into the merger. You probably saw a few months back, we made an announcement about shutting down one key facility, we're merging it into two other facilities. We took a charge for that. And that has a longer tail to us, six to eight-month tail. So some of those programs we already enacted, so we don't have to it as long to get the synergy. But we still are lined up and ready to go on the $3 billion synergies once we merge and to get about 70% of that in the first 12 months of the merger. A – [06ZC7N-E Nick Fanandakis]>: And P.J., on the pension. The contribution we made voluntary of $2.7 billion above what was required. A couple of drivers there. First, we look, P.J., at the next several years, the next three to five years of metrics and dynamics that impact the payments that would be required. And we had projected that the number of this $2.5 billion to $3 billion was about the number that we would have to pay over the next three to five years in the way of required contributions. Second, we looked at the TVs, a little bit around that tax structures and what's coming in the way of tax changes. And if we're going to have to pay that over the next three to five years, it made sense to pay that now in order to get the benefit of the current tax position that we have. And then lastly, and as I looked at the opportunity here and what we're able to do, by doing this contribution at this point in time, it enabled optionality and flexibility as we go towards the ultimate spins into the new entities by having that reduced unfunded pension to deal with. So those were the drivers, P.J. There was a tax benefit, it was anticipated and the flexibility piece.
Edward D. Breen: Yes. The South Africa one, we'll see, but we're in the daily talks with them. And I don't think that will be the long pole in the tent on the next week or so here. It's really the other two we talked about.
James C. Collins: Thanks for the question. I think there were probably four or five questions in there. So let's start with Brazil. We talked a lot about inventories in the past. And while, I would say, overall industry inventories down there are still a little bit elevated and, yeah, we heard some announcements out there, I'd say our inventories are kind of now back to where I would really like them to be, kind of normal. And I'd say that for the pretty much rest of the world. We've done a nice job as a team of managing those inventories back to where they need to be. So what you're starting to see then in the quarter is the volume response based on that. So we're picking back up now that volume as we continue now to replenish inventory levels to where they need to be. You're right, we did have strong volume growth in the second quarter. A lot of that was driven by our insecticide portfolio. And, yes, part of that was related to products that we're holding separate as part of the remedy to FMC. If I had to range that, I'd say that maybe of the overall segment total, about a quarter of that volume would have been tied to products that are in that hold-separate category. But the rest of it, and you're seeing that strength in Brazil as tied to our fungicides portfolio, we've talked about the Vessarya launch here for a few cycles. We started to really see that volume in the quarter as well, as it pulls through some additional picoxy volumes. And then on top of that, I mentioned in the opening, we saw a return really to full volumes with Lannate and Vydate globally. And a lot of that goes in both North America and in Latin America. And then finally, Zorvec, we talked about its launch. Farmer results have been extraordinary, especially in places like China, where we're really enjoying some benefits of brand new technology, and that flows through in mix as well, and you saw that a little a bit in our pricing results for the segment, so.
James C. Collins: Yes, Steve. Thanks for the question. Clearly, you're right. We're watching this situation out there very closely. And DuPont FeXapan is essentially a duplicate product with XtendiMax that is out there in the marketplace. So we've relied heavily on the published labels that Monsanto had filed and duplicated those labels. We did our own testing and our own field trials and, certainly, our customers have had visibility of this technology for a couple of years. And we're committed to a pretty – one of the highest stewardship approaches that we've taken. Our route-to-market gives us direct access to our grower customers. We've been able to walk a lot of these fields. And based on the thousands of growers that are out there that have used this program this year successfully without any issues to meet the challenges that they face around some of these horribly resistant weeds that we're trying to control, we need this technology. And we're committed that it can be properly used and properly stewarded. So we're working with our customers. We're listening an awful lot. I've been out myself, looked at some fields, and we remain committed to the technology and the proper stewardship associated with it.
James C. Collins: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Don, for the question. You're right. We are able to realize a price premium for our Xtend soybeans. And it only represented this year, somewhere between 10% and 15% of our total lineup. You're also correct that the continued penetration of those Xtend soybeans thus, have a negative impact. We don't talk specifically about gross margins below kind of the corporate level, but you'll start to see that it will have a drag as we're not able to really fully price to cover 100% of that royalty. Remember also, that royalty had some other things associated with it. It was our full enablement around Roundup Ready 2 Yield. It also had some other rights in access for us around the stacking of trade. So you can't pin 100% of that royalty drag directly on Xtend, but it is certainly a piece of that As it unfolds over time, we are able to begin to cover that essentially 100% of that by the end of the planting horizon. And we do that in a number of ways. Other pricing mechanisms that we have in the marketplace for the value that those products delivering, like more of our A-Series lineup into that background germplasm. It also has a flow through from a manufacturing perspective as we put more units to our manufacturing sites we get a pass-through on margin there as well. So as it becomes more and more a percentage of our overall lineup and our overall mix, I'm confident that we'll be able to essentially offset that.
James C. Collins: Yes, Duffy. If you think of it as an overall segment level Ag volumes, about half of the volume – about a quarter of the volume increase that we saw in the quarter would have been tied to those businesses that are moving away in the whole separate with the remedy. If I hone it down a little finer for you, and just talk specifically about the crop protection volume growth that we saw in the quarter, about half of that growth would be tied to that. The other part of our growth is tied to products that we're really excited about going forward, that are actually on a growth trajectory. If you think about our fungicides portfolio, Zorvec and Vessarya, we're just starting to see those volumes, and they represented about a quarter of the benefit that we saw in the quarter. And then the rest of it are insecticides that were not included in the remedy, and I mentioned Lannate and Vydate are two of the important ones, were now fully back enabled with volumes, and you're seeing the return to growth with those products as well.
James C. Collins: No, Sandy, this is Jim. We did a lot of work as we reset that $1 billion synergy target for the Ag businesses, post the remedies that we saw in the EU, and we had anticipated that there likely might be some remedy associated with the seed business in Latin America, which all came pretty much like we thought. So we feel good about that $1 billion. A lot of it is certainly tied to some areas around our production capabilities, seed and crop protection around the world, as we look at the opportunity to manage – to look at our footprint. It has to go with market and some channel access. There are countries around the world where each company has maybe a better footprint and gives us opportunities to compare that. And then part of it has to do with our retail and market approaches. And the teams have spent a lot of time looking at this kind of multiproduct, multichannel, multibrand approach, and I feel really good about our ability and readiness to execute on those plans as well.
James C. Collins: Thanks, Laurence. Yes, our CRISPR strategy, I would say, is something that is still emerging. We've clearly identified a few early targets. We talked about our waxy corn program. I think I had mentioned it a little bit at several of the Ag conferences. So it will be our first commercial product. We'd expect that by the end of the decade. We're beginning to work on a few other diseases that we think CRISPR could help us control. One of those is northern leaf blight. You know how important or how big an impact that disease can be. I think I saw a number last year, could have been as high as $1.6 billion in North America alone. So what that'll allow us to do is leverage our existing germplasm, but look for background germplasm where that trait or that natural disease resistance already exists and then use the CRISPR tool, just like we would any other advanced breeding technology, to breed our background germplasm in with that protection. So, after we kind of get through those two constructs, we are going to take a look at other crops, whether this opens opportunities for wheat and rice that have been a little more difficult, and take a better look at the global background of our germplasm to see what other opportunities might bring.
James C. Collins: Yeah. It's obviously a little early to be talking about our guidance for next year. A clear part of our growth strategy as we think about the go-forward business is going to be on our new product pipeline, new product launches. I talked about a few here today. We have another important insecticide, Pyraxalt, which we'll be launching in 2018. And I think if you'll look at several of the Ag conference charts from both DuPont and Dow, you'll see that we both have good pipelines, with a number of new products coming over the next several years. So 2018, we'll be continuing to accelerate the launches that we've already talked about with Zorvec, Vessarya. We'd hope to continue to penetrate with Xtend and Leptra, both in Latin America and North America, so there'll be a positive mix effect from those two as well. And then I mentioned Vessarya earlier. I would say that, as we think about the second half of this year, especially in Brazil, we're cautious on that market, just as growers are. They're clearly watching to see how this North American crop develops. We're in a real critical stage right now, where temperature can have a big impact at pollination on yields. So I think we're all waiting to see how that turns out. That will naturally affect commodity prices for corn and soybeans. And those are two big drivers as to how the next season will unfold as well. So, as I said, it's a little early to call it, and we're watching things pretty closely.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: So on tax, Jeff, this is Nick. Obviously, we're working that whole equation right now. We've had several discussions in Asia around – in Singapore, with tax authorities on what might be able to be put in place to the new merged entity. It's too soon to come out with what the end result of all those discussions are, but they're progressing very nicely as we go forward there. And so the tax – full tax impact – I'm not going to characterize what that impact is right now, but we've been working very hard around that area, and we've had some very good progress in that space.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yeah, let me handle that, Chris. So as you go forward looking at Electronics & Communications, as you said, you're absolutely right, there were some rather lower comps that we were against. So part of it is that. But we have seen good, strong consumer electronics, semiconductor, as well as PV in the quarter and as we're going forward. When I look beyond the second quarter in the rest of the year, we do expect continued moderate strength in some of these key markets, primarily the three that we talk about, consumer electronics, semiconductors and PV. We are though forecasting growth rates to be down in the PV side due to some of the reduced government subsidies around the grid capacity constraints in China. So that will be tempered somewhat in the second half on the PV side but continued growth around the consumer electronics and semiconductor space.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yeah, Bob, it's Nick. When you look at Performance Materials, you're right, it was the compression there, really driven by the raws, when you look at butadiene, benzyne, all have price increases. It also did have our plan turnaround at the cracker in the quarter as well. And that obviously would impact some of the volume pieces. But mainly it's on the raws. Looking forward, we look to see those raw headwinds continue around butadiene, benzene, ethane. The ethylene margins are going to see compression because we are seeing ethylene spot pricing start to decline somewhat as well. So you will continue to see that margin compression in Performance Materials because of the market and the raws.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Arun, on the second part of your question with the share buyback. Share buybacks is an important tool for returning value to the shareholders. It's one that both Dow and DuPont have utilized in the past. What's going to happen going forward, obviously, that's going to be a DowDuPont board decision as to what would take place in the way of share buybacks post-merger. Specifically on your pension though, when you look about the pension contribution, keep in mind that from an adjusted net debt perspective and from a credit rating agency perspective, that really had zero impact because they take that pension liability into account in their rating. So by making that contribution, even though net debt went up, it had zero impact on the adjusted net debt.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes. So the pro formas will come out 75 days after the merger. And those pro formas that we will issue will have the historical DuPont in place. What you're talking about on the DowDuPont going forward, as you look at the merge day, the DowDuPont numbers will pick up from that point going forward. So you could have anywhere from one to two months of DuPont alone results lost from those reported results depending upon when the close is, first of the month or the end of the month. That will not be picked up, but it would be picked up in the DuPont only pro formas.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Well for Performance Materials, you're talking? I mean, if you look at Performance Materials and the work we're doing around application development, the continued driving of new applications, new uses, that's all still in place. So although there are market trends that determine pricing, we're constantly looking for applications that will allow us to grow at greater than the industry rates of growth. So if you look at, for instance, auto builds over the last several quarters, you'll see a growth rate that the lower than that of which we've been able to realize in our business. So we'll continue to grow at a better rate because of the application development. As far as portfolio changes, that's something that the business always looks at the end looks for opportunities in and out to enhance of the value of the offering.
Nicholas C. Fanandakis: Yes, obviously, if those raws don't go up as much or potentially turn, there's the opportunity to see margin expansion and greater leverage opportunity in the business. It's difficult to predict exactly where that's going to be. Keep in mind though, there is like a three-month lag to inventory as those movements take place either way.
