Lori Koch: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for DowDuPont’s second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. We are making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. These slides are posted on the Investor Relations section of DowDuPont’s website, and through the link to our webcast. Joining me on the call today are Marc Doyle, Chief Executive Officer; Jean Desmond, our Chief Financial Officer; and Ed Breen, Executive Chair. Please read the forward-looking statements disclaimer contained in this slide. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainty our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our Form 10-K as modified by our first quarter Form 10-Q and current report include detailed discussion of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today excludes significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our press release and in the appendix of our slides. For your awareness, we have kept our prepared remarks to about 20 minutes in order to allow a full 30 minutes of Q&A and then end a little early, so that you can join the Corteva call, which starts at 9:00 a.m. I will now turn the call over to Marc.
Lori Koch: Thank you, Ed. With that, let’s move on to your questions. First, I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Please, provide the Q&A instruction.
Lori Koch: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. For your reference, a copy of the transcript will be posted on DuPont’s website. This concludes our call.
Ed Breen: Thanks, Jean. I’ll provide an update to our strategic priorities on Slide 11. We are committed to delivering best-in-class performance, and in the quarter, we continued to advance our performance towards these goals. Our focus on innovation continues to accelerate growth from our robust R&D portfolio, as evidenced by our eighth consecutive quarter of pricing growth.  We have and we’ll continue to invest in innovation even during the weakness we are experiencing in our short-cycle businesses. In fact, our R&D spend as a percentage of sales was held steady at 4% for the quarter, in line with our targets. I am pleased with our cost productivity, including delivering over $100 million in cost synergies in the quarter, leading to 170 basis points of margin expansion. We also continue to execute our portfolio actions and are actively engaged in discussions to sell the businesses within our Non-Core segment. We expect to have made meaningful progress on these divestitures within the calendar year. From a broader perspective, our portfolio presents potential for significant value creation over the long term. I am pleased with the organization’s focus on driving free cash flow and improving ROIC. We recently issued a performance grant to members of our leadership teams, which has ROIC improvement as a key metric in the payout. Integral to achieving this goal is effective capital allocation, and our commitment to this priority is evidenced by our completion year-to-date of $250 million of share repurchases under our $2 billion plan. I can assure you that the organization will stay focused on its top strategic priorities with the ultimate goal of creating shareholder value. I’ll now turn it to Lori to open the Q&A.
Ed Breen: Yes. Probably a couple of comments on that. I think we’re looking at that these costs as more permanently out of the system. So we did $30 million in the second quarter, and Marc and the team are doing another $80 million in the second half, as I think Jean said, biased more – Marc said biased more towards the fourth quarter by the time they kick in. I’d also like to highlight for you a comment that Jean did make. We are not touching R&D if we’re – just because we’re seeing a little short-term softness. We’re going to run the R&D around 4%, maybe just slightly above 4%, which is exactly aligned with all the detailed plans of the – that the team has. And I think that’s really important. We’re not going to clip our future growth prospects just because of a little weakness on short-term. 
Ed Breen: One of the big areas that the team has focused on, to Marc’s point about going in the future, is we have, as you know, a factory efficiency program going on, productivity there, which is pretty big for DuPont with some of the large facilities we have. And a big part of that M&A is in our S&C business, which has our bigger, tougher facilities. And as you can see, during this past year, the team has made really good progress in that business, and we were up almost 700 basis points in that business over the last year. And again, great progress in the quarter there. A lot of that is – we are getting pricing in that business, but we are seeing some volume growth. But really underlying that is really tremendous progress on that productivity on the factory footprint. So that’s a big thing. And by the way, it’s just not that. This happens to be the biggest opportunity. Marc’s got a program with the team across all the businesses when it comes to that factory efficiency.
Ed Breen: Yes. I’m more – I don’t think the macro – or if it’s soft or not, I don’t think it has any bearing on the strategic moves we would make whatsoever. If you make the right strategic moves, you’re going to create value, so I don’t take into account. I would say, as Jean mentioned, though, just to highlight on your portfolio comment, feel good about the progress we’re making on the Non-Core front, and that will be cash coming into the company that we can deploy in a very smart way. And every metric practically improves as we exit the Non-Core businesses, whether it’s revenue growth rate, margins, ROIC. So we’ll really focused the team on really getting those transaction moving along quickly.
Ed Breen: Yes. Just – by the way, just hit that, Marc; or Jean, jump in also. So the areas we talked about before, the three soft areas I just – there’s – obviously, residential construction is down. But putting those piece aside, it’s really the semi business is a little soft. The auto business is soft. And E&I business was soft, because of smartphones. So the planning is that autos are still down globally 5%, and we’re saying no improvement in the second half of the year. By the way, it really looks like inventories in autos around the world, including China, are pretty much getting back to about normal levels. So that’s finished goods inventory. But we still think the supply chain, as Jean mentioned, does still have some months to go to make sure that gets cleaned up. And then on the smartphone side, as Marc had commented on, we actually saw the improvement or see an improvement in the orders, we think, but it’s not because global demand is up in smartphones. It’s actually down.  It’s that we’re driving extra content. And we are seeing those orders – we did see those orders begin in the second quarter mostly for the content we put in on the 5G side. So that’s kind of the planning assumption on those two big areas. And we’re expecting no improvement in the soft conditions on the semi inside kind of for the rest of the year. Therefore, by – back to my comment a few questions ago, we’re planning kind of revenue flat, first half and second half, in the company. I think that’s a good planning assumption. So we don’t overspend. We watch our cost controls and all that.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Thanks, Ed. And yes, just to build on what Ed said, there is a couple of sequential changes, I mean, there’s a slight improvement in E&I that’s really driven by the premium smartphone market, as we said, last quarter. As launches happen in the second half, we’ll see some additional sales. We’re pretty confident with that. The orders started to pick up in the second quarter, and some of that is leading to a slight improvement in the back half for E&I. And then you asked about the trade resolution. We’re not assuming that there’s any change in the trade environment. So for our second half outlook, we’re sort of staying the course here on the current situation. 
Marc Doyle: Yes. Jeff, this is Marc. I’ll take that. I mean yes, what we’ll be seeing is – I mean, take 2Q as an example. We still delivered about $100 million in synergies. That will be happening through the end of the year here. But we also delivered productivity on top of that, as Ed said, about $30 million. We’ll see more productivity and less synergy going into 2020. And we’ve already teed up a number of areas that we intend to focus on, and so you’ll see us talking more about that on a going-forward basis. The synergy program will end early next year. We’ll deliver the last portion of that.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Yes, Steve, let me take that. It’s Marc. Yes, what we’ve said from last year is that there are opportunities across the portfolio. The revenue synergies take a little bit longer to build due to qualification timing. There are some launches that have been happening this year. For example, some of the plant-based meat offerings, cellulosics, things like that are coming out of the new cellulosics portfolio. That was the combination of Dow and FMC. We did a beta launch of a smart materials offering around smart conference tables. That was also a Dow plus DuPont integrated offering. And so you’ll see more and more of those launches. We’ve sized the opportunity for revenue synergies at around about $400 million EBITDA, but we said it would be three to five years out. So the way I think of it is it’s a growth kicker but at just a portion of the three to five-year growth objective. And it’s really localized to those overlaps that exist in each of the segments actually if you look at the way we’ve put Dow and DuPont together.
Marc Doyle: I think – this is Marc. I’ll kick it off and then I’m sure Ed will add something. I think current macro is probably not the biggest driver for the opportunity here. I think if you look at the strength of each of these businesses in the portfolio and the opportunities to potentially look for either M&A or other transactions down the road, that we see plenty of opportunities across the board. Will the current macro drive more of that activity in the future? Hard to say.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Let me just build on Ed’s comment. That’s a good point on Non-Core. We do get questions about whether market conditions and potentially softening would impact the value that we get for some of those divestitures, and I can tell you we’re obviously well into things here. We’re not seeing any issues there so far. The assets that we’re putting up for sale are good products lines, businesses. They have strong interest in everything that we’re rolling with here. So we’re feeling pretty good about the cash generation potential.
Marc Doyle: Yes, good question, Jonas. I think it was hard to predict. And I wouldn’t say automotive demand weakening was all about the trade war, but clearly that’s a factor. There are multiple factors, I think, if you read some of the industry reports. The other industry that clearly there are some interesting dynamics is around the electronics industry, a lot of the headlines you read about the Chinese semiconductor industry and Chinese OEMs and U.S. suppliers. And I think we’re relatively well positioned. We have a lot of our production local. We’ve been positioned in Asia for quite some time, both in our automotive and our electronics product lines. But we have to continue to watch those dynamics in U.S.-China relationship and how those might affect the competitiveness of U.S. companies on the ground there.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Let me give you a little bit more on the first question. So the positive, the bright spots for N&B in the quarter clearly, as Ed mentioned, probiotics, back to double-digit growth. We announced also some pretty significant investments, both in capacity and new product launches, during the quarter, some additional R&D partnerships with other companies. So we’re clearly doubling down to continue that long-term growth trajectory. And as Ed mentioned, that’s a great mix enricher for margins in the long run. I’d mention also the microbial business was back up mid-single digits in the quarter. That was good to see. And obviously, the plant-based meat trend is a fantastic one, and I think we’re pretty well positioned in that market. We’re working hard to be the R&D partner of choice for the companies in that space. It’s a small business today. It’s also a mix enricher. The margins in that space are higher than the average margins in the segment. So that’s going to be a good long-term growth driver. On the other side of the coin, I’d say clearly the industrial enzymes business continues to have some market struggles. Bioethanol continues to be a really tough market. And so that’s one that we’re looking to, to hopefully get through during the course of the year and maybe see a recovery in 2020. Near term, we had some weakness in the quarter in pharma, which was really driven by capacity issues primarily. And so we do expect in the second half we’ll see the pharma business back to the usual least low single-digit growth. The market demand there is strong. It’s a good long-term market. We also had a little bit of weakness in the system solutions business because of weather in the quarter, and we think that will pass. We think Food & Beverage will be back up to low single digit in the second half. And so that’s kind of a rundown product-by-product.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Thanks, David. It’s a great question. FMC is obviously firing on all cylinders. As we said, the margin expansion, which the team has been working on for several years, is coming through. We’re seeing great demand in the water business, great demand in the safety business. The only weakness is residential construction in the U.S., and we do expect at some point that’s going to come back. And so we’re really bullish here. The second half, a bit of a sequential softening. The primary factor there, I’d say, is that we’ve got some PMMAs, which are the big plant turnarounds. The Safety & Construction business has some sizable sites, and so when those come up for the once shutdowns, that lead to a slug of cost. I’d say we’re also being a little bit cautious in the outlook. Demand has been booming. Pricing is strong right now. We just don’t want to assume that that’s going to continue forever. But as we look to 2020, I think we’re real positive on the continued growth in that business. The market drivers there, which are clean water, which are worker safety, good exposure to markets like aerospace and defense, I mean, those are all real strong spaces globally right now. So the exposure there on the market side is definitely a positive.
Marc Doyle: Yes. Let me just build on Ed’s comment. Ed mentioned auto, smartphones. Semiconductor, we have revised the full year planning assumptions. So we were saying early this year that it would be sort of low single-digit MSI growth. We’re now expecting that that’s going to be down a bit. And that’s just consistent with what we’re seeing in the market, particularly in memory. Memory prices are way down. Volumes are down.  The Korean semiconductor market has been really soft here in the second quarter, and that’s impacting our materials sales. Even as we’re investing in next-gen qualifications aggressively in semi for advanced node products, the total volume is just down by a few percent, which is different than we expected starting the year. And so those are really the primary areas that we’ve revised our full year expectations.
Marc Doyle: Why don’t I take that? This is Marc. So it’s different segment to segment, clearly. We are assuming that we’re starting to lap some of the significant price actions in the T&I segment. And we’re assuming also in the S&C business we’ll start to see a little bit less price in the back half. And so as it nets out, we’ve been running about plus two per quarter, the first half of the year, on price. We think in the second half on a year-over-year basis we’ll get down closer to being flat by the end of the year. Now these are planning assumptions clearly it depends very much on the demand environment, and it depends on supply situation. So these things can change relatively quickly. One of the drivers for pricing for us in T&I has been not just the strong demand but also our very stable, predictable supply situation, particularly in the nylon product lines. And so we’ve been one of the producers that customers can really count on to continue to deliver. So we’ll take advantage of that strong supply capability if there’s any further disruptions in supply in the industry and continue to try to drive pricing.
Marc Doyle: Yes, Frank. Let me take the first question then I’ll hand the second question over to Jean. It’s – I was laughing a little bit because it’s rare that we would be bragging about minus 3% growth in China. I can’t remember that happening in a long, long time. But it was a sequential improvement, and it is a little bit of a sign of life. The strength there has been across several of our segments. Most notably, I’d say that E&I was up. Also, S&C continues to be very strong in China. The E&I growth is a statement around the China semi market, which is a bright spot for semi. Also, those orders starting for premium phones and the displays market growth is largely happening in China. On the S&C side, the water business just continues to be booming there, and the team is doing a great job of capturing growth there. That water growth is both in industrial –sort of water cleanup for industrial operations as well as residential water market in China is really booming. And we’ve put out a couple of new products in the quarter and have some notable share gains that are continuing that double-digit growth for us. So that’s kind of the positive side of the China story right now.
Marc Doyle: Yes, good question, Duffy. I mean, the bottom-line is the two biggest segments there, water and safety, both over-delivered in terms of cost actions, productivity actions and pricing came in a little stronger than expected. So I would say the demand environment was notably different. We knew it will be a strong environment. But the team really executed well around controlling what we could control, driving productivity and then continuing to deliver on the pricing side of the equation. And so it’s a good story for the quarter, good execution. Again, second half, we’re being a little cautious on some of the things that are a little bit less in our control like the demand and pricing side. But I’m expecting that we’re going to keep delivering in S&C, and it’ll be a good driver during the second half too.
