Carl Lukach: Thanks, John. And good morning everyone and welcome, thank you for joining us today for DuPont first quarter 2013 performance call with investors. With me this morning are Ellen Kullman, Chair and CEO; Nick Fanandakis, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jim Borel, Executive Vice President of our Ag, Nutrition & Health segments. The slides for today's presentation can be found on our website along with the news release we issued this morning. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements and I direct you to slide 2 for our disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. Although they reflect our current expectations, these statements are not guarantees of future performance but involve a number of risks and assumptions. We urge you to review DuPont's SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures and request that you to review the reconciliations to GAAP statements provided with our earnings news release and on our website. I would like to highlight for several changes that we’ve made this quarter in our reporting materials. We will now refer to operating earnings which excludes non-operating pension costs and significant items. We announced this reporting changes in December last year and believe this better reflects the ongoing performance of our businesses. In addition we have also made a number of simplifications and additional disclosures we hope will make it easier for you to understand our performance and reconcile to GAAP results. With that introduction it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellen.
Carl Lukach: Okay, thanks Jim. I'll cover the remaining segments beginning on slide 10 with Electronics & Communications. Sales of $616 million decline 9% primarily due to lower sales into photovoltaics as market share gains were more than offset by reduced material usage by module manufacturers. Operating earnings of $49 million were down $10 million on the lower sales. For the second quarter, we anticipate sales will be down significantly and operating earnings down substantially versus a very strong 2Q last year. Although PV module production is expected to be flat for the year in the second quarter module production is forecast to be down 15% versus last year's strong second quarter when inventories were building. We also believe the trend have reduced materials usage at module makers will continue. We anticipated second half results will benefit from sequential increase in module production and stronger demand in consumer electronics driven by smartphones and tablets. Moving to slide 11, sales in our Industrial Biosciences segment were essentially flat at 289 million on 1% higher prices offset by 1% decline in volume. Strong demand and higher prices for Sorona in carpeting and growth in food enzymes were largely offset by lower enzyme volumes for ethanol. Operating margins are $41 million, were up 5% and margins improved on lower input costs and discipline costs management. For the second quarter sales are expected to be up modestly on new technology launches. Strong demand for Sorona expected to continue and growth in detergents and food enzymes partially offset by continued softness in ethanol. We expect demand for enzymes for ethanol to remain soft into the second half of the year until producer margins improved. Our operating earnings are expected to be significantly higher from sales growth and continued synergies. Now let's discuss performance chemicals on slide 12. Sales of approximately $1.6 billion, were down 17% due to 11% decline in price and a 6% volume drop. The decline in price primarily reflects lower Ti02 prices. All of the volume decline was attributable to Chemicals & Fluoroproducts reflecting a lower industrial demand and schedule plant shut downs. TiO2 volumes were essentially unchanged year over year, but up 8% on a sequential basis. Operating earnings decline 56% for $320 million largely in line with our expectations versus last year's peak level. Turning to the second quarter, operating earnings are expected to be down for substantially similar to the decline in the first quarter results. Due to lower year over year Ti02 prices. While demand patterns remain dynamic and evolving we believe Ti02 demand is stabilizing as the year progresses with improving industry fundamentals and the absence of customer destocking, while there is uncertainty about the timing and strength of a recovery, we continue to believe that the market will bottom around the middle of this year. Publish report indicate a gradual but steady decline in producer inventory levels. Coupled with stable to improving demand outlook it provides us renewed confidence that the sequential margin contraction experienced in the past three quarters is a big. Turning now to performance materials on slide 13, sales of $1.6 billion were down 3% with 1% higher volumes offset by 3% lowers prices. Sales of (inaudible) polymers grew 10% with strength in non food packaging and consumer applications providing top line growth for the packaging and industrial polymers business unit. Volumes in performance polymers declined 4% due to weakness in automotive sales in Europe and Japan partially offset by strong sales in China and ASEAN due to continue penetration at Kia OEMs. Operating earnings of $292 million increased 5% primarily due to lower feedstock cost. Higher sales volumes in packaging markets were partially offset by weak demand in Europe and Japan automotive markets. For the second quarter sales and operation earnings are forecasted to be essentially flat with auto built down in Europe, and Japan offsets by gains in North America and China. On slide 14, we'll cover the safety and protection segments. Sales were down 4% on lower volume in price primarily reflecting lower spending in the U.S public sector. As well as to continued uncertainty in industrial markets, operating earnings decreased $21 million, primarily due to weaker sales mix and lower plant utilization partially offset by productivity gains. For the second quarter we expect sales and operating earnings to decline modestly year-over-year, reflecting market conditions similar to the first quarter. However operating earnings and margins are expected to improve sequentially from the first quarter to the rest of the year due to our productivity action the U.S housing market rebound and improving demand in industrial and public sector markets. This concludes the segment updates, so I'll turn the call back to Ellen now.
Carl Lukach: Okay, John, thanks. Thanks John for that, thanks everyone. I know you have another call to run to I just want to remind you that we are hosting our Investor Day next week Thursday May 2nd, 9 to 1 pm here in Wilmington, our headquarter we hope to see you there. Thank you very much your interest in DuPont, and the IR team will be available to answer any follow up question that you have in the call today. Thank you very much. 
Ellen Kullman: Great thank you Carl. Let me close by providing you with some insights about what underpins our outlook. Starting with the second quarter as Jim mentioned we did see about $0.02 per share timing benefit in the first quarter from an accelerated pace of corn seed deliveries in North America this will impact our second quarter. On the top line we expect second quarter market conditions to be similar to what we saw on the first quarter. Solid fundamentals and agriculture Nutrition & Health Industrial Biosciences as well as continued demand uncertainties from industrial market. On our bottom-line, we expect strong growth again in our agricultural segment and tough comparisons to prior year peak level in Performance Chemicals. Consistent with what we discussed in January, we expect the first half operating earnings per share will be about 7% to 9% lower than last year. Going to the full-year, we are reaffirming our full guidance of $3.85 a share to $4.05 a share which is a 2% to 7% growth from last year. Growth fundamentals in agriculture markets remained solid, and we expect our product lines to perform very well. As a result, we anticipate low teen growth in sales for the full year, from our agricultural segment. We expect the food and beverage industry to continue to general stable, global demand for our nutrition and health and industrial biosciences products and anticipate increasing our market penetration in these markets led by superior value propositions of our product offerings. For Ti02 as I mentioned, we anticipate supply and demand in the global market to stabilize around the year so in that point, resume a growth trajectory which has been tracked historically to GDP growth. We also anticipate improvements in demand in the second half from industrial market. This is based on our evaluations of country and regional forecast for general industrial production, auto production, home building and construction, solar module production and other markets. Data for these market show negative or no growth in the first quarter but a forecasted to grow several percentage points for the year. Examples include global auto builds, industrial production and Photovoltaic Modules production. This means, we will see sequential improvement in demand as the year progresses, which we're ready for in a positively impact many of our businesses, like protection technologies, performance polymers and chemicals and floor products. You will continue to see cost savings from our restructuring program and our ongoing productivity initiatives, which helps offset inflation and fund growth initiatives. And we are committed to these car brands and believe they are returning real value to our shareholders. And what remained stead fast on our current track of deploying our science to bring it consistent, steady flow of new product to global market that solve real market need. They offer strengthen our market position, improve customer satisfaction all at higher values for customers and shareholders. So in closing, our first quarter results were as expected and communicated to you three months ago. In addition, we reaffirmed our full year outlook we purchased $1 billion of stock, reduced DuPont's net debt 4.5 billion and raised our dividends, actions that reflect our priority and confidence and our ability to execute our business plans. It always comes down to staying close to the customers, understanding their underlined demand signaled and disciplined execution. Our indicators are signaling gradual improvement in demand as we progress through the year. So we must remain agile and quick to respond at customer demand improves, which is exactly what we will do. So Carl, back to you.
Ellen Kullman: Yeah, so we never gave a number range in our January call. We said it will be down, I don’t remember the word we used….
Ellen Kullman: Right. So we're getting more specific based on the impact to the volatility of Performance Chemicals and some other factors like the higher commodity prices, and we thought it'd be helpful to you to get more specific at this point in time about the first half of the year. 
Ellen Kullman: Yeah, I mean thank you, Brian. We have been really consistent about how we talked about acquisitions. There are things that really have to advance, either our science or market penetration in key markets where we see our science is going to make a difference. So, I think you've seen that, whether it's in large ones like Danisco, or whether it's in small ones like Pannar, which gives us the opportunity to extend well into Sub-Saharan Africa with our agriculture segment or things like Innovalight, which give us the silicon ink that really enhances the efficiency from a PV standpoint. So, we continue to have a strong activity in the company looking at various areas; nutrition and health, agriculture, industrial biosciences, advanced materials where we think that it's either science and/or market penetration can help, and let me just be clear about what I'm looking for. I'm looking to create a trajectory or momentum. I'm looking to create a greater opportunity for our company by doing this, not just creating bulk, but really creating momentum. And so, we do see acquisition as being an important part of our growth plan going forward and continue to focus on those areas.
Ellen Kullman: Yeah so let me talk about the macro, then we will go down to the customer level. So if you think about industrial production only being up 1% in the first quarter versus what economists are continuing to focus on which says 2% to 2.5% for the year. If you think about automotive globally being down 1 in the first quarter, being up may be 1 in the second quarter, it's going to be actually up 4 in the second half of the year to meet the build, and so, there are the macro indicators there. Now, if you go down and you talk to automotive, if you talk to people down our value chain, they feel that there is just -- I wouldn't call it a great change, but a building of a little more confidence. And so I think that's what we are seeing, China infrastructure, for example, they have come out and -- their government has come out and said they're going to install 10 gigawatts of solar modules as part of their infrastructure this year. Now, we didn’t see any of that in the first quarter, but we see activity and hopefully that will lead to that and that will be good for our electronics business, and so we do see it coming from different ways. Now, again it's a wait and see basis, and I am a very practical person, I'd like to see it more tangibly, but all our forward looking indicators in that area are showing signs of sequential slow improvement, which at the end of day -- that's why the word values are cautiously optimistic.
Ellen Kullman: Good, I heard you put publisher report yesterday but anyway, asked question a lot, and as you know we continually evaluate all our business, just we expect them to drive innovation science into the marketplace to differentiate themselves from the competition and as you saw in our last couple years, if we find the business its not measuring up we take those decisions very seriously so I will talk about Ti02. We have advantage process technology gives us the sustainable competitive advantage no matter where we are in the cycle therefore we earn superior cash returns on our invested capital through the entire cycle and move well above our cost of capital even after trough so if we have strong cash flow so we can use that cash flow in many ways in the company whether it’s to invest in research and development or other growth investments. Counter balancing that is the volatility it is the cyclical business and the turns are very difficult to predict and I know that’s what drive everyone to the distraction. So we continually evaluate all of our businesses and as always we will do what's in the best interest for the shareholder.
Ellen Kullman: Yeah, so, we can talk about sales but not operating income because if the fact of the matter is our plans most of them are located EMEA, United States and we do a tremendous amount of exporting out up in the United States in the other areas of the world. And in Safety & Protection in North America we’re seeing progression based not only on a continuation of our focused on commercial construction but the start up of some higher opportunities in housing starts and build both in the Korean and in the Taiwan product line. We’re seeing softness in the first responder and the military area in the United States that kind we’ve "one tenders" but they haven’t release the orders yet and how sequestration effects that we don’t think so and we do expect that to pick up as the years go on. So in addition to that we have the productivity efforts that are starting to come true when you will margin expansion in that area. So we have some positives from standpoint of construction we have some negatives like first responder that area net, net sales in the quarter or probably flat to up very modestly.
Ellen Kullman: So we’ll start with Asia first. So in Asia volumes for flat it was a tale of two cities, developed Asia was down 5% on volume based on things like automotive builds in Japan and Korea seeing off substantially. And then we had obviously 5% growth in developing Asia with things like strength in India, strength in China and things like automotive. And so Asia was very much a mixed bag, so on average it was zero but it was a tale two cities and developing areas still making great progress, and then developed areas specifically Japan and Korea struggling. If you look at North America I'd say agriculture we’re pretty flat except for [Ti02]where we had a shut down that impacted some of our volumes there in one of our businesses. But it was flat to up one outside if Ag and I think that answers your question.
Ellen Kullman: Yeah. So from refreezement standpoint we’re coming into season. Right, so second quarter is seasoned for refreezering, who are polymers, our volumes were of there and that scenario where there is I think industrial the slow down or I think uncertainty and industrial markets are impacting the performance polymers standpoint. You know about DDT, we talked about titanium dioxide and industrial chemicals and things like cyanide which is making great progress and things like anilines which we have some slowness due to our outage. So everything we see in the second half should pick up as industrial production picks up in this segment.
Ellen Kullman: So what I would tell you is in PV confidence would not be the word I would use because it's bumpy and it has been bumpy, but we use the best external published data we have, we stay close with the module manufacturers and people down the value chain. And try to use the best information we can get in order to forecast. Now the second quarter of last year was a very strong year. I mean there was lot of over production in hindsight in that second quarter and that' why the cost this year were stating that in the second quarter that's going to be off some 15%, the module production will be off 15%. Worse we are forecasting the PV installed will be flat for the year, and so what that it means there has to be some progression coming through the year and it will improve in the third quarter and improve again in the fourth quarter, so Dave Miller who leave that businesses have some of the best data and in this area that I have ever seen, and we stay very close to it because it is as we said bumpy and that all indicators are now improvement through the second half of the year.
Ellen Kullman: Well if you remember Duffy, the second half of last year was quite slow in the industrial market. And so those are markets will start there that we believe where we will see slow sequential improvement on so if you take a look at automotive being flat in the first half of the year being up 4% in the second half of the year, it's going to have a positive impact not only in our safety and protection business our performance power in those business and also our chemical and floor product business. If you think about US housing, US housing continue to build if you think about TiO2 reaching that bottom and from cyclical standpoint and starting to get back to GDP type of growth in the second half of the year, and a lot of these are predicted on what we're seeing, you know, one of the drivers is industrial production only 1% growth and industrial production in the first quarter and our economists and others that I [read] they're sticking with 2% and 2.5% for the year. So we need to see that modest sequential improvement in the areas that I discussed, plus to continue delivery against our plans in agriculture, in nutrition and health and industrial biosciences. We have plan there very specifically led out quarter-by-quarter and must say need to accomplish and we think that's how those numbers forecast being what you said.
Ellen Kullman: Right, I do think it seems like automotive production, it's down 1% globally so although we saw great up vying growth in China, we saw negative growth in Japan and Korea. And so going from flat year-over-year bill to plus 4% in the second half of the year is one of the key. I think that if you think about general industry you think about all of the areas that are going on up there, whether it's in aircraft production or in industrial side motor transport, if China does continue with their stated objective where they tend to go out to module installation in their infrastructure and things like their transportation sector which impacts us versus safety and protection and performance material we'll see enough lift in the second half of the year. And I think that's why I am cautiously optimistic. We've lot of external signs, we're starting to hear things through our value chain, we needed to that reflected it's so early in the year but I am cautiously optimistic 
Jim Borel: Sure. First of all, as you know, what matters to a farmer is a product that really performs and has the kind of flexibility and yield performance that they're looking for so. So, the agreement with Monsanto is a nice addition, it gives us additional product options and additional modes of weed control to be able to offer, and we expect that plus the stacking flexibility will help enable us to make even better performing products that will give more value to customers over time. So I think overall we feel really good about the opportunities that it allows us to pursue.
Jim Borel: Sure. First of all, even at that price, farmers are still incented to maximize yield. In fact you could say yield becomes even more important at a lower price. Technology adoption is still going to continue and that's a big piece of what drives price, and we should see in that scenario a benefit on COGS, so as long as we stay in a range that's profitable for farmers even the lower prices is not necessarily bad, it is still incentive to maximize productivity and that's where we hope farmers do.
Jim Borel: We had some one time things last quarter that weren’t there this quarter in the way of sales that showed up another income Jeff.
Jim Borel: First of all, as I mentioned we’re seeing great demand based on the performance last year and so we have big supplies, demand are strong, we have big supplies to fill that, it will see where it ends up as the season progresses. In terms of ultimate peak, we haven’t sized that but this generation is really aimed at areas that are particularly water stressed in the western Corn Belt. And so it’s aim that fairly targeted area. There is some upside as well in Europe that we’re starting to introduce it in some early interest particularly in France.
Nick Fanandakis: Hey, Brian this is Nick. I think when you look at what is going on in the TiO2, it's really playing out very much like we had anticipated. The destocking from our customer inventory levels that's at a normal basis now, so that is done. I think there is still some inventory levels from a producer side based on published data that's out there that suggests that that still has some work to be done, but it's moving in the right direction and it's in line with the statement when we say that we believe things will hit that stable normal level by the end of the first half of this year. 
Nick Fanandakis: Yeah, thanks. We've looked at Don changing our reporting system simplifying our report system, so we're no longer cracking inventory streams all the way through the chain to the consolidated level. Obviously, we though we continue to analyze this in depth at the plans where its more impactable with the data. You talk about TiO2and raw material cost there. Our ore cost are higher due to some of the legacy contracts expiring, but we're still very much in an advantaged position when you look at us versus our overall competitive base largely driven by our technology and our ability as we've said many times to consume the lower grade ore as well as higher grade ore to make higher grade TiO2.
Nick Fanandakis: The ore isn't going to be the major driver on the costs. If you look at the total company, you're probably looking about 3% to 4% range on rose.
Nick Fanandakis: Yeah, that’s North America it’s larger impact. In Europe what we are seeing is its cold and wet so as it relates to see some of planning’s are delayed a little bit in terms of Crop Protection some of the winter crops some of the early sprays that where have been going on late in the first quarter haven’t gone, we'll see how the second quarter, how the season develops as we go into the second quarter. So but North America was by far the larger impact.
Nick Fanandakis: Yeah. We’re expecting to be through that during the second quarter as I mentioned and so as the second half progresses we should - that should larger be behind us.
Nick Fanandakis: Well, I will not comment on pricing per se, I'll comment on the market dynamics as a whole. And as I said when you look at the published data that’s out there around inventory levels, it would suggest that this probably still may be around 10-15 days of excess inventory at the producer level versus the normalized sort of state. And I believe that excess can be brought back in line by the end of the first half of the year or the second quarter. There is already been tremendous progress made in this area of moving producer level down towards the normalized level that I spoke of.
Nick Fanandakis: Good. Hey when you look at the balance sheet, you're right we did reduce our debt level. Our net debt went from a year ago March $11 billion reduced about $4.5 billion this March largely driven by the proceeds from the DPC sales as well as productivity gains that we continue to drive in the company. Our target here Frank is pretty clear. We want to maintain a strong balance sheet, and I define that strong balance sheet as the AA2 rating. When you take into account as the credit rating agencies do the pension, the unfunded pension portion and you include that in product you're adjusted net debt calculation with the changes that we see now in our balance sheet and strengthening now with the proceeds we come to that position where I feel more comfortable around that AA2 sort of rating. That obviously gives us a strong balance sheet with the flexibility to do things that we find could be creating additional value whether that be acquisitions or capital projects et cetera. Keep in the mind - Frank keep in the mind we just did complete the $1 billion share buyback or will complete it end of this month.
Nick Fanandakis: Well, I have an ongoing program around here buyback that handles anti-dilutive effect and I still have $1.7 billion from board authorization that's available to me on that program.
