Edward Breen: Great. Thanks, Howard. At the close the call, I want to take a moment to acknowledge Andrew Liveris and recognize his more than 40 years at the company and 14 years as Chairman and CEO of Dow. Andrew was a major architect of our deal and has been a strong partner in the past couple of years as we navigated a very robust antitrust approval process and ultimately made our vision of a merger of equals, with the setup of the subsequent spins a reality. I appreciate everything he's done to help deliver the value of this transaction, and Andrew on behalf of everyone on this call and all our shareholders thank you. With that, let me turn it over to Neal to open it up for Q&A.
Edward Breen: Hi, T.J. It's probably a little bit early at this point to be calling pricing. I mean, as Howard noted in the update, we're starting this season behind three to four weeks or so behind. We've got good visibility on our year-over-year same bag tag pricing, and as we've always said, we're about flat with some real benefits from mix coming through as we continue to launch newer technology, A-series, soybeans ramping and also continuing to include some of the new line-up in our corn products. So I'd say, overall, mix is really driving value for us, and it's still pretty early in the season to understand what kind of final pricing is going to look like. Will it get competitive? I expect that it will be especially from - as we start to maybe navigate through any shifts that could go on here between corn and soybeans. I have to say based on what we saw last year with A-series soybeans and what we're seeing with our order book this year I'm feeling pretty good about where we're sitting around our soybean shares in North America. So again, little early to talk specifically about that, but where I sit today and what I can see going forward, I feel pretty good about it.
Edward Breen: Thank you for the question. We will talk more about that in the August, September time frame when we announce further management positions in the company. But I want just to go back to my comment, make it very clear, I will be actively involved even after the spins.
Edward Breen: Yes, thanks for the question. You're right. If you just think about the timing of when they announced their fiscal year versus ours, in our results is part of what you would have recognized in their results, they lower safrinha acres that we saw in Latin America. You see that kind of fully in ours plus, you see this real shift in North America. And that's primarily driven by the differences in our route to market approach, recognize a lot of the amount of the other competitors seeds are pushed out to retail. And so they will book a sale and the revenue of that transaction much earlier in their cycle. All of ours - most of our seeds, especially the pioneer branded seed is sold direct to growers. So we recognize the revenue and shipment. And you heard Howard talk about that recognitions. One of the service models that we offer is the fact that we can deliver seed right to the grower as they are firing up the planter and get the field ready to plant. So we'll sometimes deliver seed within days of their planting. So you see - normally you would see a shift in where our revenue falls versus others. So this year even particularly more dramatic as the season really shift. You'll also see that in some of the guidance we talk about for second quarter where we're going to be up in kind of the low 20s percent range. So we pick all of that up and the reason I'm confident about that is I've got good visibility of that order book, right. I have invoices from growers, I know what those shipments are going to be. It's just matter of physically shipping all of those products.
Edward Breen: Jeff, your second question about SmartStax, you know, we continue through the agreements that Dow previously had to be fully enabled with SmartStax and our teams are thinking through - the different constructs that are available to us now that the different line-ups that we'll have to offer and you'll see more of that as we launch our plans for 2019 and 2020 both in the Northern Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere. So stay tuned for that.
Edward Breen: Look, things feel really good right now. We have strength virtually in every end market we're serving. The only one that was a little bit soft on this quarter was the construction market and it was totally weather related in Japan and in the US. If you look at our guidance for the second quarter, we see a significant pickup in Safety & Construction as you can see here high single digits on the sales line and mid 30s on the EBITDA line, so it was going to be a very strong quarter. So that was literally the only one was softer that we thought that was literally driven by that. You see us digging right out of that right away. So in the first quarter, just to rundown some of the specialty for you, probiotics grew 30%. Pharma grew 18%. As you know we're very excited about pharma because we took the businesses together from FMC, Dow and DuPont and we really have a solid position there now. Semiconductor was up 10%. One I'd like to highlight is auto where we've been running for three years way above auto builds and our growth this last quarter was 8% on an average. All through 2017 it was 8%. So, you can clearly see because of electrification and light weighting we're just getting more content into cars and we see that demand continuing. So long story short if everything holds up where we're seeing it, we're feeling very solid going into, obviously, the second quarter with the guides we're giving and just go into the second half of the year. And as Jim Fitterling just got on talking about the cycle in the business and how it feels, it's a really good feeling now. In fact, it's amazing the stock market in the last 60 days especially with large stock versus where we feel things are and all it's the biggest disconnect I think I've ever seen in my career. That is what it is, but we're worrying about running the business. Demand feels good. And as I said I'm highly confident we'll hit consensus and you can take that how you guys want.
Edward Breen: And just to talk in the Ag business, just use the example of Brazil ships more the soybeans into China. We will take up the slack because the global demand is needed. In fact last year there was more consumption than there was production. So everything that's being made globally is needed. And by the way most of the soybeans are made in Argentina grown in Argentina Brazil and the U.S. So our demand in the U.S. if something happened would start going into markets like Vietnam Indonesia Mexico Turkey, which have been bigger consumers than actually growing consumers of soybeans.
Edward Breen: Yes. And just to wrap that up of from a specialty standpoint, we see no impact there. Our biggest business in China is in the electronics area and we're pretty much all locally sourced in the market.
Edward Breen: Yes. Thanks, Kevin for that question. Look, we have a high return on invested capital opportunities in front of us, what I would call, incremental size investments not anything like the magnitude of what we did in the Gulf Coast and Sadara. Although, those incremental opportunities in plastics would add up to a similar amount of peak capacity and much less capital. We are able to do all that within our D&A levels in Materials Science. So I think that's very positive. We have some growth in all of the segments. So in Consumer Solutions and silicone, you're going to see some need for some additional capacity both for my business and for Mark's specialty downstream business. You are going to see that in Polyurethanes and our assistance business, which has been growing double digit. You are going to see some de-bottlenecking in Industrial Solutions in our EO Derivatives business, which is not had a lot of capital added over time. And I think you're going to see continued good strong growth, the value creation and high free cash flow coming out of those businesses.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks. Well, nothing is changed. Let me just walk through, first quarter obviously, we have very a strong quarter, and we're above our guidance and above consensus. I think you could see when you model out the second quarter, it's a very robust quarter across the board in all three divisions. And when you model it out, I think you'll see that both on sales and on EPS and EBITDA we're nicely above consensus there by three or four percentage points. So the first half of the year is racking up really nice and you could tell from all our comments that our end markets across the board are feeling robust to us. And I just say for the year, look it's early in the year. We'll probably give more guidance update next quarter on the year. But I am highly confident we will hit what's out there in consensus for us - for this year.
Howard Ungerleider: One of the other points that we're going to do, both new Dow and new DuPont will stick with the same fiscal year that we now have, which is basically the calendar year. But we're going to move the Ag company to a fiscal year like the competitor you just mentioned, where it's a September one start to the end of August. And what that will do is it will get the planting seasons all aligned in the same quarter. Right now, as you can see, what happened this quarter, our shipments happened in the second half of March beginning of April and there could be a major swing. And those will be in the same quarter then. So we won't have that issue and I think it just makes things a little bit clearer. So you will see a shift to that fiscal year on Ag.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Well, look on specialty the short-term obviously is we're getting the synergies and we've got a much bigger number now because of the portfolio shift that we did putting all the light businesses together. So obviously, we've been very, very focused on that and feel very confident we are on track with all of that. The second big real focus area just to kind of put them in order here is, we have a lot of growth synergy opportunities as we highlighted on the call in SpecCo. So the teams are very focused because they are all high return opportunities kind of within our control safer to do, don't require a lot of excess money to be spent. So a big focus in that area and it's in literally all four of the different divisions of spec co. So we really put a lot of effort into that over the last few months and then we just did this with our board the DowDuPont board and we did it with the advisory board of spec co. We've really laid out a two to three year plan of what we want to do with the portfolio. So they are already well versed on it and yes you're correct. We do have some businesses we would like to exit and get the cash for those and redeploy it in higher growth areas and we have that very defined at this point in time and it is about up to 10% of the portfolio. And we have real opportunities we know we want to shift the spending into in these other areas of high growth that we are talking about. We will be doing some of it this year but the bulk of it we will do right after we do the spins of the company because our teams are so busy now in IT tax rate that we need the same people to do some of this. So you'll see us fuel our groove this year and then clearly there's all kinds of optionalities we've talked about in this portfolio and whatever's best for creating shareholder value we're going to definitely take a look at it. And we've already talked to the board about some of those potential opportunities that we need to study with them during the next six to eight months.
Howard Ungerleider: And I think the other thing Arun that you got to consider is we delivered that strong first quarter. We had some wintertime planned outages in the first quarter. So probably cost us 65 million on the material side in first quarter that we're not going to have in the second quarter. We've got some higher turnaround in the second quarter but we've got more plant capacity coming on and plastics through the year. So our view is things are very positive this year. I think are people confusing what's happening financial market with what's happening in our real end markets, so our real end markets are strong.
Howard Ungerleider: Jonas, I'll just add one more thing. For the actual products that we sell into China as you know our seed businesses locally sourced essentially 100% with JV partners in China. And on the crop protection chemistry sales about half of our sales today are locally sourced. And the others are brought into country and those are essentially already placed in country for the remainder of 2018 and already for a part of 2019. So from a product cycle we are also in pretty good shape.
Howard Ungerleider: Peter, this is Howard. I mean I think the only thing I would add a couple of points we'll get the Form 10s out in the fall as well. And I would respectfully disagree with the thesis this is two year old story. I mean, we are focusing on delivering results whether it's volume growth, pricing growth, cost synergies are hitting the bottom line. We've got new assets that have come online that are hitting the bottom line both in the materials division and in the specialty division. And the Ag is a shift from Q1 to Q2. So the businesses are all performing at or above their market comps.
