James Fitterling: Hi P.J., this is Jim. As the prices rise, I think it leads -- long-term it leads to a constructive environment for us but in the near-term there are sometimes a lag between the pricing movements and downstream products and what happens in our cost position. Look, we're always looking at what we need to do on hedging and taking advantage of what we can with our physical, as well as our financial positions and we'll continue to do that. Most of that exposures you rightly mentioned is going to show up in materials company, I think probably on a 18-20 basis, this probably shows up mostly in materials company. And so we're continuing to drive that look from our seat.
James Fitterling: John, this is Jim. As far as the physical de-integration what I would say, we announced the portfolio changes in the first/second week of September; we've done a lot of work with obviously reinforcing [ph] the employee population that will be part of that and going through the notifications on that between now and the end of the year. We've also done all the work on the financials so you've got the financial reporting, that's in the numbers in the pro forma as it's shown there today. As far as physical separation, i.e. spending money or looking at facilities and that, that work has not started yet but that is on our radar screen. And Mark's teams and our teams on the silicone side are working well together, so the businesses that are going to receive those businesses have already been in contact and they are making great progress in this 45 days since we announced that.
James Fitterling: Yes. So through the third quarter, Plastic obviously has been running strong through the year. Through the third quarter we got all of the liquid -- the chemicals assets up and that supply chain ironed out, and so you're starting to see product move. You didn't see the full capacity of the chemicals business in the third quarter, I think you will see us hit that rate in the fourth quarter. We've got a lot of the supply chain full and we've got all of the terminals and tanks operating now around the world to get that moving. So you're going to see an improvement year-over-year. We're right on-track with what we guided you to earlier, Plastics is starting to see a tailwind from this; performance materials, and now industrial intermediates and infrastructure is seeing a little bit of a drag year-over-year but it's more positive than we expected it to be. But I think as we move into 2018, you're going to start to see both of them become positive year-over-year. I don't have a plan number or dollar number to give you at this point but I think you're going to see a step-up improvement in both of them.
James Fitterling: Yes. Frank, I think on Mat Co, look, I would just echo what Ed said. I think there are no market reasons for us to take anything down, there might be some strategic reasons as we look at the footprint that we have in the new company and how many locations that we have to support around the world. So sometimes when you get into some downstream assets or some opportunities, the combined locations and move an asset or do something of that nature and we're taking a look at that. And we've also -- like on the specialty side, done a lot of things over the last 18-24 months to get ready for the merger and to get ready for this next step. So I don't think it's the biggest driver of what we're doing here.
James Fitterling: Great, thanks. You're right, as we think about growth synergies, clearly we have a pipeline of products that were already kind of loaded into our base plan but you take some of those offerings and then you drop them into a much more expanded channel access; so one of the great examples of that would be either the Enlist E3 technologies or the Conquesta [ph] technology. So going into that, that Dow ever since as [indiscernible] had one set of market shares, now you open up the channel access from the pioneer brand as well. And then, as we start to think about this whole multi-channel multi-brand strategy that we've talked about before, we've got this opportunity now to have a much stronger retail offering that we just haven't had; our pioneers, route to market has been more of a direct route than where it will now be able to take more of those genetics and put them in bags and sell them through retail. So that's kind of a North America view yet, contested to that we start to talk about the opportunity that we now have in Latin America with some things we're doing with background genetics, it's that expanded access and that broader route to market that really drive a lot of those growth synergies. And that's a seed kind of comment but the same on chemistries. Our companies were -- we have different strengths in different markets around the world to take the combined team that we now have in China, we feel really good about our ability to launch products like [indiscernible] the new right service side that we have there, you think about the knowledge and the intensity that we've had in the insecticide markets over the years, now with expanded opportunity with [indiscernible] in the hands of a broader team in these specialty markets, that's another source of those growth synergies.
James Fitterling: Yes, I would just say our numbers and our analytics say, I'll just use plastics as an example. You're talking about in a 3% GDP plus type of an economy, you're talking about 3.7% demand growth, maybe 4% demand growth and about 4.1%, 4.2% capacity growth. And by the way that's what it looks like for the next couple of years, so I think from now the 2022 -- our outlook is, we're in a pretty constructive environment for demand growth in the plastics segment. Downstream demand continues good and we're trying to compete more in the higher end of that market segment. Polyurethanes is growing at probably 1.6 times GDP right now, and so although there is capacity coming on, there is pretty good downstream pull and demand growth there, very diversified markets for that business and we're seeing steady demand there. So I agree with you. I mean these moves that they're talking about making now will take five years to materialize, and if they come on at that rate we're in a very different market environment from an oil and gas perspective then.
James Fitterling: Peter, this is Jim. Look, I think it's always helpful for us to be on the ground selling, we've got to build good relationships with the customers and I'll just use Sadara as a great example. You know, there is a plant that comes online, 26 plants and everybody expects a giant wave of material to come out; as we've said, there are literally more than a thousand customers for those materials in 60 to 70 countries that have been qualified all over. So it isn't like all this material is going to one place in the world, that global reach and presence is something that both Dow and DuPont have and actually when you look at all three of the divisions now, they all have feet on the ground in those market segment and they are all used to selling value and pulling that demand through the distribution chain. I don't see that changing in any of these models.
James Fitterling: On the product end, and I would say it's not just plastics but all the products have the ability to meet the specs of our global customers and they've all been qualified already at those accounts. So there is no issues there, they won't see an issue, and what they see actually is another source of supply which is a very positive thing for them. And as you know, when we put the deal together we had a locked-in agreement for those feedstock costs for a time period and that's still in place. So I think a lot of the moves you see happen in our go-forward basis and that would be for new projects and new capacity.
Edward Breen: [Technical Difficulty] that's down $5,000 from $234,000 that originals released it, $233,000. You know, you have to go back to the bell bottom area to see numbers this low. Continuing claims 1.8…
Edward Breen: Yes, please and my apologies. We had a little bit of a technical difficulty. We'll start the call again. We also will go past the top of the hour to make sure we make time for plenty of Q&A. So Rachelle, if we could go back to Vincent's question, that would be great.
Edward Breen: Vince, you're not the first one to ask that question. But let me start out by saying, look, I'm really pleased with the portfolio moves that we just made because we add substantially to the nutrition and health division. And you can see just from a revenue standpoint, it's the leading nutrition and health company in size and scale in the global market at this point in time. And as we mentioned earlier on the call, I'm really excited about the pharma focus we will now have, DuPont's been breaking into that market, we've been spending R&D against that and here comes the Dow portfolio and the FMC portfolio which combined really give us the leading presence in that market. So I couldn't be more pleased overall with where we are in full in that part of the portfolio. I would add one other point and I get directly to your point or your question; there is portfolio cleanup we're going to want to do in the nutrition and health business, so you'll see some quarters where our growth might not be as high, you noticed in our guidance, our fourth quarter growth will be very nice in that business but there are some commoditized area we'd like to exit our way out of and really reinvest more in the growth part of that portfolio as we move forward. So we've got work cut out there but that's very good for our shareholders overtime. And look, the way I would answer it is; the Specialty portfolio is a great set now, it's for very solid divisions and we'll have all kinds of optionality sitting in front of us at this to how we want to handle that and our goal at the end of the day is to create long-term sustainable shareholder value and whatever the best path is, we will certainly take a look at that and pursue that. You're absolutely right, the multiples you see in that industry are 16 to 18 to 19 times which is above what even the specialty company would trade at. We'll see how things trade, what they look like and we'll always look to optimize shareholder value out of it.
Edward Breen: Jeff, on the synergy piece; about 30% of that is more headcount related type actions and then you have a big piece in curves [ph] and facilities and all that that makes up the rest. I will say on the synergies, we now have the procurement teams working together and there is over 50 teams working globally in the procurement area on all of our contracts across both companies, and we were not allowed to do that until we merged the companies because of the guidelines that you have to follow. So the teams have had now 60 days of really intense work, and you've heard me say before, I think some of our upside opportunity is going to come from the procurement side because we only baked in $660 million out of the $3 billion from procurement; and the fact that the matter is, if you look at precedent type of deals and all and with the amount of spend we have between these two companies which is north of $35 billion, we should be able to extract some really good savings there. So I would say stay tuned on that one and we'll be updating probably on the next quarter where we're at on that piece. But again, both from the Dow division, the Ag division, the Spec Co division; we've all met multiple times already with these procurement teams and we're going to make good progress there.
Edward Breen: Remember, one of the key words that was highlighted when Andrew covered that was it's an initial buyback program. You can imagine how busy our DowDuPont Board has been with all the actions we've already taken, and one of the things that we wanted to do was get going again on share repurchase; as Andrew had mentioned, we were out of the market a fair amount this past year, year and a half, and we wanted to get going. And by the way it just so happened that both Dow and DuPont together had about $4 billion left on their share purchase. So we just said, look, let's get that going and get in the marketplace. What we will do now with our Board is go back -- you know, we've got to look at -- you know, as you said the cash flows, what's the uses of cash here but we do need cash short-term for the synergy work that's more front-end loaded than back-end loaded. But the fact that matters, we'll go through that study, we're right now in conversations with the rating agencies, we want to understand where we're at on that. Remember, they count a lot of things in debt that don't normally get counted in debt as you just look at it purely; and so we've got to take that into account. You know, the ratings where we want to end up at a BBB on the Dow tower, somewhere between BBB the high BBB something on Spec Co and A minus on Ag. So we know the framework of where we want to be, and then we can back into what our excess cash is as we go over the next year, year and a half. But just keep in mind, this is initial so we can get going on it.
Edward Breen: And as I mentioned, just add on to Andrew, that the capital spend for each of the three divisions will be at/or around the D&A level; so each three is going to do on their own and therefore an aggregate will be in good shape. So that will be helpful. And I would say by even with that 60% of that CapEx is a growth initiative CapEx and the others run and maintain; so we've got a nice balance for future growth in that plan that we've put together.
Edward Breen: Look, I've just come back from Saudi and I would tell you the moving parts scored a ramp up [ph] of huge, and so we made an announcement before the merger that we would be trueing up out participation post-spin and post-lenders reliability test. I would tell you that the operational side you can comment on, as well as of course talk about Texas 9 but just the moving parts called the partner has needed a lot of close engagement, we've been doing a lot of that and Jim and I have taken the lead on that. And Jim, you might want to comment on how the units are doing.
Edward Breen: Let me hit from more of the specialty side of the house, and actually little bit from the Ag side. Remember, here over the last year DuPont is shutting three fairly significant facilities, in addition by the way to consolidating footprint in Wilmington which is pretty significant. So, you know the announcement we're -- we've been in the mode of shutting down Laport [ph], totally exiting the location. We announced a few months ago the closure of Cooper River, totally moving that production to another existing facility which really leverage our overhead structure. And you saw an announcement out of us today that we're going to sell our Nevada, Iowa cellulosic facility. Again, we've proven out the technology will continue to work on some of the technology in that area but we just strategically with -- our focus now in specialty and everything we have going on and the growth initiatives we have, it's just not going to be core to our future to have that, so we're going to exit that facility. So there is just an example, there is three major moves occurring as part of this and of course there is many more in Ag just with the rooftops in local markets and all that that really add up into significant numbers but much smaller type locations. And maybe Jim Fitterling, you can comment on Mat Co.
Edward Breen: Yes, let me comment and I -- maybe Howard wants to add a few words to this. But -- you know, the shift is only because of the portfolio change. I mean, we're not only moving $8 billion of revenue over but remember, when you look at what we're moving over to align it properly, it's part of divisions in many cases of Dow; so it's very similar to what DuPont had to do to carve out not its Crop Protection division but like half the Crop Protection division which is a much more significant task. So we're doing that in multiple scenarios now on the Dow end and that carve out work, the legal entity work, harmonization of our IT systems is really the extra work we now have to do. So what we guided to today was 18 to 24 months; Jonas [ph], you're right, we originally said 18 to 24 before but then over ensuing months our team worked that down where we felt confident to tell you 18. We're kind of back at that point again, we're 18 to 24 and we'll update you as we go, the teams are working excruciatingly hard and nights and weekends trying to de-risk it and see if we can pull that data in some but nothing else to report there that lot of hard work and hopefully, we can make some progress.
Edward Breen: Yes, let me make one comment and I'll turn it over to Howard. You've got to take into account AG seasonality when you talk about sequential quarters; so just bear that in mind, you're going to have a real down quarter when you've got the up quarter. So putting that aside, how we're doing we'll talk about the rest.
Edward Breen: Yes, thanks. Clearly, we -- this market in Latin America as we talked about here in third and fourth quarter had some delays and it's overseeing some shift of the summer corn season, we'll also feel some shift of Supremia [ph], that has an effect on the North American markets as well as growers are -- they really sit back and they look at commodity pricing and planted acres. So where we're telegraphing it right now is that corn area in North America are probably going to be flat. Like for like, Bag C-tag [ph] pricing probably about flat. For us the opportunity is our product mix with the new technologies that we continue to bring into that market, continuing to upgrade our corn genetics, continuing to drive the adoption of our A-Series soybeans, continuing to ramp the roundup ready to extend technologies; all of those give us a little bit of a mixed uplift. And then, we faced some pretty aggressive replanted acres last year, so we'll have it more -- hopefully, we're planning for a more normal season on the replanted side as well.
Edward Breen: Yes, let me just give you a high level and maybe Jim And Mark want to touch on this. The high percentage of the gross energies are now going to reside in between Spec Co and Ag, especially because of the portfolio change, it really opened up a lot more significant opportunities because of the like end-markets as Howard just talked about. So that's the teams working on the bulk of them, but Jim why don't I turn it to you and you talk about Ag and then Spec Co.
Edward Breen: Peter, the other thing I would add by the way which is really important to these divisions going forward; a lot of the growth you're going to get out of us in the future is because of our innovation in new product pipelines. And so when you look at the 4% volume we had this month in 3% price, that's clearly above where the global economy is growing, and when you look at it in our Ag business, it's all about the pipeline. And by the way our results this past year being above the market dynamics and Ag was all about the pipeline and the new products and lapture [ph] that we talked about. And by the way, I'll just give you one other example in the transportation area, in the auto area; we're growing both, the Dow part of the portfolio and the DuPont above auto-builds because we're putting more content into the car whether it's electrification or light weighting of vehicles and those are very positive trends but that's really compelling us to continue our innovation, our R&D spend, and our launch of new products into the marketplace these next few years.
Edward Breen: Yes. Double down on that that we have that commitment from the Ministry of Petroleum. All agreements will be honored, all the new pricing structures are whenever they enact it which I think is imminent. I would tell you also the other big things that are did and it's well known in the kingdom and for that matter of the region, we really grab the last ethane allocation available which gives Sadara competitive edge but no other competitor in the region can now have. Most of that gas is dry though they are finding all the associated gas doesn't have much liquids, so it's a really important thing that we may able to put those agreements in place when we did and we'll have that tow-in for the next several years based on what Jim -- how Jim answered the previous question.
Howard Ungerleider: Jeff, this is Howard. Let me get the other two parts of your question. So first on pension funding; remember we still have the legal identity construct, so the Dow tower and the DuPont tower, so those pension funding in the expense will be in-line with where they have been in prior period. So from a Dow perspective, the funding is in that kind of $600 million range for the full year and we've funded that. On a DuPont tower basis, you're looking at a little bit of a tailwind; I mentioned in the prepared remarks that it will be about a $200 million tailwind in the fourth quarter and that will continue to flow through on the DuPont tower into Spec Co and Ag Co primarily into 2018. Finally on the cash flow, with the GAAP pro forma numbers you will see that in the Q that we published -- we expect to publish that early next week, you'll see positive GAAP free cash flow, positive GAAP cash from operations, both north of $1 billion. I would say it's not really an apples-to-apples just because of the way the merger and pro forma GAAP accounting works. What I would point you to is, if you look at the cash balance that both, the Dow tower and the DuPont tower have in the bank relative to same quarter year ago, it's up approximately $2 billion of increased cash, and that's the way I would at least breadbox [ph] out for you.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, I would just say that look this was the first quarter as Ed I think kicked off in his introductory remarks. First full quarter as DuPont is the fourth quarter, and so what we try to do is give you as granular a look by operating segment as we possibly can, we'll do more in the next quarter to give you our 2018 outlook but we feel really good about the third quarter results and that fourth quarter of 11% to 13% up on the EBITDA, as well as the growth in the top line of north of 7%, we feel really good about both of those numbers.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Bob. Look, what I would say is we've spent the full -- I would say, four months prior to the September 12 announcement on the portfolio realignment really looking at the entire enterprise with a clean sheet of paper. We started with market verticals, we started with what is like with like, how can we reduce our costs further, and how can we grow these businesses based on the market verticals faster. And I think we feel really good about the portfolio realignment that we put forward and we took certain businesses out of Dow Corning like Molly Code, like Multi-Base and a few others, and aligning it to the Spec Co segments based on the -- essential the four market verticals that and the segments that we're reporting. There will be some dis-synergies and we're going to have to deal with that, there will be some stranded costs, we're going to have to deal with that. But we're committed to doing it, and that the way we set up that portfolio that we announced in early September, mid-September was what we see as the most value maximizing risk-adjusted way to set these companies up for long-term success.
