Jim Snee: Good morning. The JOTS business, we still remain very pleased with that business, very pleased with the value-added growth that we’re seeing, just like we did this most recent quarter. Over time certainly we need to make sure that the supply comes in balance in the marketplace. We’ve talked a lot about lower poult placements, we’ve talked a lot about the need for reduced inventory in cold storage, and although we’re seeing those trends, they’re happening slower than we have expected. You’re correct - we are seeing higher breast meat pricing, we’re seeing a stabilized whole bird market which are very positive for the fundamentals of the business, but over the long term for us, it’s really about our ability to continue to grow the value-added business, and we believe the results that we’ve delivered in the third quarter are a very good indication that the business is healthy and will return to growth in 2019.
Jim Snee: That’s a number that’s very, very hard to predict. Clearly we’re dealing with a lot of projections that remain uncertain and volatile. There have been a number of announcements in terms of increased hog processing capacity, but in terms of what happens with the timing of that, that will feed into projections and into that volatility, so at this point it’s really hard to say.
Jim Snee: We’re in the midst of a planning process for ’19, and our early look into fiscal ’19 shows pre-tax growth. Obviously we’ll have more precise guidance for everyone on our November call, but as we think about all the different businesses, with refrigerated foods we expect to see continued value-added growth, we’ll have our deli division fully up and running, impact of the recent acquisitions, and clearly we’ll have the impact of the Fremont sale that we’ll talk to you more about on the fourth quarter call as well. Our GP business, the core business remains very, very strong. We’re seeing growth from Mega Mix, steady growth from Nutbutters on the core business but also on the innovation front, the pipeline is very robust. We have work to do to continue to stabilize CytoSport and contract manufacturing in that portfolio, but we think the outlook is very positive. We’ve talked a lot about the JOTS business, the slowly improving fundamentals, the growth in value-added, especially lean ground; and in our international business, we’re pleased with what we’re seeing in China. We know that we have some volatility in the fresh pork exports due to tariffs. So our early look into ’19, Ken, shows pre-tax growth and we know that there is certainly headwinds out there and unknowns in terms of the tariffs, and we’re going to battle through that; but yes, we do think we can grow pre-tax earnings in 2019.
Jim Snee: Eric, in the short term, it’s going to be essentially business as usual. We’re contracted to take all of the meat just like we do today for the first three years, and then over time we’ll have the opportunity to evaluate the business and make those decisions. But in that first three years, we are taking all of the meat off of the first shift just like we do today.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Rupesh. Given what’s happening in the marketplace, we’re talking a lot obviously about the volatility, whether it’s tariffs, market conditions. We felt it was appropriate to keep the range intact for the full year, obviously reaffirming that guidance. As we think about some of the things that could take you either way, on the high end if we see continued declines in input costs, if there is a sudden end to tariffs, if there is a rapid recovery in turkey. On the lower end, the flipside or the inverse would be true - if we see a spike in input costs when you think about hogs, bellies, trim, grain, or if the tariff situation worsens. But we believe that the midpoint is still very reasonable, and we thought it was very appropriate to keep the range where it is.
Jim Snee: Sure. Obviously it’s difficult since we’re dealing with markets. For the back half of the year, it’s about $0.01 to $0.02, primarily coming from our export business, our fresh pork exports. As we think about it on an annual basis, probably about $0.04 to $0.06, but clearly there is a lot of uncertainty. As you think across our business, the impact would be pork, steel, aluminum, but the majority of that really is being export related.
Jim Snee: Sure, good morning. We’ve put our supply chain in place earlier this year, led by Glenn Leitch, and we have kept Glenn and his team incredibly busy since that time, obviously dealing with all of the freight issues in the industry, evaluating our total supply chain. He was really the point person for the Fremont transaction, and we have got a lot accomplished in 2018, doing a lot of work around in-sourcing production, asset utilization, some automation, efficiency projects, and then we can’t forget the fact that we’re in the midst of building a new facility in Melrose for our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, and then a significant expansion for our value-added capacity down in Dold. We have kept that team busy. We are working for a perspective on 2019 and we’ll be able to provide you more detail on that in our fourth quarter call.
Jim Snee: I think it’s a combination of things. I mean, you’re going to have--who knows what’s going to happen with fuel prices. Certainly the shortage of drivers can impact rates. What we’re really focused on are the things that we can control, and I mentioned it’s the minimizing miles, maximizing freight, and really making sure that we’re doing the right things on an internal basis so that we can offset as much of that as possible. But we feel really good about the work that’s been done.
Jim Snee: That is correct. If you think about the transaction, what we are losing is the spread between the hog cost and the USDA composite value. That’s how I would look at it.
Jim Snee: Well, you’re correct that the margin is pretty good today, and what we’ve talked about is that historically, it’s less than 5% of refrigerated foods earnings, and in the current year, far less than that. We talked about a significant drop last quarter, about 25%, significant drop this quarter of 88%, and then really what the future holds in terms of how much comes online, what the timing is, it’s all projections and it remains very uncertain and volatile.
Jim Snee: I think the first thing is that you can’t look at the purchase price in a vacuum. The first thing is Fremont was not a full business like Farmer John, and then the price does not include any of the value-added assets. We’ve talked about some of the expenses that we’ll have in 2019 as we relocate those assets, but the price does not include any of that because we will retain that.  As Jim mentioned, the facility really is in need of significant investment to remain competitive, and in fact it couldn’t support both a double shift and value-added capacity, and so it does have the supply agreement at market-based prices, which we believe is a mutually beneficial agreement, and it’s consistent with our long term strategy and we’re excited. We really look forward to a long, successful partnership with WholeStone.
Jim Snee: Adam, I think it’s safe to say the value-added growth that we saw in the quarter was significant. I mean, to be able to offset that type of commodity profit decline of 88% tells a story of value-added growth. When you think about what’s happening with Columbus, we’re putting that deli sales division together to really leverage the strengths of the organization. The Columbus business remains very healthy and is going to be integral to the foundation of the deli division. The Fontanini business, also very healthy, and we’re now able to really leverage what the acquisition thesis was in terms of taking our food service portfolio into the Fontanini organization and taking that Fontanini portfolio into the food service organization, so that we really can--you know, over time we know that we’re going to see a sequential acceleration in that food service business.  I mean, we feel really good about what both of those businesses are bringing to the party, and they are going to play a key role as we continue to drive that value-added business over time.
Jim Snee: Yes, good morning Rob. I’ll take the bacon part and then we’ll let Jim take the commodity part. The bacon dynamics, we had a solid quarter on retail bacon. It’s obviously a very competitive category. I think the spreads have been positive, so really no issue there. In terms of the food service bacon dynamics, there was no fundamental reason why it was omitted. We’ve seen strong demand for all of our bacon items, especially Bacon 1, so the bacon category is very healthy for us. We feel really good about where it’s headed and are excited because we’re in need of the capacity that’s coming on line at our Dold facility. Very, very healthy bacon dynamics.
Jim Snee: Rob, I would add that we’re still in Q4 and so it’s hard to get a full year projection. We obviously saw a significant decline in Q2 and Q3, and the market is a little different in Q4. So again, we’ll be able to give you some better visibility as we wrap up the year, but I think it just speaks volumes to the volatility that we’ve been talking about over the last couple of years.
Jim Snee: We think, Rob, that we would benefit obviously from lower input prices on our business. I think the other issue is really what happens on the tariff front, and so there’s rumblings out there about some progress that is being made and if that comes to resolution, that could change the dynamics. But for us, I mean, we do certainly benefit from lower input costs across the portfolio.
Jim Snee: Farha, the team is hard at work at stabilizing that business. The big thing is what’s happening in terms of the C-store market and the ready-to-drink space, and we need to gain back lost distribution. We’ve talked about getting that consumer message right, and the team is working hard on that.  We also are pleased, though, with what’s happening in really the food, drug and mass channel. Our take-home Tetra Pak drinks are growing really, really well, our innovation is doing well, and so we expect in 2019 that we’ll see some stabilization in the business but there is still work to do around that brand. 
Jim Snee: Yes Farha, we were talking about earnings growth. We saw some of that in our third quarter, like we said, and we would expect to see that again in the fourth quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes, we’re making significant advertising investments in the GP business. The GP core business remains very strong, very healthy across the entire portfolio. The difficulty, the headwind really is--you know, we talked about contract manufacturing and then also that continued recovery of CytoSport.
Jim Snee: Thank you all for joining us today, and a special thanks to all of our team members for their efforts as we wrap up our fiscal year and successfully deliver on our key results. Thank you. 
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. First of all, we talked about the universal stock options. The universal stock options were issued in the third quarter, and that created a $4 million corporate expense. The other issue that we referenced was the tax study that we did. The tax study reduced our taxes in the third quarter by $8 million. There was a $2 million fee that exists within the corporate expense for that, and then we had generally higher employee expenses in the quarter.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, so as we’ve talked, we’re giving up that spread, but the margins in retail, the margins in food service we’ll still retain. We’re taking out the volatility, and we still believe that this creates the right mix of internally sourced primals and outside purchased primals. It also allows us to avoid a very significant capital allocation. If you think about the Austin plant, that was over $80 million and did not include the cost to double shift this plant, so the capital investment into Fremont would have been very extensive.
Jim Sheehan: I would add that we completed the integration of both Columbus and Fontanini. The other thing that we’ve talked about is that volatility of the market can create some noise between quarters, and if you take a look at the belly market, the belly market’s increased all during the third quarter and our pricing trails that increase. You saw a steep decline at the end of the third quarter in belly pricing, so that’s one of the reasons why we feel that there will be a strong finish to refrigerated foods in Q4.
Jim Sheehan: Right. The commodity profits were down 88% in the third quarter, and we discussed that they were near breakeven levels. The fact that Fremont is a single shift plant, it’s not as efficient as the Austin plant, which is a highly efficient double shift plant, that’s why the profits are less than the volume at the plant. I would say that it’s closer to $10 million a year than the numbers that you’re throwing out.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I’ll talk a little bit about the pork commodity. As we talked about last quarter, profits were down 25%; this quarter, they’re down 88%, almost to near breakeven. As additional capacity comes online, and we’ve talked about the additional capacity for a number of months now, knowing that WholeStone was also going to add additional capacity into this, it’s likely that you will see lower pork margins going forward than what you’ve seen historically. Historically, those margins have run about 15% of refrigerated foods, and that was all of the analysis that we made, lowering our harvest level, and sourcing the meat externally would be a favorable outcome. 
Jim Sheehan: That’s what we think Q4 will be, and we still think that we’ll be in the low 20s in 2019, probably that same range in 2019.
Jim Sheehan: We’re defining the commodity as the spread, the pork profitability margin along with some profitability that would include our commodity sales into the excess market, is what I would refer to.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. If you’re talking about the change in the tax rate because of the study, what we did was to reassess our fixed assets to see if we could accelerate depreciation into the time period that had a higher statutory rate.
Jim Sheehan: Right, it’s the--no, we reassessed that in the first quarter because the tax law took impact, had impact in the first quarter. You lower the amount that you can deduct in future years, but you reset that in the quarter. Your existing liability is reset at the time that the new tax rate is effective. Deferred tax is an ongoing change.
Jim Sheehan: As we’ve stated, we’re a net buyer of bellies and trim, and we utilize all of our ribs. We utilize 100% of the product coming off of Austin for value-added products. There are some excess products coming off of Fremont, and we’ve had our stated goal--as we’ve stated in the past, our goal is not to sell any commodity meat at all, so as we expand our production, for instance at Dold as we expand our Natural Choice product lines, those products will go into--those commodity products now will go into value-added products.
