Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Volume in the fourth quarter was 1.4 billion pounds, a 9% increase compared to last year. Sales for the fourth quarter were $2.6 billion, a 9% increase also. Excluding the impact of both the sale of Diamond Crystal brands and the Justin's acquisition, volume was up 14% and sales were up 11%. Net sales for the fourth quarter were $244 million, up 30% compared to GAAP net earnings last year of $187 million. Net earnings were up 22%, compared to non-GAAP earnings of $200 million last year.  FY '16 was a 53 week year, with the extra week falling in Q4. We estimate the impact from this extra week was between 1% to1.5% for the full year. Advertising expense for the quarter was $55 million, compared to $30 million last year as we continued to invest in our brands. Looking into 2017, we anticipate advertising expenses to be similar to 2016.  Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $35.4 million, compared to $34.4 million last year. Equity and earnings for the quarter was $11 million, up 41% compared to last year. The increase was a result of our strong results in mega packs with brands such as Herdez salsa and Wholly Guacamole performing well in the marketplace. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 33% versus 35.2% in 2015. For 2017, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 33% and 33.5%.  Cash flow from operations was $371 million in the fourth quarter, up 23% over last year. During the quarter, $145 million of short term debt was repaid. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $90 million, compared to $47 million last year. The increase in CapEx is primarily related to our new plant in Jiaxing, China and lean ground turkey expansion at Jennie-O Turkey Store.  For FY '17, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $250 million, compared to $256 million in 2016. Major projects for 2017 include the completion of our plant in China and numerous capacity expansions for value-added product lines. We will continue to invest capital to support our value-added products and improve food and employee safety.  We paid our 353rd consecutive quarterly dividend effective November 15, at an annual rate of $0.58 per share. Our Board of Directors approved an annual dividend rate of $0.68 per share, representing a 17% increase. FY '17 will represent the 51st consecutive year of increasing our dividends. Jim Snee and I intend to continue this longstanding policy.  We repurchased 1.2 million shares of common stock, spending $43 million in the fourth quarter. We have 13 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises.  As we discussed at our third quarter conference call, we're providing a total Company margin goal. Our goal for 2020 is to have our EBIT margin to be in the top quartile of our peer group. Today, the top quartile range is 15% to19%. The goal is consistent with our long term growth goals of 5% top line and 10% bottom line.  We experienced favorable input costs for the fourth quarter in many, but not all of our businesses. Key inputs such as hog and belly prices were down, compared to the fourth quarter last year. Trim prices were below -- were flat, beef prices were down. Corn and soybean meal prices were lower for the quarter versus 2015. Turkey breast meat prices were below 2015 during avian influenza.  We expect favorable hog and pork markets for 2017. The USDA is calling for a 3% to 4% increase in the hog supply in 2017. The majority of the new industry capacity is anticipated to come on line after the summer of 2017. We expect hog harvest levels at our Austin and Fremont plants to be down 1% due to one less week in the fiscal year.  Barring any unforeseen weather events, we expect favorable grain prices for Jennie-O Turkey Store in 2017. We anticipate turkey breast meat prices to be below 2016 levels. Going forward, we expect lower beef and chicken input costs for our value-added products. We also see comparable prices to 2016 for other key raw materials such as peanuts and tomatoes.  One area we're watching closely is the avocado market. The avocado market increased substantially in 2016. We're maintaining an adequate supply of avocados by leveraging our global supply chain. Overall, we're confident that the strength of our value-added products, recent acquisitions and favorable market conditions will provide Hormel another record year. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call. 
Jim Sheehan: We did provide a margin goal that is to be in the top quartile of our peer group by 2020. Currently, that margin range is 15% to 19%. We're currently in the third quartile of that group so to reach that goal we not only need to improve our own margins but we need to outperform our peers. 
Jim Sheehan: We're expecting hog prices to be similar to 2016 and 2017. We believe there's a balanced supply and demand of hogs in 2017, the USDA is estimating that the hogs will be up about 3% to 4%. The plants that are coming online are expected to come on line after the summer of 2017. 
Jim Sheehan: We think that we're well positioned. We're constantly looking at the supply needs that we have for our value-added products. The reason that we harvest hogs is to provide those raw materials for the value-added products so we're really balancing it with the value-added products that we need. 
Jim Sheehan: Yes, it's going to be a mix of all of those things, Jeremy. We know that we need improvements in our organic business. We will have M&A along the way and we're constantly reviewing our portfolio and if we have pieces of it that don't fit that are no longer strategic I think we've clearly established that we'll make the right moves there as well. 
Jim Sheehan: Well we focus primarily, Mario on hog prices and we see hog prices being similar to 2017 as they were in 2016 and 2017. The USDA is looking for an expansion of 3-4% and appears the supply and demand is in balance so we look at the hog Markets as being favorable as we go into 2017. It's important to understand that we're a net buyer of other commodities so we're impacted by some of the decreases in the other inputs, such as bellies and trim. 
Jim Sheehan: I'll do the math of our peer group we're number 11 out of 18 as we look at the peer group and we do have a goal to move that up over the years. We've done it in a fairly consistent but aggressive manner. We're focused on the use of cash. Dividends is one of the four uses of cash that we have. We certainly have been focused on acquisitions. We've made acquisitions over the last several years. We'll reinvest $250 million into CapEx in 2017 those are primarily to support our value-added businesses and we along with the dividend we also do some stock buyback. 
Jim Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan. I'll take that question. It continues to increase penetration of ground Turkey and the ground Turkey represents about 10-12% of the total ground meat Markets, we're competing well against the ground beef and we continue to see growth in that. We've expanded capacity for our ground Turkey business. 
James Snee: Sure. Well good morning, Rob this is Jim Snee. I think as we think about our refrigerated Foods portfolio we've got a lot of positive momentum. Our foodservice organization had a great year in 2016. We expect that to continue in 2017. Our meat products group with a number of their value-added items, bacon, party trays, Natural Choice, all performed extremely well this year so we expect that to continue and clearly those will all have a positive impact as we head into 2017. 
James Snee: Our pipeline on the M&A side is full and just as a reminder, we're looking for opportunities that are accretive to our overall portfolio, are number one and number two in the categories in which they compete. We want to make sure that we can bring value to the business, so I mean we start there but we made sure that they are aligned around our strategic growth areas of becoming more global, more multi-cultural items or brands that are more on the go and then of course this area of healthy and holistic. It's all about timing and getting some of them across the finish line but I would tell you that the pipeline is robust and full. 
James Snee: Sure, well good morning Jeremy. We feel good about all five of our business units, Grocery Products is planning to have a strong year next year organically in line with our 3% top line 6% bottom line goals, but then the addition of Justin's so we feel really good about the momentum that we have in Grocery Products coming off a very strong fourth quarter. Our Specialty Foods group with the work we've done building the Muscle Milk brand is showing impressive growth, as I mentioned earlier we do see strong value-added growth across a number of Refrigerated Foods portfolios and then we're well positioned we're back in supply with Jennie-O Turkey Store and so really believe that all five business units are going to be able to show very positive contributions as we head into 2017. 
James Snee: So on your first question, I mean for us we need to continue to grow our value-added businesses in all of our portfolios so we've been transparent that market conditions have provided some of the improvement in Refrigerated Foods but certainly not all of it. We've had a number of value-added improvements, some M&A activity in that space that's proved to be accretive and so those are the things that will continue to do across all of our businesses to move into that top quartile.  Your second question in regards to some of the capacity coming online post 2017, we have navigated through volatility and delivered earnings growth, 28 out of 31 years now and so as Markets change, clearly we know that we have to react and I think we've demonstrated that we can react that our business can react and deliver growth so we're watching all of it very closely. Jim’s assessment of the timing we believe it's the most accurate timing that we have and we'll take advantage of it while we can and then when market conditions change we'll act accordingly. 
James Snee: You know, as we've talked about all of our growth goals for each of the business units, we've had Grocery Products which is at throw and six organic and we do feel like we're well positioned with the success that we've had with Spam and Skippy and our air Des line of products to be able to deliver on their organic goal, as you mentioned the Jennie-O Turkey Store piece which we do believe we'll be able to exceed that 5% top line number, the specialty group we're going to have to anniversary the DCV piece but feel really good about the Muscle Milk business which is the driver of that organization. We see a return to our accelerated growth rates from our international business which is 10 top line 15 bottom line and so obviously Refrigerated Foods with the divestiture you're going to have a lot of moving parts there but as we go around the horn and think about all of our business units, we see a lot of momentum and feel really positive as we head into 2017 and we understand the deflationary piece you're talking about and there are some commodity portions of the portfolio that will react to that but so much of our portfolio is value-added that it's less impacted. 
James Snee: The five and 10 will continue to be the goals we set and we measure against but as you take the five and 10 we will increase our operational margins and I want to be clear that we're talking about not 15 and 19 in 2020. We're just giving you the range that we see the top quartile currently. 
James Snee: We'll continue to be focused on 5% top line 10% bottom line. We have as I mentioned a little while ago some business units that are three and six in GP and then 10 and 15 in international but those are the long term growth goals that will continue to be focused on and incenting our top management. 
James Snee: The acquisitions have been accretive to our margins and we see those acquisitions continuing to perform strongly in 2017. So they've been an advantage. 
James Snee: Yes, our team has done a great job. When you think about the portfolio, we have had ongoing success as a result of the Skippy acquisitions, the investments we've made in that brand, the distribution we've gained, the innovation we've had and if you go across that entire line, Spam had great performance as well. That's a brand that we continue to invest in. We think about our multicultural product offerings, our salsas and dips and again something that's resonating with consumers that's on trend and we did have a nice fourth quarter from completes as well so obviously as we head into the future some of the comps are probably a little easier but I do think that our team is continuing to figure that brand out that product line so we just feel good about the momentum we have in Grocery Products. 
James Snee: From a foodservice perspective, our team has consistently outperformed what's happening in the industry and they're doing that through their ability to connect with foodservice Operators by the salesforce, the direct sales for that we utilize, their ongoing innovation and really creating great solutions for operate res, so we expect that to continue. From a retail perspective it's the same thing. We understand what's happening with the consumer but the consumer is shopping many different parts of the store and I think the beauty of our portfolio is that no matter where they go in the store if center store or on the perimeter we've got a full offering of products to meet their needs and I think that really set us up for strong future growth. 
James Snee: This year the story in China was really the higher input costs and as we head into 2017, when we get past the Chinese New Year, we're forecasting a decline in that raw material market and so it wasn't a story of volume in China. The retail business got off to a slow start but it rebounded, our foodservice meat business was strong throughout the year, it really was more about the input cost and the tightening of the margins. We expect to get some relief after the Chinese New Year so we would expect to continue the volume growth and then have margin expansion as well. 
James Snee: I think it's the continued growth of the value-added product. The moving of the value-added product up what we've referred to is the value ladder taking into higher levels of margins. Clearly acquisitions are a part of our strategy. We've sold out some businesses that were on the lower end of that range so I think it's the focus on improving our operating margins across-the-board. 
James Snee: Certainly. We're constantly looking at leveraging our capacity and finding the correct capacity utilizing the capacity in the optimal manner, continuous improvement as a focus of all of our plants taking cost out of the system as a focus of our operations every day so we're constantly focused on taking cost out whether it's through cost reductions or efficiencies in the operations. we made movements with a few plants now where we optimize other capacity and have been able to eliminate some excess capacity to improve the efficiencies. 
James Snee: Well thanks, Ken. This is Jim. I think you hit on it right. There's been a very logical strategic progression and we do expect to continue down that path. It will be supplemented along the way certainly with right M&A opportunities but fundamentally and I've talked about it many times in the past, is for us it really is all about this formula for success so it's investing in the right brands, it's making sure that we have the right innovation process, I mean we're challenging ourself with this increased innovation goal and then the strategic acquisitions aligned around our growth pillars and so it is a very logical progression. It's also a very disciplined progression and I think what Jim Sheehan described to you in terms of our focus on continuous improvement each and every day going our people are going to work saying how do I do things a little more efficiently, a little more effectively to take costs out of the system those allied up to that logical progression in getting us to that top quartile so appreciate your comments but I mean that's how we're going to get there. 
James Snee: No, we still have our harvest facilities here in Austin, Minnesota and Freemont, Nebraska on the pork side of the business. 
James Snee: In Freemont, I mean we own and operate in the Austin facility we have a third party relationship but that's in essence a pass through so we do have in our opinion we have two harvest operations, one in Austin and one in Freemont. 
James Snee: We need to watch that. Clearly we understand what's happening in that competitive set but again, our main focus is making sure we have the right products consumers are looking for and we've been through this before with ground beef pricing and so to use a comment from an earlier question is there's a logical progression here so this lien ground Turkey is connecting with consumers, Jim describes how it's growing in terms of its relative share to the grant meat market so we feel like we're well positioned. Will we be opportunistic where we need to be? Absolutely but the fact is we're in the right place, this is an on trend consumer product that we know is going to continue to grow. 
James Snee: I mean, I guess again, just going back to how we think about our business heading into 2017, we feel really good about the momentum we have in our Grocery Products division. Again Skippy has had a nice long runoff quarter-over quarter growth. Spam will show growth again in 2017 and then you referenced our foodservice business and again, great year 2016, poised for another great year in 2017, we talked a lot about our bacon one fully cooked bacon and the capital investments that we've made their support that business, so we feel really good about both grocery products and foodservice. 
James Snee: From a sales growth perspective, we see that being fairly consistent throughout the year, the earnings comp would be skewed to the back half and certainly, gaining distribution is tied to the plans that the retailers have so we'll continue to take advantage of that. I think again the underlying premise here is that our team is doing a great job, they are gaining distribution and it's a product line of lien ground Turkey that is squarely in the consumer need set and we feel really good about it. 
James Snee: Sure, this is Jim. I mean, I think the important thing when you're thinking about this is we have to absolutely remain focused on the long term growth algorithms that we've set for each of our business units so we talked about Grocery Products at throw and six and that's going to be a mix of organic growth and acquisitions. We're going to see the same thing across all of our business units, the other Refrigerated Foods, Jenny-O Turkey Store Specialty Foods, five and 10 and then we'll need international to return to their 10 and 15 long term growth algorithm. If we're able to deliver that and we know we will and we'll do it through abalones of organic growth, you referenced of value-added which is something we do each and every day and then also having the right strategic acquisitions that's the logical progression for how we get there. 
James Snee: I think our story of the markets ebb and flow and our history of delivering 28 out of 31 years of growth in some of the most volatile market conditions, there's a bucket to consider in terms of our ability to be able to weather unfavorable market conditions. Clearly you've hit it on the head that there are M&A opportunities for us as we head into the future. We've got as I mentioned earlier a robust pipeline of opportunities that we're pursuing and then I think the other thing we have to remember is you delivered the growth 28 out of 31 years but we also have a Management team that has 26 years of experience with Hormel Foods who are responsible for delivering those results, so as we head into the future, we're confident that we have the right people, the right products, the right processes in place to be able to get into that top quartile. 
James Snee: Yes, well thank you all very much for your participation today. Before we leave today, I would like to take this time to acknowledge our outgoing CEO, Jeff Ettinger. As we previously announced, Jeff retired as CEO effective on October 30. During Jeff's tenure over the past 10 years, the Company significantly increased revenues, net earnings, dividends and shareholder value. Under Jeff's leadership, the Company continued to focus on innovation while adding new brands & Companies into the Hormel Foods family. Brands like Skippy, holy Guacamole, Applegate and Justins. I personally look forward to working with Jeff and his role as non-executive Chairman of the Board. I also want to let everyone know we will be holding our in vast or day in New York on June 15. I'm excited to showcase our senior leadership team and take you deeper into each of our segments while also describing our plans for growing the business. You will see a Press Release soon. Finally, I just want to conclude this call by saying I am extremely proud of the excellent results our team posted this quarter and for the full year. 14 straight quarters of record results is truly an accomplishment. One of our seven cultural beliefs here at Hormel Foods is results matter. And I know our team is up to the challenge of delivering another record year in 2017. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I thank you for your participation and I want to wish you all a safe and happy Thanksgiving. Thank you for joining us today. 
