Jim Sheehan: First of all, the most important thing on pricing is going to be the ability to keep the plants running and the processing capacity and right now that seems to be happening. But there's great deal of uncertainty as to what plants are going to be had and the volume impact those interruptions will have. So that's the most important thing as you look at our quarter that can create the volatility that you've talked about. The other thing that's happening in the industry is that primals or items raw materials don't require additional processing are much more expensive than the less processed items. My example would be hams right now are running at about $35, but 72% trim today is 125. Normally, you would take those hams and you'd bone them because of that price discrepancy in the two items. And you'd bone the hams for trim, but right now it's hard to find the labor with the absenteeism that's in the plants to do that boning. So there's a quite a bit of diversity in the pricing of the primals right now. As far as hog prices today, hog prices are at about $39 says the western Corn Belt. And last quarter, our pricing for hogs were not far off of the average Western Corn Belt I think was about mid-50s 54 and 55 in that range. The only thing that was a bit above average for us were grain based contracts. And so, hog pricing for us is not out of line of what you're seeing in the Western Corn Belt. We're watching the input costs greatly and you're seeing the volatility. I mean, take a look at 72% trim. It was as low as $34 in the second quarter went as high as $145 in the second quarter. That comparison gets to $68 price today and it's at 125. You've got bellies that range from $41 at the low to 267 at the high averaged about 113. And it's dropped to $94, just the last week. So it's really hard to read the -- or estimate the primal values, raw material costs. But watch what's happening on the plant performance. Again, as I said before, if we're able to keep players both the industry and our plants running at about capacity, we think there'll be a moderation in both hog prices and overall primal values. Hope that helps.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ken. Regarding the debt, we do have some debt $250 million that matures in April of next year, so it's within one year. Obviously, interest rates are very favorable right now, we think that there will be an interest in Hormel in the market. So we think that those favorable interest rates will be passed on to us, if we decide to go out there. And as Jim said, we want to be well positioned for any opportunities that exist during this time period and as we come out of this time period to pivot and take advantage of those markets that may provide opportunities either new markets or existing markets where we can expand whether by building within that structure or acquiring.
Jim Sheehan: So in the second quarter, most of that cost came within JOTS and refrigerated foods. Our refrigerated foods had a little bit higher percentage and that had to do with some early interruptions and processing that we saw in a refrigerated foods and then it was followed later by some additional safety measures that we talked and to be very honest, we set a priority of employee safety and we didn't do a lot of negotiation when it came time to going out getting the protective gear or taking other actions we acted quickly. So that we could provide that assurance to our employees. As we go forward, I think that you're going to look at it as to the volume of operations and refrigerated foods and grocery products, we'll both see a portion of that expense, probably the highest footfall within refrigerated foods, then Jennie-O and then grocery products, if you think about it, roughly but it's a changing dynamic. That's what we expect right now, but with the uncertainty that's going on in any operations right now it could shift.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. I think I talked about a little bit earlier, the early read, probably by a lot of companies was that it was a stock up or pantry loading, but what we have seen is, again, not only the new households, but this strong repeat rates, the velocities are good. And then, even the new buyers there's a good new buyer repeat. And so, are there some brands or some categories perhaps, but I think our big brands, when you think about SKIPPY, you think about SPAM, when you think about Hormel chili, those items seem to be really clearing not only the retailer, but obviously the household as well. And so, what does that mean for later in the year? I don't know that it's as much about the brands and how much they have in the pantry as much as what happens with that consumer behavior, as food service perhaps starts to open up a little bit more, and is there a pent-up demand as consumers maybe don't want to -- don't want to be eating at home and they want to migrate to food service operations. That's the uncertainty that we're thinking about and talking about. But as far as the grocery products business and the lift in sales and the repeats, we've been really, really pleased.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. That's really hard to tell. I mean, obviously, we've seen a lot in the technology space, but people need to eat. So that's really kind of hard. That's kind of hard to predict.
Jim Sheehan: We've got obviously some unmeasured channels in there. And I think again, it would be better -- probably better if you guys do a nascent kind of walkthrough, maybe channel by channel just so you get to a better number.
Jim Sheehan: Well, the facility really had few interruptions during the quarter, we harvest at all of our contracted hogs. So our first obligation are to the producers that we have long-term contracts with and long-term relationships with. So, we have harvested on Saturday we take these decisions about when we operate the plants as to when it's best financially to operate the plants. There were periods of time when for instance the demand in food service was so far down and there was no reason at all that you would extend your processing capacity. So we've managed the plant at a very reasonable thoughtful way that we are not going to shortcut our long-term relationships that we have with our producers to harvest another company's hogs.
Jim Sheehan: I said a little while ago, I mean, I think there's almost been a pause in that activity. And so it's really hard to make a statement around valuations just because we haven't really seen the activity, the e-valuation process that we're going through, is active and consistent, but really wouldn't be in a position to make a comment on valuations as of yet.
Jim Sheehan: Jim, the one thing that I would point out is that many of these costs are industry costs, and will be every participant in the market are going to have these types of costs. The other thing is, we have to have time to build efficiency around some of these things. We've been reacting to putting the fires out, let's say, and as we have more time to look at line speed and social distancing, and the costs around those we'll be able to build efficiencies into the model. So what we're trying to do is to analyze these expenses that were just short-term expenses and to some degree to have to be absorbed, And then building a more efficient process with the way that we will have to operate in the future, and we will certainly be able to do that. But right now, we're just reacting to the changes will get better as we go through.
Jim Sheehan: So I think one way to look at it is as we move especially around food service into a more user convenient products, that's going to add value both to Hormel and to our operators. And that clearly seems to be a shift that's going to happen in the food service industry where there'll be less desire to touch those products. And when you think about our Bacon 1 and some of the other products we offer, those have nice margins on our side, and offer the opportunity for the operator to expand their margins to so we think that's a win-win opportunity.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, we're quite pleased with the quarter that JOTS had, really good work, coming off of -- coming out of our first quarter call, we talked about what they had done in distribution and really what they've continued to do, especially on lean ground turkey. They've been able to really move through some of that inventory, because we've had -- the business has been driven across the entire portfolio. So whether it was retail, whole-birds, commodities, it's been a really, really good mix of products that have put them in a great position in the quarter. In regards to some of the actual harvest volumes and some of those questions, we'll have Nathan follow-up with you on that, that level of detail, but just overall really strong demand across many areas. Good quarter for JOTS.
Jim Snee: Thanks Heather the question. Our food service business was off to a great start this year and in the quarter. We saw some really strong growth through mid-March. And then a sharp decline through the end of quarter, we talked about business being down 21%. And as we think about the channels where we compete, we have a very balanced food service business. And so you think about lodging, colleges, universities, K through 12, midscale casual chains, really, really nice balance. When you talk about QSR, if you're talking about traditional burger chains, probably don't have a lot of business there. But if you think about locations that still have drive thru business available to them. We have quite a bit of business in that channel, if you want to call it that. And so very balanced model across food service and as we're starting out the third quarter and we talked about, it's early, we're seeing some demand pick up. The part that is really hard to read at this point, we'll be watching closely. Is that pipeline fill or is it true consumer demand, so we're certainly not spiking the ball. We know we're going to have to watch it closely over the weeks and months ahead, but from where we sit, we feel like we're well positioned. We talk about our direct sales force that's able to pivot and get out in front of operators as their world has changed dramatically. The products that we've spent years and years creating Austin Blues, Fire Braised, Bacon 1, Cafe H, all so well positioned for this new environment. And so obviously, we got to watch what happens with capacity, patron comfort level, the speed and magnitude of rebounds. So lots of uncertainty there. But, when it's all said and done, we've got an amazing food service group that I know put us in a great position to win.
Jim Snee: Heather, I'll go ahead and take that one. I mean, I think the thing to remember, in our facilities, we don't own any of the harvest facilities. So as you think about our processing plants, it is a different business. And so yes, we do have some lines, some areas where it is hard to socially distance. Our team has done an amazing job putting in those enhanced safety measures and really meeting or exceeding CDC and OSHA guidelines. In those plants, I mean, we've seen some lines have to slow down. But I wouldn't say that it's anything that's going to have a dramatic impact on the business long-term, that the shorter term issue is as you do have more and more positive cases and you get some absenteeism, that's the short-term issue that really is impacting the capacity in some of these plants. And so, we're in a much better place in terms of understanding how to manage through the process. All of our plants are up and running today. And really one of the keys as we've progressed through this pandemic is the fact that additional testing has really allowed us to maintain the understanding of what's happening and who's positive, who is negative, who has to sit out until can come back to work. So having more testing widely available is really been a great thing. And I think you'll continue to see that via a benefit as we'd like to maintain our operations.
Jim Snee: Sure. We've continued to see very strong dynamic, strong business in the retail channel, both in the center of the store and on the perimeter of the store. We've been really pleased with what's happened in grocery products as we've been able to add households, bring new consumers into the mix. I would say early on in the crisis, there was this view that it was all just stocking up or pantry loading. But over time, we've seen the velocity, we've seen a sustained demand. So we know that there's a lot of new buyers and stronger new buyer repeat percentage. So that has held up on the retail side of the business, both center of the store and the perimeter.
Jim Snee: Yes. Early on, I mean, we had our retail team collaborating with our food service team and where there were opportunities to repack products. We certainly took advantage of that, the governments eased some of the labeling requirements, which was a positive as we were able to move more products into the channel. But then, the demand was so great, we had a number of retailers who were less concerned about maybe the retail packaging and just wanting product available for shelf. So we started to sell food service packed items into retail channels as well. So it's really been a little bit of everything in terms of converting some food service lines into retail, moving food service product into retail, all with this idea of how are we helping retailers meeting the increased demand.
Jim Snee: It's a great question, Ken. When you say when you emerge, clearly you have to take out the next few quarters, just based on the uncertainty that we talked about and really the industry is talking about. From our perspective, we're thinking two plus years out and what we are really confident in is this balanced model that we've intentionally and purposefully built and talked about tirelessly over the last number of years. And it's so important, because it really allows us to meet the consumer wherever they choose to go. And so, in the midst of this crisis, obviously, you had food service operations shutting down so the consumer behavior was forced. But they had to choose perimeter, center of the store and we were there front and center, right? Center store perimeter, deli, ecommerce and so we feel really good about the balanced business model we've created. The other thing that we feel really good about is the way that we've been able to provide value, variety and versatility across this entire portfolio. And so again, as the consumer evolves out of this crisis where are they going to go with the number of unemployed Americans now, value is a more important certainly in the shorter term than it's ever been. And we're there. And then, if there is a consumer trend that emerges in a big way that maybe we're not competing today. This balance sheet that we talked about that Jim Sheehan referenced, I mean, it really allows us to quickly pivot and become competitive either by building or buying. And so we remain very bullish on our earnings power over the long-term as you would imagine, but I think there's some really good data and support behind why we feel so bullish. And so lots of great opportunities in the short-term, but we think we're well positioned over the long-term as well, hopefully, that's helpful Ken.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, I mean, it's a great question. But again, if food service does have a permanent decline where does that go, right? And so does it go to our grocery products organization? Is it going into more fresh meat? I mean that part is so real, really too early to tell in terms of what is the more permanent consumer behavior. We need to see that play out over time. I think what we're really trying to say is, no matter where it goes, we'll be there to be able to capitalize on it. I mean, our goal, obviously, is to maintain and return to the business that we have, because obviously we know that our food service business is very competitively managed. In terms of, what we talked about some of the short-term financial opportunities. I mean, clearly, we don't know what's going to happen as this crisis keeps dragging on. And so we just want to make sure, a) that we're well positioned not only for our existing business, but if opportunities arise to be able to quickly take advantage of it.
Jim Snee: Certainly. I think that's what you're seeing, as I said, you saw bellies at 267 during the depth of the decline in operations and now they're back at $94. And you're seeing the movement as plants come online and start to understand how to operate at this. At this level, you're seeing those prices decrease, obviously, those are market prices. Right now, we're not doing a lot of buying on the open market. The products that we're getting through our internal sources and our contracted sources are providing enough volume for us as you've seen the decline in the food service industry, the demand from the food service industry. Again, it depends on what items you're looking for as to how easy they are, a very bone and ham, you can find any place but again, that's you have to find an operation that has the ability to source if you're looking for trim. So it takes some work, but we've been doing this for a long time. We have a highly skilled staff that have long relationships and I think suppliers who appreciate operating with Hormel, so those relationships have helped us through this process. You've seen this in the beef industry where you have beef 50s that have been as high as 326. But as operations have come back online, there are 198. So it's something that you have to be skilled at, but it's something that we're able to handle.
Jim Snee: Again, it's early in the third quarter, but so far our retail business both center of the store and the perimeter is holding up and it's strong. I think from an inventories perspective, any inventory retailers have and any inventory that we add on some of the high volume items, those are pretty well cleared and you're dealing with all current production levels. Our IRI data is still really, really strong and we could share in a number of categories again both perimeter and center of the store. So really pleased about where the business is, the part that we've touched on in our comments that we're also really pleased with is our ecommerce business. We made significant investments a couple years ago. And we've seen those investments pay-off very strong growth, capturing share, not only brick and mortar but virtually. And we think we'll continue to see that as a growth engine as consumers continue to get comfortable shopping online, whether it's delivery or click and collect. So I would say retail business across the board in store ecommerce all really strong Peter.
Jim Snee: An add-on. I mean, just remember, the plant pauses started at the end of Q2, really, the majority that we've seen are in Q3. Jim referenced, the lower volumes, lower tonnages, don't forget that we've paid significant team member bonuses as well. So, the good news is right now all of our plants are up and running.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean from our activity level and how active we are. I mean, nothing has changed. I think the big change is what's happening in the marketplace is just a lot of organizations have really had to hit the pause button. So I think we continue to look at a number of different processes evaluate opportunities. But clearly the market itself is not as active as it was. So, when it's really hard to read when that will pick up. But I mean, we're continuing a very active process that we always have.
Jim Snee: Well, the USDA is expecting exports to be greater than 10% is what their outlook is. As we've had an interruption in operations, I think it's added some concern about whether we'll be able to meet that that level or not. But I think there's still a demand for pork from the United States to be exported ops. Political activity, I guess I'll pass on.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, Rob, I guess, we're not. We don't have anything that we don't want to tell you about any of our businesses. I mean, I guess our position is -- all of our grocery products, data, meat products, data, or retail data in general is really strong. So maybe we can help you do a better job of predicting, it might be worthwhile in your follow up call with me -- send to me, we get into a little more detail just so. So we understand, and make sure we're talking the same way. But, like I said, from a broader sense, our retail business has been really strong across the board.
Jim Snee: Yes. So I think as soon as we look out, I mean, we expect the demand for SPAM on a global basis to remain very strong. We also expect export demand for SKIPPY to be strong. We expect China to continue to improve, especially in the food service space. In China, the retail business really remained strong, with SPAM and SKIPPY and our refrigerated products both in store and ecommerce. So as we look forward that probably the biggest difference is that continual build of the China food service business which we expect to continue to improve as a march from their lockdown.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, I want to start with the really the first part around innovation. And what's been really impressive across our organization even though the fleet moved to working virtually, our innovation hasn't slowed down at all. Our team's done an amazing job being able to work virtually on the innovation process. In fact, I know it's a number that we usually report at the end of the year. But of course, we track it throughout the year. And we met our 15% innovation goal. And so the results that we're seeing are really, really positive and there's just lots of great innovation work being done not only in terms of the R&D process, but being able to get them out in the marketplace, having virtual products showcases virtual cuttings and innovations across the entire pipeline. So whether it's SKIPPY pepperoni, Natural Choice, happy little plants, I mean, you name it, the innovation work continues. In terms of repeat rates, again, SPAM has one of the highest new buyer repeats. And so a brand that's over 80 years old, as they said, it's probably more relevant today than it's ever been. The repeat rates for items like Herdez, Black Label Bacon, I mean, all really, really strong. So, again, kind of piggybacking on my earlier comments, just very pleased with the retail performance new buyers from new buyer repeat, in store et cetera. There's just a lot to feel really good about in there in the retail business.
Jim Snee: Right. I mean, I think the things will that won't be reoccurring over the long-term, right? So we have team member bonuses that aren't built into those numbers. I mean, over the long-term, we don't expect those to be recurring. We're suffering from some lower tonnage and plants. Right now, over the long term, we expect that business -- those businesses to rebound and so we won't have that part. But we aren't going to have, PPE costs. So, whether it's mask, face shield, putting up dividers in the plants to make sure that that there's that distance, that separation. And those things are going to be there on a permanent basis. And so, where we're at right now evaluating which of those costs are temporary and which are more permanent, that will need to be passed along. And so, this is, again, our number one priority has been to keep team members safe at all costs. As Jim said, we weren't negotiating prices. We're negotiating supply. And then, the second was to keep the product on the shelf, which we've done in an amazing way. And then really our third objective as we go forward is really understand what costs are permanent, what costs are temporary? So this is all a work in process.
Jim Snee: Jonathan, there's some things to consider. I mean, obviously, grocery products has a really nice margin structure. The growth that we saw in SPAM, drives a lot on that. The other part that makes it really difficult, as Jim talked about is this volatility that you see within the quarter. And so we're still dealing through that and to get to a normalized number is difficult. The food service piece, again, different parts of food service. We've got some, you know, higher margin, precooked, pre-sliced, pre-marinated, you'll also have elements of that are -- going to be commodity in terms of ribs that are going to barbecue businesses. So, the thing to remember is I mean, well, as Jim said, we'll be fulfill the efficiencies and processes, but we'll also make sure that pricing is adjusted over the long-term. And there's really two components to consider. And we talked about the markets. We've already taken pricing on certain products such as bacon that's moved very in a very volatile way. Some products are more CPG like and we're monitoring those markets. And then, as the conversation we just had around supply chain costs, so we have to understand what your temporary, what your permanent, which are going to have to be passed along over the long-term. So, it is a difficult question and there's a lot of moving parts. That will continue to be working on over the months ahead.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I want to thank you for listening in today and being patient with our technical difficulties. Now this is an uncommon company with an incredible 129-year history. We have weathered many storms during those 129 years and we will weather this storm because we were made for this. I wish all of you an enjoyable Memorial Day weekend and please stay safe and healthy.
