Jim Snee: Yes, good morning, Peter. Thanks for the question. I mean and really what we're talking about here is the timing, the volatility, the magnitude of the inflation that we're seeing. And so, that the pricing actions that we have taken didn't happen all right at the beginning of the second quarter. And quite frankly, we're not done with all the pricing actions that we need to take. So, we've got a lot of activity on that front. And so just the sequential action in our pricing is what will lead to that sequential improvement in margins. And so as you think about Q3, you'll see improvement, but probably some slightly lower margins as pricing hasn't quite caught up. Q4, really start to see more normalized margins as full pricing takes affect across the board. And I think it's important to note that we've either taken or will take price across almost all of our business.
Jim Snee: Well, I'll start on Q3. And I think your -- the first question, is that's relative to last year, so slightly lower margins to last year just as pricing hasn't fully caught up.
Jim Snee: And Adam, I would say more from a business perspective, I think our retail business has performed well. Again, it's hard in a year-over-year environment, but if we go back to pre-pandemic, especially in our lean ground turkey, very, very strong performance, pleased with the distribution gains, household penetration, the velocities that we're seeing. From a foodservice perspective, they're a little bit more exposed with the K-12 business, the school business, which obviously didn't come back in full strength. We do expect to see that in the fall, and then spillover into 2022. So, as we think about it from a retail and foodservice perspective, there is optimism on the business front.
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean I think it's fair to say in a really broad base, we outperformed the industry here in the second quarter. And that's not new, right. I mean as even pre-pandemic, we talked about our foodservice business typically growing at double the industry rate. And so, we're confident that we've outgrown or grown faster than the industry. For us where we see future opportunities in a number of our segments, we haven't seen lodging come back. We really haven't seen college and university fully come back, which is a big part of our Hormel Foodservice business. I referenced K-12 for the Jennie-O Foodservice business. So, there's still a lot of dynamics at play. And so even as these other segments, these other channels really start to reopen, those are going to have a favorable impact on our foodservice business as well.
Jim Snee: I think, Rupesh, we've always felt very confident in all of our business obviously we've talked a lot about the strength of our business in particular in the center of the store. And so we think it will continue to be strong post-pandemic, you're going to have some moving parts and some volatility in year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter. But I believe, once things settle down, we'll see our continued strength in center of the store grocery business, continued strength in our refrigerated retail business and then we've always talked about our real competitive advantage in the foodservice space. And I think that's playing out right now. It'll continue to play out this year and into the future.
Jim Snee: Yes, the biggest driver for us right now, Rupesh is getting some of those Tier-2 and Tier-3 items back on shelf. And that's really what retailers need as we want to provide more promotional activity in the back half of the year and into '22. You can't just have one variety and have a promotion. So as our supply chain has recovered, and we've been able to focus on those varieties, we're seeing retailers being a lot more willing to engage in promotional discussions, which will be very, very helpful for the business in the balance of '21 into '22.
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean the unrealized gains or gains based on the market that close what would be a factor. Now we also, as I stated before, we also have our interest hedges in there, too. So those are more related to the debt that we will be issuing and have a longer tail that obviously the grain or the hog markets. So it's a mixture.
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, it's a mix, again, depending on which category you're talking about. I mean, in some cases, we are in line with categories. So whether you think Bacon, or SPAM or peanut butter, I think we've seen some outpacing in some of our meal offerings, as you mentioned, I think we've seen it in our Mexican portfolio, which really is taking that net share from competitors. So I think as you go across the portfolio, Michael, it really is a mixed bag of where those share gains are coming from.
Jim Snee: Oh, I mean, the majority of the foodservice business is I'll call it off a traditional priceless. So that gets adjusted on a weekly basis and we tend to see that pricing reflected in -- we've always said within 30 days. So a significant portion of our business is still done that way. We do have some other pricing arrangements, obviously with larger national accounts. But just think about it where the majority -- more than the majority of the business is on a paster basis.
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, we've always said that, more of a 90-day price action in terms of having the discussion with the customer getting accepted, and then getting it implemented. Really the only difference there would be retail fresh pork, which I mean, does play a role and still has a significant part of our portfolio. But it's that is priced on a weekly basis.
Jim Snee: Well, as we've talked about in the past, Eric, we do long-term contracts with our producers. And as you're aware, these producers are large operators with a high level of capital and tend to keep their barns filled. We also get a large portion of our production from a contracted facility, the three-month facility, which is made up of producers; they tend to like to keep their own plants full. So, I'm very confident that we'll have the supply that we need both short-term and long-term. When we go through these cycles all the time, it hard prices have increased rapidly. The prices have gone up a lot. You're right; grain prices are high right now. We'll see other growing season what results are from the growing season to see what impact it has on prices. But these are long-term agreements, and we're not having anybody get into negotiations about taking down their volume. So I'm highly confident.
Jim Snee: Sure. It's a great question, Eric. And we have spent a lot of time and effort over the last three plus years, putting together our one supply chain. And it's really been our initiative to take this fragmented approach throughout the supply chain and really capitalize on the efficiencies and take cost out. And so, we've done a lot of great work in our operations. In our logistics, as we mentioned are some of the warehousing initiatives that we still had going on. And you're right, probably the first two years of supply chain and even going into the pre-pandemic we talked about our ability to have cost savings of $75 million. Last year, obviously, was a bit of a disruption. But that didn't stop the good work that was happening behind the scenes. And I think you'll see that play through when we talk about our ability to open up new warehouses to help mitigate some of the cost pressure on GP and now on our refrigerated portfolio. And the other thing is for me personally I can't imagine us having gone through the pandemic with a fragmented supply chain. Having one voice from the top setting directions and making sure that the entire team was aligned was very, very powerful and necessary for the organization. So, I mean the benefits to the organization has far weighted the financial returns. And, we are in a significantly better place today as a result of our efforts on one supply chain.
Jim Snee: Oh, yes, I mean I think obviously they go hand in hand. And we've talked about some -- coming out of or I should say in the midst of the pandemic the underutilized capacity which of course led to some of our increased COVID cost. So, there has been a benefit. But really the big driver and the way you should think about the food service business is the volume that we have been able to drive in the marketplace. And really it's the really reopening, the re-engagement with distributors and operators. And then I mentioned earlier with a number of different segments that really haven't open yet or hit their stride. So, not only we feel good about where we are today but the opportunities that are yet to come.
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a great question. And it's something that we talk about a lot because nobody likes to be in the midst of the inflationary period with all the market volatility. But it's not new to us, right? I mean we've managed through multiple inflationary periods over the course of our business. And our management team, our leadership has a well-established plan for how we take pricing, how we appropriately promote, and really to your point about how we work hard to maintain that pricing over time. So, yes, we do believe that we'll be able to do that as we've demonstrated in the past.
Jim Snee: Yes. The optimism that we have in our international segment I mean it is broad based. But certainly with the high level of focus on the continued growth and the continued success that we are seeing in China from both our retail and food service businesses and I mentioned it in my remarks, but we are really excited about the performance of SPAM, how we've been able to really gain distribution and the acceptance of that brand, and how we are launching innovative new flavors. The SKIPPY business continues to be very, very strong, non-traditional innovation with our Hormel Beef Jerky. And so, we continue to expect growth coming out of that business and across all areas, other multinational exports and partnerships.
Jim Snee: Yes. Well, thank you all for joining us today. Our strong performance this quarter once again demonstrates the resilience of our entire team and the strength of our balance portfolio. We know that we still have work to do for the balance of the year, but we remain very optimistic about the future, and we look forward to bringing the Planters business, and the Planters team on Board in June. Thanks again for joining us.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I'll touch on the JOTS issue, Peter. First of all, as we talked about there, pricing is now in place to cover that first ramp up of grain costs. And as we talked, we protected the grain cost for the rest of the year. And it with also having downside protection on that, so we're 100% covered on grain. The other thing is that we talked about, is what's happening in the markets. When you think about Jennie-O, the fundamentals which we keep pointing towards over the last few years are better. Hog sets and -- or egg sets and poult placements are both down 3% to 4%. And you're starting to see that with the cold storage levels continue to be the 26% below the five-year average. What you're starting to see now is some nice improvements in the commodity markets around turkey. For instance, yesterday you saw breast meat at $2.11. That there are a lot of watch-outs for JOTS, but there's also a fair amount of upside. And we're starting to see that upside come through. We've launched these -- the fundamentals point towards better markets for probably a year now. They really haven't taken place, but they do seem to be taking place as we go forward. As far as the 9%, yes, these -- the drastic jump up in grain costs obviously delayed that. So, we look at the full-year margin of 9%, that's really been pushed out a bit.
Jim Sheehan: Well, I'll start with a little bit on the watch-outs, and I'll turn it over to Jim to talk about the performance. I think as you look at the inflation that we've seen recently and as you look forward, obviously you have the grain is impacting inflation. For that you've got the demand, though we know the demand is very solid. Weather conditions look pretty good; [indiscernible] seem to be maybe a little bit understated at the USDA. So, that looks okay, it looks good at this point. Obviously, in June, we'll have a better read of that. But as I would look at things, I think the other thing that's impacting inflation is labor availability. I mean getting people back into their jobs will, I think, alleviate some of the labor pressure. From a COVID standpoint we're in really good shape, but it's getting new hires, it's getting people back to the job that probably is a watch-out for me, not only of JOTS, but across the industry.
Jim Sheehan: The only thing I'd add to that Rupesh is that remember our fourth quarter in GT was significantly constrained by capacity issues in our operations.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I think it's a great question, Tom. As we think about our business, and that price mix, I mean, really a key driver in the second quarter was our foodservice business, which tends to track markets more closely than the retail business. We did have some impact of retail pricing in the quarter. But again, it wasn't for the entire quarter. But the big driver in the quarter was foodservice.
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Tom. I appreciate the question. Remember our accounting method is one that we do not mark-to-market our positions, but we run them through the cost of goods at the time the product is sold. So as you look at our -- the realized gains and losses are in the quarter, the unrealized are in other comprehensive income. And those will be in $45 million range of unrealized gains and losses and that would be for hogs, grain and our interest positions.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, frank that the biggest driver to the pricing in the front part of the year, Rob was the SKIPPY price increase that we took earlier in the year. In GP, I mean, we still have additional pricing action to come, whether it's SPAM, or Herdez, I mean the number of different GP items. So we did have some in the first-half, but there's still more to come in the back half of the year.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I would say the big issue -- the big difference between the international and domestic right now is the whole ocean freight issue including containers that's creating some additional cost in the system. Freight, we have been able -- freight is up a little bit. Domestically, we have been able to manage that as we've improved our supply chain. But ocean containers freight availability goes back to this issue around labor that's created some not only higher cost but also some shipping interruption. And I think that's probably going to last for the rest of the year.
