Jim Snee: Good morning, Michael. That's a really complex question. And you hit it right on the head when you say, and we've said it, that the pricing is very, very broad-based across the portfolio. And, I think, for us, what we have been watching throughout the second quarter and the third quarter is just to be prepared and making sure that as we're watching, not only commodity markets, but packaging costs and freight rates, is making sure that we're capturing those in that timeframe. And what's been different in this environment is obviously those costs have just continued to move away from us.  And no different than any other food Company that you're talking to. What I do think is different though, is that we have been ready. We have taken broad-based aggressive pricing, but we've continued to have to do that and we will continue to have to do that as we've seen these markets and costs continued to move away from us. So again, it's really broad-based. It could vary by product, by categories. Clearly, we're watching all of the category dynamics. We're watching what's happening with the elasticities within our brands and categories.  And so it's obviously a very complex dynamic. But the key takeaway though, is that we're really pleased with the pricing actions that we've taken, we're pleased with the brand performances, and we know that we're ready to react with some additional pricing going forward.
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, again, depends on brand and category, but we've got, as you can tell, a significant pricing that took place in the quarter. Some of that will carry over into the fourth quarter, but we also have pricing that is being prepared to go into effect that will take effect in the fourth quarter as well. So it's really going to be a combination of spillover from Q3 into Q4, and then some new pricing actions in Q4.
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. We could do that for you. I mean, I think the first thing to start with is the grocery products portfolio. Probably more than any other part of our business has the longest lag in pricing. And so, you'll see, we always say on average, 60 to 90 days in terms of how that pricing passes through. And for us, I mean, we've taken pricing across that entire portfolio, and you think about 72 pork trim and how that has been through the roof. And so we've been very aggressive, we've been ready to take additional price actions and so we've got a mix, just like I said earlier, we've got a mix that have taken effect in Q3. And we'll have a bigger impact in Q4. We have another round that'll be coming in Q4 that will really have the impact in Q1 of 2022.
Jim Snee: Really -- we've been really pleased with the performance of all the businesses in the face of the price increases. The elasticity models that we typically use, we're outperforming those. And so we'll continue to watch the brands, the categories, the elasticities going forward. But I think the last point in your question is the really important one, and one that we highlighted in our comments, is that the brand strength that we have, that we've invested in, in sales over time is more important than it's ever been. As we're faced with such an inflationary environment and making sure that consumers have brands that they recognize and that resonate with them on a day-to-day basis is really, in our mind, is one of the key drivers of our success for the sales growth.
Jim Snee: Yes. At this point, then we would -- I mean, it is early. We've got what? Maybe 8 or 9 weeks that we own the business in the third quarter. But we're very satisfied with the sales performance. Many of the assumptions that we've made in other parts of the business are all holding up. We said we've already seen some of the benefits out an iconic brand like that can have on our business, we're experiencing that in the convenience channel. So, yes, at this point, although it's early, we still feel very comfortable with that range.
Jim Snee: And we have not, Rupesh. I mean, honestly, our foodservice business just continues to accelerate. And it really goes back to the challenge that these foodservice operators are pacing and its labor, right? And so as you think about how they have to compensate for that shortage of labor, our portfolio perfectly aligns with what they need to get caught. And so we're helping those operators overcome those challenges for doing it with our direct selling force, which we've said is a competitive advantage.  And again, more than ever, it is a distinct competency of this organization. So we haven't seen the foodservice business slow at all. We're seeing it accelerating and we feel incredibly bullish on our portfolio and what we are going to be able to achieve going forward.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, it's a great question. I'm going to quantify it -- or qualify it by saying it's early. But what we just talked about, our foodservice strength, I mean, we expect labor to continue to be an incredible pinpoint for foodservice operators. But our portfolio is going to help us overcome that and we're going to help -- continue to help those foodservice operators. We do think that some of the additional capacity that we have coming online in early '22 for our pepperoni business expansion, and our bacon business is going to serve as well.  You mentioned the impact of our Planters business, and we've had a great run with our MegaMex business, the authentic Mexican portfolio, not only the base business but the innovation that we're generating. We would expect some continued international strength as well. And then, as we talked earlier, the impact from pricing actions will also come into play. And that's all the good news. The offset to that will be what happens with inflation, what happens with labor that will impact our business in our manufacturing facilities. So there's a lot of unknowns on that side. But I think we feel really good about how we've built this portfolio and how we've built the business for the long term. And we're optimistic about 2022.
Jim Snee: And Can I -- I would just -- just to add on to that, I mean, really the key in all of this is, like you said, what are you doing about it? And there is, as you know, strong linkage between the labor and inflationary issues. So labor is costing us. The labor that we have is costing us a lot more. Then you have to deal with the [Indiscernible] labor. So we're pricing for the increased labor. For the labor that we don't have, clearly, we're raising starting wages. We're being more aggressive in how were finding employee pools to hire. We have to be more aggressive and more disciplined in how we are retaining our employees or finding ways to automate.  That doesn't happen overnight, but I would tell you that we've had successes in automation when we think about packaged placement, palletizing, and how we can pivot and reallocate those team members to more important manufacturing responsibilities. And then, through it all, it's how do we simplify our operations. And so, all of those things go hand in hand. And the one thing that this team has been able to do is not find themselves in a victim mentality, but really say, what are we going to do about it? Because that's really our challenge.
Jim Snee: Sure. I -- it is -- and I hate to give this answer, but I'm going to, is it really depends. And we think our Grocery Products division, as we've seen some moderation in raw materials has a really good opportunity to return to a more normalized margin structure also and it's a subset, but foodservice, obviously, within Refrigerated Foods, not only through the growth of the business but also the mix shift is really going to provide margin enhancement for us over time. So again, not a big fan of the answer, but I've got to give that.
Jim Snee: Peter, I would start with, I mean, I think that rate is a good range for us, as well. I mean, it ebbs and flows depending on the week, to be honest with you. But I think if you operate with that number, that range in mind, you're in the ballpark. I think there's always considerations when we talk about our volume number. Clearly, we had lower harvest level this quarter, which does have a dramatic impact on volumes. And so we've got to watch that closely. But taking it to a higher level, yes, the idea of labor in our plants does have an impact on the volume and what we're able to produce.  So that's why it is so important that we do take a very aggressive approach in hiring retained, finding those areas to automate, and how do you simplify your operations. We absolutely have to get that done and there's not a higher priority in the organization from a human resource perspective, and a supply chain perspective. So it doesn't give you the specific number you're looking for, but it does at a high level. Labor is a driver for the volume that we're able to produce.
Jim Snee: We really haven't at this point, Carson. For us, we've been really focused on shifting our international pork supply to a ractopamine-free supply, and that's really allowed us to open up some new markets and price accordingly. So, I mean, that's for our business, that's really been the big driver on the supply side of the business. The other piece that we'd be remiss if we didn't mention is just the freight availability for pork and other international exports. Although some of our branded exports shows growth, freight availability continues to be a risk in the supply chain going forward.
Jim Snee: Thanks, Jacob. The key takeaway from our ability to price is through these cycles, we have demonstrated our ability to expand margins over time. So I think if you start with that as the premise, you'll get a good read on what we're expecting to happen. Now, as you go through each of the different businesses and channels, it will be different. You have our Grocery Products segment, which acts and looks more like a consumer products organization. So that pricing will step. You've got our refrigerated foods retail business that has more commodity elements tied to the pricing.  And so, you will see that move up and down based on the raw material performance. Understanding, of course, going back to my original statement, that we have a history of being able to expand those margins. And that's really what drives our stickiness comment. Doesn't it mean that the pricing is going -- that current level is going to stay in effect, especially in refrigerated foods. What we are able to do, though, is expand that pricing over time as raw materials moderate. That's how we think about stickiness and pricing for us.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to sharing more about our long-term growth strategy at our investor update on October 14th. In closing, it's clear that we've built a portfolio and business for long-term success. And our team is operating in an incredibly complex business environment. Yet they've been able to deliver record sales results by continuing to execute our long-term growth strategy. While we still have work to do, I am incredibly grateful to and proud of all our team has accomplished in a difficult operating environment. Have a happy and safe Labor Day weekend.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ben. The $0.07 that you're referencing is only related to those one-time events related to the transaction, so the closing costs and those accounting adjustments that were made. There’re obviously some transitional expenses as we bring this business online. That always occur with any type of business transfer. So those are -- those are included. We still believe that the 2 to $0.07 dilution in 2021 is reasonable.
Jim Sheehan: That is an all-in number. So that is a GAAP number that we are basing on what we believe is the performance of Planters and we're pleased with the transition into Planters. We've been pleased with the sales rate at this time period. The expenses that are called out and then those transactional or transitional expenses that occur anytime that you're bringing business into your organization. So that is an all-in number.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Ken. Good question. The inflation is one, as we look at our gross margin change, we certainly have had inflationary pressure. But when we look at our pricing action, our improved mix, and some efficiencies we've brought online, we have really offsetting that inflation. The pressure on the gross margin really relates to the labor shortages. Not only labor shortages at our facilities, but labor shortages throughout the supply chain.  At times, we've had lines that have not been running at full capacity, that has strained us some overheads because we've had shortages in our plants, and other times, we've been notified, let's say relatively late, that our suppliers cannot provide us either packaging or input into our products. So as we look at the third quarter, as we look forward, really inflation, we think we've managed very well. It's this labor issue that is creating the pressure right now. So I'd say it's more of a labor issue.
Jim Sheehan: Ken, the one thing that I would point you to is that, it's early in the quarter, but we see relief on the pork side of the input costs. For instance, hogs were averaging 118 in the third quarter, they're down to 93. Bellies have even come off a little bit, but you'd expect bellies to come off at this time of the year. And we're seeing some relief in trim. Now, the only other -- the only area outside of pork that, from a raw material input that we're seeing, increase is in the beef category. Beef started to go up and our second quarter, and that trend has continued.  So we're seeing relief in the pork industry. Again, this is -- I'll give you the same warning that I did last quarter. Labor is a very important factor as to how these costs are going to trend in both the near and long term.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, everything includes the 53rd week. And as we said, that guidance is an all-in GAAP guidance. There's still going to be pressure on margins in the fourth quarter, but again, we have additional pricing action that are confident will improve this process. And again, we have the same labor issues we dealt with in the third quarter and we still have the same supply issues that we have been dealing with.  So we know what our employment rate is. But some of our suppliers, we have less visibility to and we've had surprises that have interrupted operations and actually have increased our cost as we've had to go out and find alternative solutions. So it's an improving situation, but I would still expect they will trail last year. The fourth quarter of last year had its own challenges, but I think that would be the trend.
Jim Sheehan: We've talked about the inflationary pressure that exists with the business, if we think that pork inputs will be above last year, they will moderate, we believe from third quarter, but there will still be significant pressure on inflation. Beef is going up as I stated. It's still continuing to grow in the fourth quarter. The freight issue isn't going away, so there's going to be pressure on freight. If anything, we've seen increases in freight costs recently. Jim has talked about the problems that we're incurring with ocean freight and the additional expenses that it's taken to overcome those challenges. The labor issue was an issue that is probably the hardest to read right now. What is going to happen to labor, how quickly it will recover or will it recover at all?  And just the challenges of the supply chain are putting pressure throughout the organization. And those are the issues that we've addressed in our guidance. And we think that we've taken a fair approach to that -- to those issues. I think as far as how you categorize it; I would look at the pork and the beef inputs and identify bad. On the other hand, we are seeing tremendous recovery in the foodservice business. And we're still seeing strong demand in the retail. So the demand is there for our products. We've priced appropriately. It's a matter of having the labor that's available to produce the product and to meet the demand.
Jim Sheehan: I think it's -- as Jim said, it depends what we [Indiscernible] that were being challenged. And as we talked about earlier, it's not just the labor that we have available, sometimes it's interruptions in the supply chain that it's categories that we didn't think we were going to have a problem to pop up. So I would say that constraint is significant and it's across the -- I can't think of a single segment that hasn't been impacted by this labor constraint.
Jim Sheehan: I think that you have both, Rebecca. First of all, you do have the Planters business coming in and as we've said from a -- for a long time since the acquisition, we knew that we'd be able to manage this business in a very efficient manner. And I think you're starting to see some of the things that we talked about. Woodley(ph) did the acquisition that there is an efficiency here that we believe exists. And the first quarter has given us confidence in that belief. As Jim said, we have a higher sales base that we have not added SG&A at the same level.  So I think that's the first thing to look at. The other thing is that there is an efficiency in the business that we've brought forward with. We've talked about Project Orion for a long time. It's adding efficiencies in our SG&A. One quarter in SG&A doesn't make a trend, but we believe that we have a more efficient operation coming out of 2021 that we had coming into it and we believe that that efficiency is going to provide a long-term benefit to the Company.
