Jana L. Haynes: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods’ conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then, Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody’s remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you’re welcome to get back in the queue. The audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 A.M. Central Time today, August 21, 2014. The dial-in number is 888-203-1112 and the access code is 2700055. The audio replay will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference to the Safe Harbor statements. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the costs and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 32 through 38 regarding forward-looking statements and risk factors in the company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 27, 2014, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Jana L. Haynes: The first step is segment, but with the ability to become accretive to the overall Hormel margins.Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC:  Okay. All right, great. Thank you.
Jana L. Haynes: Well, I think I’ll take the first part of your question regarding the pork margins. I think what the unexpected on result that we saw in the third quarter was that demands continue to hold up to cut out value. So we’ve really had anticipated the hog prices to rise like they did. But then the final portions also seem to be supported by that. We are looking to continue to see that positive thread, but we are up against some pretty positive thread from the fourth quarter of last year. So don’t expect that to have a significant impact on the Refrigerated Foods segment in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Obviously Grocery Products was the one hit hardest by the input cost environment during the quarter. We expect the fourth quarter to be still negative year-over-year, but not to the depth we’re reporting here today. Now we’re not in a position to give 2015 guidance here, but the long-term – our long-term outlook for the Grocery division is that it should be able to drive growth. We have some excellent franchises still within that business such as all our Mexican Foods businesses as well as SKIPPY and SPAM continues to have general strength on a long-term basis. So we’ll provide more specific guidance on the next call in terms of what 2015 will look like that we should start trending in the positive direction.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Q3 last year, I mean to be fair, we had a fairly significant hit, remember we announced in terms of the added earn out on the fresh foods component, and so in terms of comparison that that was an easier comparison if you will for the MegaMex group. They’ve had some costs squeeze within their group as well frankly both on the Don Miguel side and in terms of the avocado based products. Avocado costs seem to be normalizing and so and the top line is excellent in terms of the Wholly Guacamole franchise, so we’re encouraged and excited about that and the HERDEZ brand is very strong and we just continue to rack up double-digit of top line increases for the variety items sold under that authentic Mexican brand. So overall MegaMex is a key component not only to the Grocery Products, but to the total company period on trend products, and we think that’ll continue to deliver growth for us.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean – I don’t know if you are looking for a long-term number or a short-term number, as mentioned earlier we’re not going to give 2015 number here today. But it would be fair to layout; obviously what’s going on in the marketplace as we head into 2015 could well be in a market where the commodities are little less favorable. But I’m recognizing that the grain markets could be more favorable, and so we’ll just see what that – when we provide that guidance in November.Kenneth B. Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, Akshay. So, I mean I know on past quarters I was – I provided some estimates based on some of the early tracking with the brand, we’re now in a position where we have 52 weeks of scanned data available, the sales on that basis were on $55 million on the last 52-week basis, that does not count sales into the college and university or convenience store channels, that’s a little bit more, the lion shares through the Grocery channel. We’re very happy with those that’s one of our best ever first-year performances on our brand. We think the brand has upside in terms of its sales capabilities beyond that, even with the core items and then as you point out on top of that, we are introducing the breakfast items. a part of it is just kind of coming out with the core line first, a part of it is making through that you have the product ready and performing the way you want, I’m actually really quite excited and pleased with the team, coming out with a year later if you contrast it for example to our complete line and it took a several years to get a breakfast offering, that was the right offering within that product line. Right now, we’re focusing our attention on these breakfast related items on customers that already have a pretty good set of REV items. There are certain customers that really do have that in place, other certain regions of the country and certain retailers that’s still spottier, or maybe they only carry three or four or five items. In those cases, we’re probably saying that we may not want to come right out with two or three breakfast items until you settle little more legitimately. But we do think breakfast revenue is another excellent innovation that will drive new consumption to this product line and we’ll continue to excite consumers who like the REV line.Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just on SKIPPY, give us an update especially on the International operations you talked about it a little bit, but given what happened in the grocery segment this quarter it would be nice if you could sort of tell us if SKIPPY was impacted by any of that doesn’t seem like it. And then more importantly, can you give us a little bit more color on the Cyto acquisition and strategically sort of longer term how that fits in and what kind of growth profile you expect from that? Thank you, and I’ll get back in queue.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. SKIPPY, we’re very pleased with the domestic results for SKIPPY, on a net sales basis, lesser because of – that was a category that saw price decreases. But a volume high single-digit increase in volume still continuing to get good future activity, we’ve had some nice placements in terms of distribution sales there. And we’re going to work on innovating within the category, our SKIPPY Singles are off to a good start, the dark chocolate natural item is doing well; also and look for more items in 2015, maybe more in the middle of the year for that. On an international basis, it’s still a little rocky to read. I mean it was positive in the sense that we obviously now own the China plant and all the production out of that plant is now being reflected in the sales. We saw a little bit of decline in business in Canada. And we also – in a couple of the Asian markets, we’re still on kind of a conversion mode between our ownership and the prior ownership in terms of who has got the distribution and so forth. But overall, I mean that plant is in a good position to support growth and we expect to have that be a real growth catalyst for international going forward. On CytoSport, we were obviously very excited, last time we’re on the phone with all of you was in the middle of the quarter, when we made the announcement related to the deal, we did close on that deal recently. A couple of follow-up questions that had kind of emerged, just even since we announced the deal related to the kind of this notion of all, what does Hormel bring to the party, when it comes to the Muscle Milk acquisition. So I did want to address that. We have knowledge of manufacturing and of the category, that perhaps has been overlooked a little bit, I mean our Specialty Foods group is a less branded group, and so sometimes doesn’t get talked about quite as much, but we’ve been manufacturing both powdered and ready-to-drink protein items for over 10 years with our Century Foods business unit that’s under Specialty Foods, indeed to us. This was a great opportunity to bring a branded catalyst for that group to build apply that knowledge, the way we do in the rest of our companies to a branded item. We feel we’re going to be able to bring deeper sales and category management skills to the largest market for this product line, which is the food, drug and mass market where we sell so many of our other items. And really, I mean anytime you’re bringing a product line, that’s frankly kind of a one-off product line, a single brand and bringing it to a portfolio where you have deeper relationships at least we found that we should be able to drive growth doing that, we certainly did that with Wholly Guacamole for one example and we should do that here. We also feel our innovation track record bodes well in terms of coming up with great new items that would fit under this brand. We’re very early on; the category growth that we’re looking at is still very significant. as we mentioned on the last call, our feeling and even the prior management were kind of conceded us, there was prior a little bit of lack of focus as they were in the sale process of the business. and so their share has not quite kept up with all the category growth, but notwithstanding that, I mean it still grew in terms of both the ready-to-drink components, the big Muscle Milk branded presence, as well as the full protein line. And so it should be a great growth catalyst for Specialty Foods and for Hormel going forward.Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks a lot. that’s excellent.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So I mean we had obviously, enjoyed very significant growth in the Compleats line during the 2000 decade almost right to the end of it. and then clearly, the product line has stagnated somewhat since then, one effort to try to attract new consumers and restore growth had been the notion of kind of going after the more health oriented consumer or a looking for higher end items and hence the introduction of our blue and green labeled subcomponents are complete. No. I think, we’ve conceded here in recent calls that really doesn’t seem to be working. I mean the consumer that really enjoys these types of items is looking for more of a basic meat , potato casserole type item, value is a very important element to this franchise and so as you kind of add more bills and vessels in cost to product that that doesn’t seem to resonate well with the consumer. So we do believe we can get kind of go back to the basics and get this product line stabilized whether it’s going to be a big growth catalyst for grocery products anymore. I mean at this point, I guess we’re not seeing that, but we think between Mexican Foods, SKIPPY, and some of the other items grocery should be able to meet their growth objectives using those items, but I think your overall take is correct. My understanding know when it comes to single-serve meals that especially even if you look in the frozen segment which has also suffered. Even the health and wellness oriented items and frozen aren’t doing all that well. So I do think it maybe a combination of – where consumers are looking for items, but also just kind of shear economic and who is getting hit the worst from that.Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  That would make – I would agree with you that frozen isn't doing well either in that area. But I was focusing on your shelf-stable part of it because that’s really where you play. Totally make sense. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, thank you. We are pleased to have achieved another record quarter, leveraging our balanced model to deliver consistent earnings growth. Our team will continue to deliver relevant, innovative and high-quality foods to meet the needs of our consumers and to drive long-term growth for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us today.
