Jim Snee: Okay. Sounds good Adam. So, when you think about that guidance reduction, I guess the first thing I would tell you is think about the reductions being spread equally across all the segments and now that being said, there were a number of different factors in each of the statements. So, when you think about Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods, primary driver there impacted by the record prices for the key inputs and as we mentioned, prising really won't be in effect until late in Q4. From a jobs perspective, the recovery that we expected to see in Q4 does not appear to be materializing and from an International perspective, the raw material impact in China combined with the additional Shanghai closing costs and then they are taking a portion of the deal costs that Jim mentioned. And then, really from Specialty Foods, we talked about again the raw material increase in contract packaging and then the miss on CytoSport. The sales didn't materialize the way we had anticipated. So that's how you can think about them across the business segments. From a quarterly perspective, probably want to think about them about the majority of the reduction was in Q3. We do have pricing that takes hold in the back half of Q4.
Jim Snee: Sure. We can do that for you Adam. I will open it by saying we're not giving guidance into 2018, but again as we go through the segments and you think about, clearly in Refrigerated Foods, we'll have the benefit of Fontanini, which is a great addition to our portfolio. We'll certainly be watching the changes in the hog markets and the volatility that could come. In Grocery Products, we know that will have our pricing in effect. Would tell you that we are also watching volumes as a result of that pricing and any changes we may need to make. But we're very optimistic about the Grocery Products portfolio. In terms of jobs, we expect to see some of these unfavorable market conditions still into 2018, but we at some point, jobs is going to get incrementally better. For Specialty Foods, we had a lot of moving parts over the last couple of years and we've got work to do, but we know that will get Muscle Milk back on track and then from an international perspective, we're pleased with the addition of the Ceratti brand in Brazil. We do believe that will have improvements in the China meat business and then of course the full benefit of having our new Jiaxing facility up and running, in country production of SPAM should have some really nice benefits there. So that's how we're starting to think about 2018 and some of the color around that.
Jim Snee: Rob, this is Jim Snee. I am going to start with the first part about this fit, so your comment about I guess I call it capital avoidance, that was part of the equation. It wasn't a majority part of the equation. From our perspective and I’ve talked a lot about my desire to grow and accelerate our foodservice business. And so, this is a perfect addition to our foodservice business. It's branded, it's high margin business and it's a growing business. A direct sales organization, which in this day and age becomes less and less common. It mirrors the sales organization that we have and then we just see this as a great fit complementing our foodservice business. It also complements the Burke Organization and as I mentioned in my comments, we are up against some capacity constraints that we were going to have to spend some money and this gives us tremendous relief in that respect. Jim, I'll turn it over to you for the synergy portion.
Jim Snee: Sure. Rob again I am going to qualify it by saying, I am not giving guidance into 2018, but we're clearly watching what's happening in the hog market in Refrigerated Foods and the volatility associated with that. As Jim mentioned, Jim Sheehan mentioned, we know that there's additional capacity coming online and we're watching the three factors that we've talked about in the past; international demand, domestic demand and the corresponding capacity and where we sit right now after coming through the quarter, where four of our top seven inputs experience record prices because there was an adequate supply. That additional capacity is certainly needed in the short term. So, these are unprecedented changes in the hog industry. We're watching them closely and so I think the answer to your question, we're watching Refrigerated as we head into 2018.
Jim Snee: So Farha, I guess our approach to pricing, we are looking at commodity markets on a very regular basis. We certainly have forecast in place at the beginning of the year. We look at those throughout the year. That helps us not only set the pricing at the beginning of the year, but what we think it might look like through the course of the year. From our perspective, the big disconnected in all of this is that we simply can't forecast record prices. We've taken the price action just as quickly as we could. We've priced these items to the peak of the market that we've seen and I would say, while the record high prices would be the disconnect, the connect would be that we have a proven ability to price in many market conditions and it's really that short term volatility that hurts us the most.
Jim Snee: Sure. The way you described it Ken, probably the one that I would agree with you on is the CytoSport piece. We did give expectations of double-digit growth and to be fully transparent, we missed that one. We're making some investments, got aggressive competition in that ready to drink C-store space and the results did not materialize the way we had anticipated. So, I would agree with you on that. When you talk about Applegate, not much has changed from the last time we talked about it, but as part of Refrigerated Foods, clearly, clearly the driver was record prices for key inputs and so had we not experienced those record prices, especially in Refrigerated Foods we would've been fine in that space. So, I certainly understand your commentary, but would say that the specialty area is the one where I can agree with you on.
Jim Snee: I think that last part is right on Ken. I think given the exacerbation of the commodity markets combined with what's happening at jobs with historic issues there as well, the one part on the China piece was we're starting up a significant plant and yeah, we certainly had plan to have the Shanghai plant closed and items transitioned and it took us a little longer in terms of quarters not years. And so, the cost spilled over and I appreciate your comment that the senior management team, but this is the same team that's been in place at very senior levels of our organization for the last five or 10 years and so I do think it is -- it's a situation that's exacerbated by the current market conditions and hopefully that helps with some color.
Jim Snee: Again, I agree with you Ken, there is a difference between the two and we're not in position at this point to give additional guidance. I gave obviously the color that hopefully is helpful. I guess some additional color around the fire and 10 which is repetitive to what we've discussed. But clearly, we believe it's an all-in number, the 2% to 3% of organic topline growth that we've seen over the last several years, very achievable. Clearly, we need to leverage our balance sheet for accretive acquisitions for the other part of that five and 10. We've demonstrated our ability to do that here recently. Jim talked about some of the strategic cost management, operational efficiencies, clearly gross margin improvements will help us get to that 10% bottom line and I do think of going back to some of our earlier conversations around these commodity markets, we've got a proven ability to price in these many market conditions and it's really that short term volatility. So, I can't give you specific guidance, but hopefully the 2018 outlook color reminder on the five and 10 being a longer term all in number is helpful.
Jim Snee: Sure Benjamin. I guess the best answer I can give you on Fontanini is that the margins for the business are accretive to both Refrigerated Foods and the total company which is -- which obviously is a very good thing and just a reminder in our comments, we talked about it the $0.03 or $0.04 impact going forward.
Jim Snee: Sure. So, this is a very strategic acquisition for us. It is not opportunistic. It provides a great opportunity for us, but it is very, very strategic. We've been working at acquiring this family-owned business for some time and those do take a little longer to get across the finish line. We see this as a platform for future growth in Brazil. We continue to look for opportunities -- already looking for opportunities to expand. We've got a great professional management team that comes along with the Ceratti acquisition and it's a $100 million business but it's a very healthy $100 million business that's growing and will serve as a great platform for the future.
Jim Snee: Okay. Jeremy, I think your assessment of Farmer John, there's I think dramatically difference there. Clearly the big driver for Refrigerated Foods is the improvements, the increases in the value-added sales and as we think about what's happened there, we've seen really a great performance in the quarter both in our meat products, which is our retail division across a number of different brands. The foodservice business continues to outperform the industry and when we talk about the increases with BACON 1 and their portfolio, certainly those margins are accretive to the overall Refrigerated Foods organization. So, it's the increase in value added, some of the mix shift even within the value-added and so again we remain very positive about the great work we're seeing in our Refrigerated Foods segment.
Jim Snee: Sure. So, we talked about the channel and certainly it was primarily in ready to drink in the C-store and a year ago, would have been late summer, we had a voluntary recall on our ready to drink items and as we progressed at the end of 2016 and 2017, it's clear to us that we underestimated the impact of that voluntary recall. So, we had some pipeline full fill, certainly some favorable comps that gave us a positive feeling about the business. What we've see most recently is some of the aggressive competition in the ready to drink C-store space, really exposed the business hadn’t materialized the way we thought. The bigger thing for us is now what are the actions that we're going to take in terms of giving that business additional promotional support, working very aggressively with our distribution partner to gain back any lost distribution and making sure that we're priced appropriately in key channels. So, a number of different things there and we've got work to do as we head into 2018 with that brand.
Jim Snee: I think the key take away is we didn't think it was going to go up as fast as it did and so we didn't have a preconceived notion that it was going to moderate either. So, we priced it to the peak of the market. We know that obviously we work through some inventory, which takes longer in GP, our Grocery Products division than it does in some of the other divisions. So that is the way that we thought about pricing is that we are priced to the peak of the market.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all very much for participating in our call this morning. There's no doubt this year has been challenging for us and I'm confident we are making the right long-term decisions to drive growth for our company while maintaining focus on delivering our key financial results. Our team is working as hard as ever to continue our long-term growth story. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you for joining us today.
Jim Sheehan: Sure Rupesh. As we talked about at Investor Day, we're really focused on making strategic changes to our expense structure. We've been focused on supporting our critical initiatives, our long-term goals, but reducing expenses in other areas. So that has been the main focus of the group over the last six months. We did have an advertising reduction of $30 million in SG&A, but we're very pleased with the progress that we've seen around managing our expenses while supporting those long-term initiatives.
Jim Sheehan: Rupesh, we don't. We are obviously strategically looking at our advertising spend and we are committed to the long-term growth and health of our brands. This level that we're at is our 2015 level, which is still a very healthy level after several years of double-digit increases and these are all prudent decreases. The other thing I would remind you of is that we are shifting some of the dollars to trade, so that we're maintaining our in-store share of voice and we're confident that we'll still be able to drive sales growth.
Jim Sheehan: Absolutely Rob. So, I'll start with the pricing perspective and we've been very aggressive in the pricing action that we've taken across our entire portfolio and we frequently talk about from a retail perspective you're going to have a 45 to 60-day lag. And we have taken pricing on retail bacon, retail pepperoni and a whole slew of grocery products items. From a foodservice perspective, we certainly get the benefit of the price increase sooner on our street business, but we do have some contract business that can have a one to three-month lag. So, it really is a mixed bag, but I think the key take away here is that we have been very aggressive with all of our pricing action and we're priced to the peak of the market that we've seen. And as a reminder, because of that lag, that's why we're saying the pricing will take hold late in Q4. From a retail bacon performance, you're correct. We had an absolutely great quarter on volumes and sales, both in retail and foodservice. The challenge of course is that margins suffered due to the fast run up in belly prices and obviously it's a competitive category, but our focus has been growing our premium black label bacon line in retail. And of course, we've talked to you at Investor Day about the investments that we've made in BACON 1 and as I started off my comments, we're very excited about the strategic investment that we're making down in Wichita, Kansas in our Dold facility to support the high demand for foodservice BACON 1. So, pricing action, very aggressive, bacon performance very strong. Sets us up really well for the future.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. And as you discussed, there was $150 million of capital avoidance, but also the $90 million of tax cash flow that really equates to $240 million of the $425 million that was spent. We obviously have looked at the synergies as we were doing our valuation. We feel that the synergies will be at or above -- at or slightly above what you would refer to as an average synergy, but that excludes the advantages that we have from both the capital avoidance and the benefit we have from the tax cash flow. We're working with the Fontanini team now to finalize the plans and we think that the synergies will be gained very quickly.
Jim Sheehan: The interesting thing that has happened through the cycle is that hog costs have been very flat to last year. So, it looks like there is really a balance in the hog supply and the demand right now. The other thing that we think is important to understand is that the groups that are bringing these processing plants online are in fact hog producers. So, we certainly feel that they believe that there is adequate hog supplies to fill their plants.
Jim Sheehan: As we gave guidance into the back half of the year, We predicted the trends, as Jim said, we didn't predict that they would hit record highs that we did not predict the velocity at which they would change. So, we saw the trends coming. We didn't see the magnitude and the speed in which we're seeing in the volatility of the markets at this level.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Well first Farha, now you have to believe me when I say the pipeline was full all those quarters right, we finally got a couple across the finish line. But yeah, you're correct. Ceratti is our first entry into South America. They're premium branded items and it's a niche portfolio that we know very well. This is an established business and so they have distribution in the marketplace. They have a professional management team. It's an 85-year-old organization. So, as we look at it, yes from a $100 million perspective, you could say it's a small acquisition. We look at it to say this is our first entry point into South America and we see this as a platform for future acquisitions in South America. Clearly there are some learnings that we need to obtain along the way and this is a tremendous vehicle, a successful vehicle for us to be able to achieve those.
Jim Sheehan: One thing worth mentioning is that as we went into Brazil, we spent a great deal of time on due diligence and the deal also, the valuation of the deal will include a discount based on the country risk.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, I think from a business volume perspective, it was all purposeful, very intentional and that you can model that about a 7% decline.
Jim Sheehan: Well, as we discussed, what we focus on our hog cost, that our input cost primarily around bellies and 72% trim, we think the hogs will be slightly higher in the fourth quarter and even going into 2017. Bellies remain well above last year as freezer inventories are low and demand for bacon is very high. 72% trim is we expect to be above last year. What we have seen again is this what seems to be very much a balance in the hog supply and demand that isn't driving up the cost of the hogs. What we said before is the additional capacity is a benefit to us and we continue to watch the international domestic demand and the additional capacity coming online. Based on our analysis, we believe that the additional capacity is needed.
Jim Sheehan: Well, we have the addition of Fontanini. We should be through the changes in the hog supply should be clear as the additional plants become online. Hopefully there's additional supply of the raw materials, so that there is not the type of volatility and spikes that we've seen in the bellies and the 72% trim. Markets, bellies or beef excuse me, has been very hard to predict. So, I think the color that Jim gave you would be -- is what we feel about the Refrigerated Foods outlook for 2018.
Jim Sheehan: Akshay, what I will tell you about Refrigerated Foods is historically and the way the business is structured, we do suffer on a short-term basis when we see spikes in commodity prices. It compresses our margins. The velocity that occurred in this cycle, certainly added to that difficulty. But as prices decline, historically we expand our operating margins in Refrigerated Foods. We hate to say the cycle is a good thing, but in the long term, it would tell you that we will expand our operating margins as prices decline.
