Kevin Jones: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods' conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2011. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter, then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody's remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, May 25, 2011. The dial-in number is (800) 406-7325, and the access code is 4434269. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to Pages 27 through 33 in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 30, 2011, which was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2011, for more details. It can be accessed on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Kevin Jones: Akshay, this is Kevin. I'm going to ask Jeff to respond to the Grocery Products question, and I think we need to move on.
Kevin Jones: Thank you, everyone, for participating in the call. Feel free/e to call me with any follow-up questions, this is Kevin Jones. And have a great day.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I'm not sure I can go all the way 12 months out. We certainly see eggs, [indiscernible] and placement numbers that take us through the end of this year and a little bit into next fiscal year. But right now, on the basis of those numbers, on the basis of what we see in terms of production in the industry and on the basis of cold storage numbers coupled with still strong demand on the export side, I mean, we feel that the amount of product going to market will support solid pricing on a commodity basis, and there seems to be a good demand for it. And in turn that's helpful on the value-added side. Clearly, that's our emphasis is selling products in a value-added form there. We are challenged with having to continue to look at advancing pricing because the inputs have gone up so significantly, but it's probably a little bit easier to do that in an environment where the commodity markets are supportive of that kind of pricing.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess I'm feeling when I look at the aggregate of the business of -- very solid about it. I think there's a lot of efficiency gains that our team up there has brought to the market, that's very helpful. And then we really stepped up our efforts on the branded side, and what -- we're really the only player out there doing advertising in turkey, and we're doing more than ever, if you look at both last year and our plans for second half of this year, and it's paying dividends. I mean, we've seen very strong value-added sales, which ultimately is what we're trying to accomplish there.
Jeffrey Ettinger: So on the Grocery Products side, some of the pricing actions we took were undertaken later in the quarter, and so the full quarter results are not reflective of all the pricing activity that has been announced there. I wouldn't say we're getting resistance in the form of a refusal by the customer to go with the pricing that we're suggesting. However, it isn't across the whole portfolio. For example, we've cited to you a couple of times in the area of Hormel Compleats that we're still working on new things with that brand. Those of you who are able to come to Investor Day are going to see some new label design and some other new product samples and so forth related to Compleats. So that's a fairly key component of Grocery Products. We've not taken pricing on that, because we've not been satisfied with the sales thus far.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on the Grocery side, I think we will start seeing improvement in the third quarter. With -- the comment about lag really was sort of an across-the-board comment, because even at the Jennie-O, I mean that's just been a steady wave of an upward market in terms of the inputs, and on top of that, you have hedged positions that are rolling off that are less favorable. So the team has done a good job thus far, obviously, in trying to keep up with their pricing. But there is more to do, and in that case, it's not always a day-to-day exactly a match-up to when the costs roll higher.
Jeffrey Ettinger: There's probably some more work to do there as well. I mean, Refrigerated also has the billion-dollar Foodservice portfolio within that group, and the Foodservice group is much more current on their ability to price. The retail side is certainly on top of it as well, but in that case, we still have some actions yet to come.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I would say to be honest with you, it's been better than a traditional elasticity would suggest. And I would think the reason for that in large case would be that the whole market is encountering it instead of just doing an elasticity on, "Okay, you wanted to just take your product up." Everyone's in this boat. But on top of that, I mean, I think the vibrancy of what we have to offer. I mean we have some very unique franchises in terms of Party Trays, in Natural Choice and entrées, and so I think that's supportive of the move we've been making as well, and that's why volumes continue to grow as well as extra price kick on top of that.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, our long-term growth goals remain 5% on the top line and 10% on the bottom line, and by the time we're done with this year, I think if you look kind of at a 5-year CAGR, we're probably close to 6% top line and maybe closer to a 10%, 11% on the bottom line, so we've been able to attain those. I guess that is part of what we're suggesting here with our total guidance is it clearly the first half has been kind of a blowout, very strong half, and so the second half will be more moderate, but we're -- we tend to try to take things year to year, and so when you look at both sales growth and the middle of our guidance range now for the year, we'll be -- end up being quite happy than what -- where 2011 ends up. And we're not in a position quite yet to start talking about 2012. But clearly, in terms of momentum of some of the franchises, we're very excited about whether -- ranging from the Mexican Food portfolio to value-added products to Jennie-O to some of these more innovative items in the Refrigerated portfolio, we have a lot of good things happening.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean the different lists you suggested really are all elements of where it can come from. In some cases -- we'll talk retail first. I mean, there clearly have been list price increases. In some cases, there's been some modification on the promotional formulas. On the Foodservice side, it tends to be a much quicker response to what the markets really are. And then as we talk about, I think, each quarter, I mean, we have a decent amount of our portfolio, particularly within Refrigerated Foods, that are traditionally market-moving-type items; bacons, hams, fresh pork; that always move with markets, and so that pricing certainly has been responding. We have catch-up still to do, especially as we talk about some of the protein pieces that are dealing with the spike in grains as we roll off the more favorable hedged positions. We still have more to do in the second half of this year and potentially even into the early part of 2012. And it's just kind of hard to tell right now is that where is that going to level off? Obviously, all of us hope at some point if we can get to more flat environments for the next year and catch up on that, that would be advantageous.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We'll give consideration to some way to describe what we're thinking about 2012, but we're also trying to be respectful around process. I mean, our internal teams have not submitted their strategic plans to our management yet. Our board has not reviewed it yet, so I mean typically we give you that number in November, that's in our November call. But if there's some way we can provide a little added color, to both your point and Diane's, at Investor Day, we'll take that into consideration, see what we can do.
Jeffrey Ettinger: When you say "all", I mean, yes, we will be concerned in an extreme situation. I think that's been one of our concerns about a national policy that's within a 10-year time frame. Gobbles up a major component, it went from 3% of the corn crop going to ethanol to almost 40% this year. But most outlooks right now would suggest that things will stay tight and that pricing is still going to be quite high but that we will have a sufficient supply to continue to meet our needs.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, yes. For us, International in Japan is insignificant, particularly in fresh pork. We do next to nothing there. We are selling SPAM in Japan and have launched, actually, a redoubled effort to have that gain better distribution in mainland Japan, and that's off to a good start. We did enjoy strong results in Korea in terms of our export sales. So the big 2 drivers of international results were SPAM sales in multiple markets and then pork exports in Mexico and Korea in particular.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on the turkey side, I mean, clearly what we rely on in the long run is taking products and moving them up our value ladder. And so the more we can enjoy robust sales of our Turkey Burgers and Bacon and tray pack, that in turn will be supportive of the long-term operating margins of the division. We recognize that the commodity markets are on the higher side right now for turkey, and so that's been supportive of our results. And we also recognize the uncertainty of how high is up in terms of these feed costs. I think we've done a good job thus far in pricing to cover the run-up in feed cost, but we also know we have more coming at us. Jody is going to talk about Refrigerated.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes, you'll see a similar element. It's not quite as high in the second half this year. This year we ran a little bit of it earlier in the year, so it's -- on an annual basis, there'll be close in terms of the advertising spend. In terms of the holiday sell-in, that was one of the reasons why the Jennie-O volume was so strong in the second quarter is that, given the markets are robust and the customers were ready to make moves on it, we ended up going ahead and selling a higher amount of our inventory on a current production basis as opposed to putting it in cold storage and selling it late in the year. So we're doing quite well in terms of being in a position to ultimately sell through our full inventory by the end of the year.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes. I mean, it just keeps rationing up, it seems like, particularly on the side that we -- where we have the direct input exposure. And so, clearly, that we are looking at second rounds in certain cases of the franchise.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, packer margins clearly have been quite high, as we've talked about, at least for the second half of this year. We're expecting them to be higher than the historic norms for that time of the year, but not as high as what we've been experiencing both the first half of this year or during very high levels of last year. I don't have a specific number for you in terms of what do we expect in terms of less return on the packer margin next year, but, again, we always point back to it's a multi-headed monster if you will. And within Refrigerated Foods, I mean, we have depressed margins in some cases on some of the value-added items because, in part, these inputs have been so high. So we don't -- we're not necessarily banking year in and year out on really high packer margins to drive results for Refrigerated Foods. In terms of grain costs, I mean, we would -- you get used to new norms. I mean, we would love to have the markets at least settle in at some point and moderate at a certain level. Grain markets have been incredibly volatile lately, period, with so many speculators in there, with such a tight demand -- tight supply situation. And then on top of that, I mean, this is always the time of the year when it's the most volatile. Everybody's every day, "What was the weather, what are you hearing about planting," et cetera. So it's high right now. I mean, we certainly have a hope that as the crop comes in, things may moderate some, but we don't have that visibility right now.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, on -- the second one would be the easier question. The answer is yes, definitely. We saw volumes increase across the value-added franchises as well as pricing. And it was really a pretty consistent picture to what the numbers we're reporting, counting everything. I mean the whole -- if you look at the total company, and volumes were up 7%, and net sales were up 15%. So I mean you've got the differential on sales is both mix and some price increases, but the volumes were quite solid across the board.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well there, you start -- yes, there you do start factoring in what we're just mentioning, that we sold an additional amount of whole turkeys, which is not -- they're not a high-margin contributor, but they just happen to move at an earlier time frame. So we're really, I think Jennie-O ended up in the high-single-digit, low-double-digit range in terms of the products, the value-added products we're really looking to sell in terms of the growth that we saw.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yes. We probably were halfway there in terms of what we were trying to accomplish and what we want to see in terms of a full quarter. But there's a little caution there in terms of that -- that was trying to catch up to what we understood the cost position to be when we announced the price increases. And as some of the other earlier questions have indicated, there's been additional pressure in some of those areas. And so, for example, we've already announced a second round of SPAM price increases this going forward here. So we still have work to do as we go through the second half of the year. I'm catching up to that.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Maybe Kevin can in a follow-up. I don't want to just throw a number out, and I don't have one offhand.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, what I hear, I was just been watching it a couple of weeks ago. I mean, they are going through with the economic study. What I hear is that, clearly, we would love it if they would withdraw this thing altogether. That's probably not what I'm hearing is going to happen. What I hear is there'll be a new submission, a new draft, that will have some different elements to it, and we'll just have to see if there are elements that make sense and ultimately are more palatable to the industry, but it's been a frustrating proposed reg. A lot of the elements of the initial reg were things that Congress specifically decided not to put into the law, and some regulation folks back there were trying to jam it in anyways. There was just a letter that was co-authored by 135 different folks in the House of Representatives specifically talking to the Secretary about needing to make sure that the GIPSA new regs are much more in accordance with where the law was from the last Farm Bill. But it's something that the industry is closely monitoring.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, all we can do, we can manage our own system. And we do that. I mean, we cut back on our supplies here about 18 months to 24 months ago, and those have rolled through since. There was another time earlier in the last decade when the turkey industry got out of balance, and, again, we were quick to make sure that we brought our supply in line. And then frankly, our key driver internally is not just the macro factors, but also how much meat do we need to support the value-added products? And we talked about wanting to make sure we, over time, get more consistent results out of Jennie-O by, better matching that supply up with our value-added products. So right now, we're in a pretty good match. I mean, if we continue to see as robust growth as we have with our value-added items, there may come a time when we need a little bit more supply just to support those, but we're not in that picture right now.
Jody Feragen: Hi, this is Jody. And of course, we don't talk about near-term opportunities that we're looking at. But I would say that the deal structure has picked up. I would also add that the multiples that people are paying have maybe not turned back to the frenzy days, but they become a little bit more challenging for some strategic buyers versus the financial buyers, so we continue to look. I will be using a portion of that cash to pay down the bonds that mature on June 1, and we continue to look for opportunities to invest in our businesses, organically or through M&A. We're proud of our dividend history, and we also have some room left on our share repurchase authorization. So those are our priorities.
Jody Feragen: Sure. It's nice to finally be a little bit more right than I was for the last, prior quarters. I think pricing has a lot to do with demand, and as that continues to move higher, at some point, you hit a push point with the balance between what we're offering and the rest of the protein markets are offering. And obviously, hog costs generally used to be related to the costs of raising those animals, and that seems to be reflective of what the environment is looking at, although I see in the summer that they'll probably be less profitable for the producer. So I don't have a silver ball on where they're going in the future, but I would expect them to be more -- definitely less than the robust margins that we had in the second half of 2010, probably higher than what our old 5-year average was. And I'm not sure that 5-year average is going to be the new norm going forward, so we'll have to wait and see.
Jody Feragen: I mean, we do see hog supply being down, but only about a 1% for the year, and that's kind of where the industry's at. So the market seems to be in good balance for the pork industry. It's the robust export demand. And at some point if you -- if that gets too expensive, I would sense there would be some pushback.
Jody Feragen: Refrigerated includes a lot more than just pork operating margins, but because they have been so favorable, that has been a big driver. But we do tend to want to focus on our value-added businesses. But I guess if I were to see those margins actually expand from where they had, you'd have to see quite a bit more supply of hogs coming to the market, and we're not seeing that. I would think in today's environment, with the high cost of grains and, particularly, if you look out into the future, it looks like the less profitable venture to get into. So the supply as well as the demand side of things, and at what point do the prices get too high for a lot of the robust exports to continue? Also depends on the dollar, too. So lots of moving parts in that equation.
