Jeremy Scott: Can you give us an update on the REV product line? How are consumers responding? And how is it performing versus your expectations? And then maybe an update on the Compleats breakfast line as well.
Jeremy Scott: Great. And I appreciate it's pretty difficult to track, but on PED, can you talk about your exposure relative to the industry? It seems like a lot of the barns affected are from your primary sourcing areas. And then maybe get into how -- what's the volume impact for the summer months and how the margin volatility is going to play into your guidance.
Jeremy Scott: Just what the -- what your expectations for a volume impact may be in the summer months when the shortages really come to -- into play.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Very good. We're very pleased with how REV is performing in the marketplace. As we exited the holiday season and got into kind of back-to-school time frame for the winter semester at schools, we're seeing good sales response. We're ahead of schedule in terms of our repeat measures on this product line. We continue to have excellent distribution in the marketplace and would expect that our relaunch consumer advertising campaign will also add to sales within the REV line. When it comes to breakfast Compleats, we've had reasonably good success getting the product landed at a number of retailers. It's becoming one of the better selling items of the Compleats line, a few of the varieties, and so we're pleased in that regard. Overall, I have to concede the Compleats didn't fully live up to our expectations for the quarter, but we do between the advertising that's kicking in for Compleats and some better feature activities that we know we have on the books for the upcoming 2 quarters, we expect some improvements on the Compleats line and breakfast Compleats will be part of that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, the best I can tell you, Akshay, would be that our original expectations for Jennie-O Turkey Store were reasonably solid gains year-over-year in segment profit for most of the quarters. As you saw in Q1, it was a much more modest gain. That's probably more of the mode we would expect now for the next couple of quarters. And then by the fourth quarter, we do expect the division to be in a position to be more solidly up. So you know the fuel costs and live production were somewhat unexpected, and it was some significance we do recognize, so obviously, there are some benefits in terms of total feed costs. They're on a relatively healthy position when it comes to the commodity meat markets within the turkey complex. And we're really quite happy with their value-added growth. I mean, even though the aggregate growth for all of Jennie-O in sales was 2%, as I mentioned some of that was related to some whole bird timing, and so notwithstanding the whole birds, our value-added businesses were up more in the 4% to 5% range. So we're very happy with that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. For Refrigerated Foods, I mean, it was a good quarter. I kind of look at 3 things going well within the refrigerated group, I mean, clearly, the basic cutout margins were a lot more favorable this year than what we had experienced a year ago. Secondly, some of the more kind of market-based supply chain type items, if you recall, we talked about those last year at the Investor Day, is bacon, for example, is being challenging circumstance for part of last year. That complex is in much better shape right now. And then our higher value-added items are all -- are really doing quite well. And again, I -- in terms of the masking effect of the change in feed sales and then some of the internal transfers, I mean, if you just kind of look at the retail value-added franchises, they were up solidly above 5% growth in the aggregate with several items doing well. REV is part of that. We're -- as we've mentioned earlier, we're happy with where REV is showing up, and we do expect to see a time where you'll see that top line reflected as part of the total Refrigerated Foods results.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The cutout margins were quite favorable in Q1. In our very current environment, they remain favorable, but -- and we've known from the last 2 years that, that can be mercurial. I mean, it -- and when you add in the effect of PED and what kind of a variable that might be is, I guess we're not counting on cutout margins staying at today's level, but that's where they are today.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, MegaMex, I mean, we talked last year about an earnout composition related to the Fresherized Food piece, and so really, for the remaining quarters of this year, that was still, on a percentage basis, hold down what ultimately MegaMex will contribute to the company. Otherwise, I mean, you have -- it's -- there are quite a few factors. I mean, there's peso exchange factors. There are some supply factors. We've had some uneveness in terms of business performance. The Don Miguel piece was a little bit softer in this quarter both in sales and in terms of some margin squeeze. On the other hand, the HERDEZ line was really quite strong, and we're happy with the sales of the Wholly -- the fresherized, the Wholly Guacamole item. So overall, we're still very high on what MegaMex is going to be able to do for the company, but we're kind of swimming through some choppy seas in terms of that equity and earnings line for probably the next couple of quarters.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, I mean, we're -- we think the team up there really does a very good job in terms of trying to anticipate potential challenges. I mean, the whole situation related to propane and we've got into a mode here during January where we were a little bit concerned as to whether we would even get any propane. And when you have live turkeys in a barn, that's a very significant problem. We did survive through that time frame but with much more significant costs than what our initial plans had been built around. We do believe that there'll be somewhat of a transitory effect of those costs as we finally get out of the cold weather and hopefully, the markets return to some normalcy. We're seeing some improvement on the natural gas front already in terms of the market coming back a little bit more normal situation and would expect propane to follow. But overall, I mean, it's -- I would agree that we would have even a stronger quarter at Jennie-O but for those conditions, but I think the team's doing what they can to weather those.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, I mean, it's early to tell. I mean, some of those products are just going to get in market this spring. I mean, they've been shown to the retailers, but in terms of actual shelf impact, we obviously believe in the concept that meat or meat and cheese combinations could be a positive element for consumers when it comes to snacking opportunities. And so it's certainly not stunning to us that others have looked at the marketplace the same way and have come up with different offerings. I mean, it's -- I think the offerings that I've seen are really all quite different from each other, so there certainly is the possibility that they could well be complementary and hit consumers at slightly different occasions or maybe a slightly different age audience. But in terms of what we're looking to accomplish with REV, we're happy with what we've seen, and we continue to gain shelf placements even in the environment of others offering -- introducing new items.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: If you're looking just fuel cost by itself, that number is low. But we obviously have other things offsetting some of the fuel, unexpectedly high fuel. But as we -- we use a significant amount of fuel in the operation. So it was north of $10 million for -- on a 1-quarter basis.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Refrigerated Foods ended up doing a little bit better than we thought. We knew they were going to have a positive year, but the overall total in terms of their gain year-over-year was more significant than we had originally planned. And we are attaining kind of better than pro forma benefits from Skippy peanut butter in both the grocery and international segment.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Ken, I don't have a real clean answer for you on that. I mean, it's been a little bit of a puzzle even internally. We thought maybe we had turned the corner a little bit last year. We had a couple of really pretty strong quarters with Compleats heading into Q4, and kind of later in the year, it was a little softer. And then Q1, clearly, it did not meet our expectations. So we're hopeful that the new marketing effort and the new -- and some of the promotions we have with the customers will get that back on the right trajectory. We think we've introduced some items that consumers like in terms of the breakfast Compleats items. But time will tell here. I mean, I would agree with you that, that's been one of our franchises that's been a little bit more of a struggle for us.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: And on the grocery side, we actually have gone to our customers and notified them of pricing on such as the beef-based items, such as Hormel chili, Mary Kitchen hash and also on SPAM luncheon meat.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's working out well. I mean, it's interesting. In terms of our quarter 1 results, our international team actually didn't get their hands on the business as quickly to be able to benefit fully from it in the quarter. They kind of by January kind of had the full control, and so they got 1 month worth of full benefit of integration of China. But they're quite happy with what they've been able to do with some of the distributors, not only in China but in some of the other Asian-based markets where we have seen an ability to kind of lever at least the attention level or if somebody can carry both a SPAM and a Skippy as items into the marketplace. So -- and then it's really -- it's way too early in terms of any sort of operating synergies. I mean, we literally have had our team helping the local group there for a very short period of time.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, I mean, the costs have remained benign, so that's been positive overall for the net margin for the business. But probably the bigger factor that has been the consumer reception to our positioning with the item. We -- as we took the item over, we found there were some retailers that had either no Skippy items or pretty scant section even though we could identify there were long-standing consumers within that marketplace. And so they were quite receptive to the notion of us getting back in and becoming supportive behind it. And we coupled that with promotional support. Clearly, it -- especially on a year-over-year basis, if you think about it, this was the quarter that last year the business was for sale. So I don't blame the seller that they probably weren't spending a lot of time promoting the product that quarter. So on a year-over-year basis especially, we certainly drove some added feature activity but our feature spending on this item is now at a level that's kind of commensurate with being the #2 player in the category. It allows us to generate some good solid growth in terms of the top line but also is living up to our performance expectations in terms of margins.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, exactly, Akshay. So the timing, I mean, we're looking at back-to-school time for the advertising. I mean, we're still settling on kind of the final new campaign themes and what the media elements will be. But I would -- you should look for it in the later part of our fiscal year as the kids go back to school in the fall. And then the new product innovation -- and we have some closer-end things that will hit the market here soon. But in terms of kind of a more major, what we talked about, sort of the out of the jar type newer opportunities, those definitely are more 2015, probably not even right out of the gate 2015. But we'll follow on soon after when the marketing kicks off.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, for us, the center of the store was somewhat choppy. I mean, we had items such as SPAM and Compleats that ended up having declines year-over-year. And so certainly, you can look at those and say, gee, we're experiencing some kind of at least short-term contraction of those franchises in this current environment. On the other hand, we had several items that did well, like bacon bits and chili and HERDEZ and Wholly. And so we were, I guess, blessed, if you will, with a lot of niche relatively young items in some cases that are still finding more and more consumers. And so we're maybe a little less than the mode of having a lot of high household penetrations, extremely mature franchises. And so we seem to be able to expand our consumer base even in this current economic environment.
Jody H. Feragen: Wow, that's a lot of questions in one question. Certainly, the industry condition leaves supplies uncertain for, I think, a lot of folks in the industry, and we would expect higher hog prices to result from that. And that's pretty much reflected in what we're seeing in the futures market. Our team has worked hard to identify gaps that we see in our supply chain, along with our internal supply, as well as our producers. And we will look to make sure that we try to secure enough production to make sure that we can meet our customers' needs and the needs of our value-added businesses. Did that answer all your questions? I'm trying to remember what the rest of them were.
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, I don't really have a specific decline number for us because, as I'd indicated, we've been working to fill some of those gaps, so might be even a little early to tell. The benefit is, is that it's moving across the country, if you will, in waves so that it's not all going to absolutely hit one particular period.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, Farha. This is Jody. We always evaluate where we're at with our cost structure and the prices that we go to the retailers with. And in some instances, like the supply chain items, it's probably a more rapid change. Certainly in some of foodservice areas, we have contracts that have levers that move along with the cost of goods. I would expect that we'll continue to evaluate and look at where we need to take pricing. And if it's appropriate at the time, we'll -- we won't be the only ones with those higher input costs in the industry.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. From the retail perspective, I would say the team's probably looking at it right now. It'll be dependent on evaluating those gaps in our supply chain and what we think it's going to do to us internally. So I would believe the team is working on it now.
Akshay S. Jagdale: So the underlying sort of profitability of the business continues to move in the right direction. It's I would -- is it fair to say that this issue should be transitory? And it seems like a couple more quarters is sort of what you're expecting.
Akshay S. Jagdale: Okay. And then on refrigerated, I thought it was a very good quarter if you look at margins on a per-pound basis, probably the best one you've had in couple of years. So was it really that good? And then how do I parse out the -- or reconcile the commentary on the REV wraps and the volumes being down? I know there's a lot of moving parts, but clearly, the REV business is doing well, but will it start to show up in the revenue numbers? Or -- and if so, where? I'll pass it on.
Akshay S. Jagdale: And now you're going to put some marketing behind it and then sort of the innovation piece will come after that. Is that how we...
