Jim Snee: Yes. I mean really, Ken, we haven't seen any elasticity across any of the portfolio. As we've said, really strong demand across all channels and all categories. And for us right now, I mean, there's just so much noise in distribution and fill rates, demand being strong. And we just haven't seen that elasticity yet. As you would expect, we're continuing to monitor all the various dynamics but just haven't seen it yet, and it's really, really hard, with all that noise, to draw a line and stand to say when we're going to start to see it. You know it's going to come, but it's just really hard to project when that's going to happen given all the other issues I described.
Jim Snee: Sure. Thanks, Ken. Actually, I'm going to start with the last part. Obviously, a year from now, we expect to be in a much better position. And when we think about not only the continued improvement with labor that we're seeing across the entire supply chain, the added capacity that we've recently completed, projects that we have in the queue that we've talked about and then a lot of other small projects as well as continuing to build out our co-manufacturing network, a year from now, we will be in a much better position. As we progress throughout the balance of this year, we expect to be incrementally better as we go along. And so the biggest driver right now is our ability to continue to add labor to our facilities. I'd say right now, we've got about 1/3 of our plants that are fully staffed and have made progress across all of our plants. If you remember, in our last conversation, I talked about how we have made progress in some select plants, now we've made progress in all of our facilities. And all of that's going to lead us to be in an incrementally better position throughout the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Tom, it's a great question. And as we've talked about, we're starting to see margins improve quarter-over-quarter. And really, the driver is our pricing, right? And so our pricing is catching up with inflation. But of course, inflation continues to move further and further away from us. And as you think about pricing, there's really, in my mind, 3 ways to think about it. There's the pricing that's fully implemented. There's pricing that we currently have in process. And then there's pricing that's really yet to come. And so that's what's going to drive the margin improvement. And we do, for the rest of the year because of that pricing, strong demand, expect continued quarter-over-quarter improvement.
Jim Snee: Yes, it's a great question, Peter, and you've hit it right on the head. I mean we are optimistic about the Planters business, and there's a couple of things to consider. The IRI data only covers a portion of the business, albeit a large portion. There's still a significant portion in our foodservice or convenience channel that's really off to a good start as well. But your comment is exactly right is that we have had service level issues in Q1. It's fair to say that we've had a disproportionately amount of lower fill rates across the board. We talked about how we now have this business under our full control as of Q2. And in the first period of Q2, I mean we've already seen improvements in fill rates. And so the team has done a really nice job with Planters and doing what we said we were going to do in terms of how we invest in the advertising. Of course, we had our Super Bowl ad that we ran, the work that we're doing in innovation, introducing a new sweet and spicy flavor, with packaging innovation yet to come. Our sales team, now that they've got their arms around the business, are doing a nice job expanding distribution. And then I mentioned the foodservice channel with convenience stores really have an impact there as well. So that's why we're so optimistic. But your read through in terms of service levels and fill rates in Q1 is exactly the issue in the short term.
Jim Snee: Yes. So we'll probably tag-team this one, Peter. As we think about what's happened in the Jennie-O operating environment, obviously, it's become an incredibly dynamic this quarter, when you see what's happened with some of the fundamentals, all of which are favorable. And so it's really hard to go through line by line in such a volatile environment. The key takeaway remains so that there's a long-term strategy here that will alter this business to become more demand-oriented. And that's really the most important takeaway in all of this. And so the team has done a lot of great work in terms of how we are going to optimize this business over the long term, how we're going to leverage the strengths of both Jennie-O Turkey Store and the parent company. Obviously, we talked more about the integration of some of the sales and marketing efforts going forward. And I mean, those are the things that are going to get us to the long-term strategy of that demand for key value-added products over the long term. And so that's really the key takeaway. I'll let Jacinth maybe talk a bit more about the grain prices.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean it's really hard, again, Rupesh, to say when that's going to happen, what behaviors have changed. What we do know is from a foodservice perspective, there is pent-up demand. This has been a bit of a roller coaster ride over the last 2 years in terms of starting and stopping consumers, being able to get out and travel, go on vacation, then actually have to retreat back to the home. And so again, it's hard to project exactly when and how those shifts are going to take place. The important part here is how we've built this portfolio, the balance that we have across the organization, both foodservice and retail. So as that shift occurs, we're going to be well prepared to take advantage of it. But I do think, again, the foodservice business has obviously demonstrated incredible growth and we really don't see any signs of slowing down because of that pent-up demand that I described. In addition to that, it's the great work that our direct sales team is doing to connect with operators who, even though they're seeing improvements in labor, they still have challenges. And so all of that, again, leads us to be very optimistic about the entire portfolio and the intentional balance that we've built across the portfolio over the years.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean I do think the avocado situation was a bit out of the ordinary for this time of the year, and so we do expect that business to get better throughout the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, Ben, we don't have any supply issues. Product is -- a lot of the product is actually produced in Mexico. What we are -- I mean what we have is obviously the runoff in the cost of the avocados that's impacted the performance of the business in the short term.
Jim Snee: Yes, Ben, it's a great question. From our point of view, the work that we're doing is being done to eliminate the volatility in the earnings. And so by doing this, we know that we're going to be able to improve the quality of earnings over time and reduce the volatility. And so really, that's how you should think about it. As we're sitting here today, you've got obviously, breast meat prices at significantly higher prices. You've got corn and soy at very high prices. So there's just a lot of moving parts and a lot of volatility. But the big driver, again, the most important thing to take away is that this is going to be a demand-oriented businesses -- demand-oriented business that will have less volatile earnings over time.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean right now, Michael. I mean, we expect it to continue because it really is all about supply. And just it goes back to the point about all the noise that's out there in distribution, fill rates, strong demand. And really, until some of those issues work themselves out, it's going to be hard to prognosticate about elasticities. Do we expect there to never be elasticities? Again, no. But what we do know is that we've got to solve -- continue to solve the supply side of the business, and then we'll have a better view on elasticities over time.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's -- like it's a combination of all those things. I mean, we are seeing some retailers who are continuing to perform better. I referenced the other part of the business in foodservice. And then until we had total control of the business, we were expecting some of these disproportionately lower bill rates and then that came to fruition. So it is, it's a little bit of a rethink. What we do know and what we're so optimistic about is having this business under our control, full control operationally, total supply chain, obviously, the sales part. It just allows us to be able to run the business the way that we want to run the business. And then I talked about C-stores and foodservice, but you've also got the club channel that's not included in the scanner data either. So there are parts that aren't in there. And you add that to the supply chain issues, we feel like we've got it under our control. We're ready to continue to drive this business forward.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Rob. You're right on the Super Bowl ad, obviously, we had a -- there was a commitment to that work. But I would say that it didn't build any ill will with retailers. Supply disruptions are so broad-based in today's environment. That wasn't an issue. It did accomplish exactly what we wanted it to do in terms of brand building, making sure that we were getting the impressions in the marketplace that we wanted to get. To your point, we were able to get still a lot of display activity. But we would consider the Super Bowl ad a success. And then in regards to margins, we have built in continued inflation throughout the year. We've also built in some continued pricing. As I said, we've got pricing that's built-in process and pricing that's yet to come. That's going to contribute to that margin improvement.
Jim Snee: Yes. For sure, Rob. Absolutely. We've seen some improvement, but we expect that to continue throughout the year.
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. A couple of questions in there. So we are very optimistic about the international business over the long term. We expect these logistics challenges to be temporary, same with the COVID restrictions that we experienced in China. What we're so optimistic about is the platform that we have built and continue to build across the entire International business. The strongest part of that foundation is in China, where we've been the longest, we've learned a lot about the business, we've added infrastructure and feel like we can continue to leverage what we already have and continue to scale up that business. And not just in China but also throughout Asia Pacific because of what we've done in China. And so we have not backed off at all of our M&A strategy, whether internationally or domestically, to be honest with you. We're continuing to look for those opportunities that fit into the strategic initiatives that I laid out in my prepared remarks. So we know that we have the financial wherewithal. We have the structure in parts of the world where we can do additional M&A. It's all about finding the right opportunity at the right time. And we continue to prospect for those opportunities internationally and domestically.
Jim Snee: You're thinking about it the right way, that, that would be the baseline and there will be additional opportunities.
Jim Snee: Yes. There's a couple of things there, Adam. I mean the first thing is that the demand across the portfolio remains exceptionally strong. And as we've said several times, we cannot fully supply all of that demand. GP had a significant impact in terms of inflation, freight, steel, aluminum, trim, avocado. So it really was across the board and broad-based. The thing that we have done, obviously, is we've taken pricing to offset that. And we've got, again, pricing that's in process and some pricing that we're evaluating that can be yet to come. And so they have had that significant inflationary impact, but the demand across the business remains extremely, extremely strong.
Jim Snee: Yes. So you're exactly right, Adam. The decline was due to the effect of the new pork agreement. But the biggest driver for us right now is this added capacity. And so we've got our pepperoni capacity that's up and running in Omaha. We've started additional bacon capacity in a number of different locations. We've talked about other projects and building out our co-manufacturing network. And all of those are having a very, very positive impact on Refrigerated Foods because, again, both the retail and foodservice demand remain incredibly, incredibly strong.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean -- so look, I just want to make sure I understand the question, Eric. I mean, we've taken pricing on everything. So there's, again, some pricing that's fully implemented. We've got some pricing that's in process. We've got pricing that's yet to come. And then we're still evaluating the need for future pricing. So we're pretty aggressive on the pricing front in GP and Refrigerated Foods.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean the biggest thing there, Eric, is they're going to be elevated. For all the reasons that you described, we do expect them to continue to be elevated and we expect them to continue to be volatile. I mean, the other element of this to consider is labor. And we do expect to see continued improvement in labor. But we've talked in the past about raw materials that are impacted by labor and pork trim. And so as we continue to get more labor, we'll be able to do more boning and get more pork trim, but we also know that all the variables you described will have an impact leading us to those higher costs.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. I do want to take a moment to recognize Nathan Annis, who is completing his final earnings call as Director of Investor Relations as he transitions into his new role of Vice President of Corporate Development. Nathan has done a great job helping us to evolve our Investor Relations messaging over the last 5-plus years. I know he'll be equally successful in his new role. And replacing Nathan is Dave Dahlstrom, who has been alongside Nathan over the last several years and is well prepared to assume this very important role. I want to personally congratulate both of them as they begin their new assignments. In closing, we remain very optimistic about our business and we are well prepared to navigate the balance of our fiscal 2022. Again, thank you for joining us, and have a great day.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So the expectation, Tom, is exactly that, that we'll continue to see that expansion for the second quarter, but also continuing through the rest of the year as well.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just to add to that, with all that Jim has just mentioned, we expect Planters to continue to perform at the top end of the guidance that we have given.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. As it relates to the green prices, certainly, the costs that you're seeing and the prices that we're seeing is included in what we have hedged. And so we are more hedged than normal. So we feel good about being able to just cover down some of that headwind from a grain price perspective.
