Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We saw no change in terms of mark-to-market, so that did not affect the results in Q4 at all. In terms of our expectations for next year, the team is doing a great job at overcoming steep cost increases that have been coming at them for several periods now, and will continue to into next year. They've done that in part with efficiency gains in the operation, and in part by pushing pricing in the various value-added segments. I think our advertising campaign for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand has also helped support value-added sales growth, and we seem to have good momentum heading into next year for -- with those value-added products.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, I'll probably let Kevin provide a follow-up to you maybe later in terms of any additional specificity. But clearly, we've said for the last several years that we're actively involved in hedge programs on our material grains for the major operations at Jennie-O. We've guided to between a 25% and 75% coverage range. We did say last year, for 2011, we were on the upper end of that range. Heading into 2012, we're kind of right in the middle of that range. But in terms of specific cost differences, we'll kind of have to do that on a follow-up basis.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. In terms of pricing in general, I think our refrigerated operations had been in pretty good shape as had grocery. What has been a little bit unexpected is the level at which some of those raw material inputs have stayed this fall. And so the teams are continuing to assess whether they have the right pricing in the marketplace to fully cover down those costs, and that will continue to be a challenge for them as they head into the beginning part of next year. The Jennie-O Turkey Store team, I think, has done a good job of trying to stay ahead in terms of pricing against their cost input, so they still have a little bit more coming as well. In terms of demand reaction, this is the -- we kind of view this quarter when all said and done has been fairly flat in terms of volumes. Obviously, reported volumes are lower than that. But when you net out the comparison just roughly, we're looking at a kind of flat quarter. And that's the second quarter in a row when the volumes have been flat. These have both been quarters where we had to take significant pricing, and so holding the line in terms of those volumes has been important to us. Clearly, in the long run, we're looking to grow volumes of our value-added franchises. But as long as we continue to be in this kind of pricing environment, you'll -- we'll continue to see more larger net sales increases than you'll see volume increases.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, and yes. You had 2 of them that have been certainly in our attention. Beef costs, certainly, have been a challenge for some of the value-added meal based items that utilize beef for both our Meat Products and Grocery Products groups. And then trim certainly is an important factor for SPAM, for our dry sausage items and those have been at elevated levels through the fall here.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I'm actually pretty happy with it. We had an up quarter, a clean-up quarter in the third quarter. For fourth quarter volumes were actually flat, but again, as you compare it, that was on a 13-week versus 14. So that was encouraging in terms of the volume signs. We have had an advertising effort against it, and indeed have now created a new ad campaign for the 3 major Hormel-featured items heading into 2012, so that will be Compleats, Natural Choice and Pepperoni. And then in addition, we unveiled a new label design at Investor Day in June, and have certainly been diligent at selling it into the retailers and getting into the market. And my observations are that on shelf, it's still maybe in about half the accounts. I mean, it takes a while to work through inventory. So we expect to have continued benefit as that new design and the new varieties are more readily available on shelf in 2012.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, we view Compleats more as a mainstream product line as opposed to a premium product, but I guess that's in the eye of the beholder somewhat. We have experienced since the recession hit, a little bit of a downturn initially in the business and now more of a leveling off and starting to grow slowly again, so it does. I think single-serve convenience items certainly were something that seem to be impacted by the recession. And so if we all end up coming out of that, we do expect that to be a further tailwind in terms of being able to grow that item.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Our read is similar to what you just described, Diane, in terms of how we're seeing those volumes. And then as we head into 2012, I mean, we do feel the grocery division has several solid initiatives that should allow it to continue to grow top line. It will be the 75th anniversary of SPAM. We'll have new advertising creative to help support that product line, and it has good momentum heading into the new year. But we do expect growth out of Compleats and then MegaMex, as we continue to add to that franchise, has had good experience in terms of growing our sales, and we expect to see that continuing going forward.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, that was, I guess, what I was referring to earlier was that we seem to be at component levels of certain of the raw materials, and we talked about beef and trim being a couple of them that are higher, quite a bit higher than historical rates, quite a bit higher than the normal seasonal trend. And so that's what we have to assess here is that are we just getting a kind of a hangover effect from pricing from the earlier part of the year, or is this establishing some sort of new norm for what these costs are going to be and, therefore, what we need to consider what our pricing should be accordingly.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we have to work very closely with our retail partners in determining the appropriate price for the item. I mean, clearly, we are still dealing with pressured consumers. The key measure to us is takeaway ultimately. If our franchises continue to grow, or at least in the short run, if we see some flattening, but not declines, we're satisfied with that as long as we see the other end of it and start seeing the growth coming. When you look at a lot of our franchises over the course of the year, we have a lot of franchises, not just in Grocery Products, but in our -- in the grocery store period that experienced very solid growth. So overall, I think we have that credibility with the retail partner that we're measuring the right mix of advertising, promotion, shelf price, et cetera, to keep these items healthy and to make their consumers are reacting to them.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, each year, they're looking at aspects of their operation both on the farm side and in the plant operations, where they think they can continue to attain efficiencies. I think we've given you sort of a general guidance for next year that we're looking at somewhat of a flat year for Jennie-O Turkey Store. And when you compare that to the large increases in that results that you've seen for the last 2 years, that certainly does show that our expectations of being able to generate those kind of huge savings are probably less in 2012. But we do think the team will continue to be able to show, at least, something in that regard.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O is always a tricky read for volumes because you max -- you mix in the macro trends and what are our bird numbers and then what are the value-added volumes. We are saying for 2012, we're going to continue to run a tight operation, with feed costs being where they're at. We want to make sure we have the right amount of meat to support our value-added businesses, but not a lot more. And so total volumes for Jennie-O, you'll see next year, as we report each quarter, may well be down to flat to down somewhat. But we always -- we'll also let you know what the value-added trend has been. And as was mentioned on today's call, our value-added trend was still positive. We saw growth in retail, deli and Foodservice. And so our expectation for next year is that they'll continue to grow net sales on a value-added basis, probably on small volume increases there. But the total volume of Jennie-O Turkey Store in a given quarter may well be down based on those macro conditions.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, in many ways, the Jennie-O benefits of the efficiencies, we've frankly reinvested in Jennie-O. I mean, we've been able to support very significant advertising campaigns the last 2 falls in a row. Within the Hormel part of the portfolio, I mean, really, we really have done less of kind of trying to take it from refrigerated and invest in grocery, and more just looking at the Hormel brand as a whole and, of course, it does go over both segments. I know we had -- so the Compleats items or in other years, Hormel Chili would be items we support for the Hormel brand in the grocery division, and our Pepperoni and Natural Choice and in other years, refrigerated entrées or Hormel items within refrigerated. The overall Nielsen trends in our items, especially when we look at them over the course of the totality in 2011, are favorable. We're very pleased with the kind of growth we're seeing. As we've said before, I mean, our items are still, relatively speaking, low household-penetration items with relatively low-buy rates. And so we can create improvements such as what we've generated in 2011 with fairly incremental gains. And we're confident the team can continue to deliver those.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, first of all, the cutouts will be a part of what we've also talked about in terms of timing of results for 2012. I mean, our first quarter last year, as everyone will recall, was a blowout quarter, highest quarter we've ever had, and one of the major contributors to that were the exceptionally high cutout margins enjoyed by Refrigerated Foods. We don't look for that to repeat here in 2012. Beyond that, I mean, it still does get back ultimately to growing those value-added franchises. And we think refrigerated, with both its retail aspect and its Foodservice aspect, should be able to steadily do that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Really, whole bird sales are highly dependent on what the customer wants in terms of when they take deliveries for frozen turkeys. Now fresh -- there's a small segment of the market that's fresh. Those are processed in our plant within 3 to 4 weeks of the Thanksgiving season, and those are not pulled forward. They're a very reliable sale during the month of November, but frozen sales can be delivered anytime from January, February of the prior year, all the way up until just prior to the holiday. And that, really, we do that in partnership with the retailer. They can take it either way they -- and this year, we just ended up having more wanting to take them earlier, and so we did reflect some of those sales earlier in the year in 2011. Too early to tell how 2012 will play out on a year-over-year basis. We started having those discussions with the retailer in about February or March of the ensuing year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In the aggregate, our hedge positions for 2012 are perfectly favorable to the current cash market. It certainly won't provide the major benefit that our hedge positions provided in 2011, but we're not ahead of the cash market right now.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, our Foodservice team, well, one of the measures we really study internally is how they're doing against their industry, and they just continue to generate solid results on that kind of a comparison. That being said, I mean, we started 2011 with some optimism, and things were -- there were some momentum building in terms of true volume gains early in the year, and then those kind of screeched to a halt in the total industry when gas prices started to go up in the spring, and so -- and it's been a choppy and tougher year since then. They ended up still showing some nice growth, especially of their higher-end items, the more highly value-added items, such as AUSTIN BLUES and Café H and Natural Choice, and those continue to be an area of emphasis for them. They continue to do an excellent job at not only serving the commercial trade within the restaurant world, but also a lot of the noncommercial vendors, and are growing their business there as well. In terms of price competition, it really is all over the board. It kind of depends on how differentiated the items are. Clearly, some of those market-based items within Refrigerated Foods, the bacons and the hams, those are price-competitive categories, but they have -- those prices have been going up a lot this year because the inputs are such a huge portion of the overall product cost, and everybody's facing those input pressures. But when you get into the more differentiated items, then you really -- frankly, you're pricing against the consumer. Thus, you need to make sure you're getting the right level to sustain your volumes against your following for that type of item, and it's less what the competition has had.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, the acquisition has been fully reflected now for Fresherized. So we have no new acquisitions to announce at this point, whether there could be other investments in the business to grow, and that certainly could happen, but it's unlikely at this stage to be at those kind of levels, absent a new acquisition.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, we -- I can probably provide you a little more of a narrative than what's the math. Clearly, in a business such as ours, we're always going to be spending money to support our plants to make sure they're state-of-the-art modern facilities. We do find ourselves in a position where we need to make investments periodically related to food safety, our employee safety that clearly will not have the financial returns that we would hold our other investments to. We sometimes have made additions to facilities in general. We did that to Dan's Prize. We did it to Jennie-O, and we did in Rochelle not too long ago. Clearly, we added the Dubuque [ph] plant not too long ago. And then Jody alluded to -- regardless of bricks and mortar, there are times that even within our current plant facilities, you end up having to make a fairly major expenditure just on a new and unique product line. In all of these latter examples I'm giving you though, we certainly would require our units to provide adequate cost of capital returns to our shareholders. And I think, over time, we've done a good job of doing that. So it's kind of a blend. This year's step-up in CapEx is really much more a product of what Jody mentioned, which is sort of a carryover just from a coincidental timing basis of a number of initiatives that got started in '11 rather than any one particular project that we can point to or a philosophy that's saying now, "Oh, we're not going to step-up to the 150 level on a regular basis." We've been kind of more at that 100 level, and that's probably more normal level for us.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In terms of specific targets for our teams, one of the commissions that we really not just ask Jennie-O but we ask all our teams to do, is to find efficiency gains within their facilities that offset as much of the plant-based inflation as possible. So obviously, wages tend to go up, benefit costs tend to go up, but our teams have been a very good job of making sure that our total operating cost are not going up at that level. But in terms of getting more specific to that, on Jennie-O, I'd have a hard time doing that right now.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, sure. No, I understand. I guess, similar answer to what I made -- said earlier about, I think, you can maybe gain something out of our guidance for Jennie-O for this year that we do think there's perhaps a little bit of a slowdown in the opportunities on the cost side to keep making those large gains that we are able to do over the last couple of years, doesn't mean we're not going to still find other incremental opportunities. In the long run though, Jennie-O, the Jennie-O story will be driven by value-added sales. It will be -- it's still a protein that is quite underutilized that on an aggregate-protein basis has been flat for 20 years. But clearly, if you look at our growth, we found value-added niche items that are connecting with consumers. But they're still at very low household penetration rate levels. Our ad campaign seems to be increasing those and in the long run, that's what's going to be the driver for Jennie-O for years to come.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess, I'd be hard-pressed giving you an exact number to it, though I definitely would agree with the conception that we've hopefully moved that average up. And the other thing we really tried to do by keeping our supplies as tight as we have is to narrow the range of possible outcomes. I mean, in some of these years with higher commodity markets, I mean, we frankly probably could make even more money in those years by having surplus commodity meat. But we've seen the opposite effect of it in the years, where they're plus favorable. And overall, we want to keep our team focused that you're raising turkeys to create value-added food items, and so that's still the game plan for 2012. We're keeping it tight based on the high grain inputs that we're seeing going forward. And the general industry in turkey seems to have maintained a decent discipline. But obviously, we're just one player in that, and others have to make their own decisions, but -- so overall, I do feel we've moved the average up. I guess, at this time, I don't have a new specific number to give you, but -- and hopefully, we've tightened that range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Again, it's one player at a time. It's an industry, the dynamic. There's 3 kind of larger players, and then there are a lot of other players in various parts of the segment, some more vertically oriented, some more based on the value-added items. So I can't tell you in general as to what the specific answer as to why it seems to, for example, be a little bit differently than, say, the chicken industry has. The products are different. I mean, in terms of how they behave in the marketplace, absent Thanksgiving, turkey is not a footballed item. It's not the hot feature in the grocery store. It's the Steady Eddie performer that has a certain niche following that like the items. And so we're not -- we're never going to be the lead item in the ad, but it has a good stable following. And maybe that supports the outlook of how the different players will get their supply sides. I don't know for everyone else.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Ann, from our perspective, they've remained fairly favorable. I mean, our 3 major areas in terms of the consumer items within our total portfolio would be Grocery Products, the Meat Products, part of Refrigerated and Jennie-O Turkey Store. And when I look at their focus items, we have a lot more items that are gaining share and are gaining volume than we have that are flat or declining. So again, I think our team has a pretty good recipe right now for where they're putting their pricing, where they're doing their promoting and what the advertising support that we're giving the items. The advertising focus for the past year was clearly on both the Hormel brand and Jennie-O Turkey Store. For 2012, we'll be adding a campaign that involves SPAM luncheon meat as well, and so we think Grocery Products will benefit from that. And then the MegaMex group also has advertised their major brands, and those continue to gain slottings in the stores.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We've talked before. The caveat I have to give you, Ann, is we're still kind of sorting through how we're going to handle in the long run these items that we're adding to the MegaMex portfolio. So, for example, thus far, Don Miguel and Fresherized show up on the equity and earnings line, but the sales are not in our sales numbers. That's different than the rest of MegaMex. As we integrate those items in, we may have to reassess that. And so if they do get integrated in on a percentage basis, that would lower our targets in terms of what grocery would deliver. If everything stayed the same, we would expect to sort of incrementally improve our results of Grocery Products from the level they were at in 2011, but it may not all stay the same.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess of the 2, we tend to focus a little bit more on the dollar side. But again, it really does vary by the different categories. I mean, the retail consumer items are the ones that tend to move more slowly that you have to give a certain notice to the retailer that we really want to observe what you have -- on the plus side, you have better data, you have the Nielsen data and so forth to really show you what the sales trends are. At the other end of the spectrum are the items that are much more market-based, whole turkeys, hams, bacon, et cetera. Those move quickly. There, again, you're just -- you're kind of trying to preserve, I would say, your dollar margin as best you can against what the cost inputs are. And then within the foodservice trade, it's much more customer-specific. Some are on matrixes. Some of them have certain notice requirements. But again, they're moving periodically to try to preserve a certain target margin range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it's probably an item that we hone in on maybe a little less. I mean, you know what you're trying to ultimately bring home in dollars. You see what kind of pressures you're under in terms of costs and what that does to price, and the rest falls out in between there.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really -- we've been able to do this Make The Switch campaign starting in Q3, Q4 of last year, and then it was off air for a while, and then it is back on again in Q3, Q4 this year. We've seen sustained volume trends on both turkey burgers and fresh tray pack that have been in the burgers' case, solid double-digit and fresh tray pack ranging from high single digit to low double digit. So we're very pleased with that. It seems to also have this kind of spillover effect we're looking to have on our other branded items that the whole concept of making the switch for health reasons to turkey isn't limited to burgers. We think that's a good carrier item. But clearly -- and then, I think -- frankly, I think the team did a really wonderful job of branding the spot. I think I might have mentioned at past conferences that our early efforts to really steer people on a healthful basis towards Jennie-O, I think, were good in terms of their message, but they weren't necessarily strongly associated with the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand. These new ads do a much better job of driving the brand as we've shown much enhanced awareness numbers for the brand.
Jody H. Feragen: I don't think we mentioned anything specific, Tim. But certainly, we've had 2 years before this, where we've been -- we were cautious at the beginning of 2010. And we didn't get our spending up to the levels we thought, and we worked hard on that in 2011. But it takes time to get some of these large projects going. So I have a significant amount of projects that have started in 2011 that will be completed and capitalized in 2012, plus a couple other good projects related to some exciting new products that we hope to introduce next year.
Jody H. Feragen: Farha, obviously, we don't have anything to announce today, so our priorities continue to be the same as I discussed with a previous question on CapEx. We're looking to do some internal investment. And I think there's some excitement around some of the projects we have going in there. I believe we've stated that our priorities are to invest in our business and that's part of it, investing in CapEx, but also looking at acquisitions, and we'll announce those as they come. But we also have done a nice job of returning to our shareholders with our dividend increase this year and last year, coupled with our nice share repurchase this year.
Jody H. Feragen: I think we are looking globally for opportunities. And as Jeff has stated in previous presentations, it seems to make sense that the Asia-Pac area would have particular attractiveness to us.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, if I look at just the spread between the USDA pork cutout and the Western Cornbelt for averages for what would be our first quarter, they were in the mid-to-low teens last year against the 5-year average that would be $5 to $8.
Jody H. Feragen: We haven't included any specific projects in there because that wouldn't show up in our capital expenditures. That just shows up as an investment in our MegaMex business. But I think there is some opportunity to make some further investments there, even with the franchises that we currently have.
Jody H. Feragen: No, for investments that MegaMex make, it will show up in that investments line versus acquisitions because we are not the acquirer. It's the joint venture that's making an acquisition. You probably got to look at both lines, I guess.
Jody H. Feragen: Let me have Kevin get back to you on that comment because I don't have that information in front of me to even give you these legs.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes, and that was part of what impacted our general corporate expense if you look at it on a segment level. Traditionally, you think about that inventory reserve moving, increasing when pork operating margins are higher, decreases as pork operating margins decline. So we had less of a reserve this quarter and last quarter because pork operating margins were declining vis-à-vis the prior year.
Jody H. Feragen: Right, and Akshay, you're asking for directions that I don't have to give you, and I would suggest you follow up with Kevin.
Robert Moskow: I want to know if you had quantified where you think maybe just industry packing margins were a year ago in first quarter, and where you think they are today, so that we can get a better set sense of -- your first quarter is going to be a really tough comp in Refrigerated Foods, and we want to make sure we're setting it up the right way.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Got it, okay. And then also, Jody, can you give us the number for CapEx spending this year? You kind of...
Robert Moskow: Okay, because I'm looking at your cash flow statement, it says $95 million increased investments, equity affiliates for 2010...
Robert Moskow: If the acquisitions are in a different line in the cash flow statement, what I'm really wondering...
