James Snee: Yes, Michael, thanks for the question. I mean there's a combination of things as we think about the back half of the year. foodservice will continue to be a driver in our business as it has been this year and previous years. But as we think about the availability of turkey, when we think about some of the capacity that we now have with projects that have come online, our most recent SPAM line or expansion of pepperoni, the continued growth and performance of the Planters business, and then the other variable to consider is as we think about the back half of the year, although they're not there today, we've built in some higher markets for the back half of the year.  So especially for those items where the pricing is more pass-through, you're going to have a topline impact but then all those other things contribute to both top line and bottom line. So those are the things that we really can control and that's what we're focused on as we head into the back half of the year.
James Snee: And just as a reminder, Michael, our foodservice business tends to be closer to the market with pricing than retail.
James Snee: Similar to the previous question, the turkey volume is volume that's coming back. And so as we -- as Jacinth mentioned, the impact of HPAI this spring has been minimal. We're now producing a full slate of items. We've got our sales teams focused and reengaged on selling turkey. You don't just flip a switch after a year of not having turkey, but they are focused and reengaged. And so that is, call it, new replacement volume, whatever the right term is, that's, that returning volume on the turkey side of the business.  We have been capacity-constrained on a couple of the categories I mentioned earlier. So having those freed up, allow the sales team to go out and sell. And then the really good work that our team has done on Planters really has the opportunity to drive additional top line and bottom line in the back half of the year. And maybe Deanna can add some color on some of the -- maybe some of the categories.
James Snee: Sure. Thanks, Ben. On the retail side, when we think about the mix, again, it's always a mixed bag. We've had our bacon business, which has had a positive impact. Planters has had a dilutive effect on mix. When we think about what's happened in China, and so -- there's a lot of moving parts across the entire portfolio even when we think about the commodity side of the business and what's happened. But I think the retail team is focused on the right opportunities to drive and improve mix. And when we think about the sales and volume opportunities in the back half of the year, a lot of those are improved mixed items.  The foodservice team does a great job historically of really laddering up and increasing the value-added proposition of their portfolio. And so we expect that to continue. And then in the International business, just as China moderates and we see that inflection point and improvement as markets open up for them to be able to move more product. We see that mix improving as well.
James Snee: Ben, I think probably the most important piece here is when we think back to the back half of last year, and where our volume was down of 30%. That was very, very significant. And so as we're looking at the back half of this year, we do expect Q3 to be relatively flat, maybe a slight increase. And then in Q4, would expect an increase. Specifically on the International business, there are some nuances with the Jennie-O Turkey business as we've restructured the business and moved into our Go Forward model. A lot of that responsibility was in Jennie-O this year.  It's in the International business, and they've been negatively impacted by market closures tied to AI. And so we've already started to see some markets reopen, which will allow them to move additional volume and then also, obviously, additional margin with that.
James Snee: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tom. I think there's a couple of things to consider. And historically, I get the point of reference, but I would say this is a fundamentally different business that we're operating today. And so as we think of Q3 in terms of cadence, we do expect to be marginally higher than last year. To your point about the work that remains as we said on our first quarter call, we had very clear priorities and team did a great job executing against them, but the work is not done. And so we do expect to see some of those benefits in Q3, additional benefits in Q4. So we'll -- the work is not done, team is doing a great job, but the priorities remain the same for us.
James Snee: That's a lot to unpack, Peter. I'll do my best here. I think, again, starting at the end, demand is always important. But this idea that we need some unbelievable demand acceleration, that's not necessary for us to be able to deliver growth in the back half of the year. And I know it's going to sound repetitive, but a big part of this is getting turkey back, getting that full assortment back, being able to now sell in some categories that were capacity-constrained, stabilizing and growing that Planters business. I mean those are all the things, in addition to the other parts of the business that are growing already.  And as we think about the segments that you asked about, Retail has got a lot of dynamics and a lot of puts and takes. So even if we said retail volume will be relatively flat, we do expect volume growth in foodservice and International. And when we roll all of that up, your number or your estimate is appropriate, and we've got the ability to get there with all the dynamics I mentioned.
James Snee: Yes, Rupesh. So when we think about just the consumer dynamics in general, and I'll let Deanna add some color on the retail space. But I think the one thing that we don't want to lose sight of is the fact that we've counted and we've built very intentionally this balanced business model. And so in this really dynamic environment, dynamic is probably an understatement, we really benefit from that balanced business model, whether it's premium tier, value tier, think about the alternate channels, protein inputs. I mean, there's a lot of balance across everything that we do. And that really benefits us in this environment.  From a foodservice perspective, the volume and then the business remain strong. And so the team -- recently at the National Restaurant Show and the feeling there is a level of maybe cautious optimism, but optimism, nonetheless. And as you think about, people are still traveling. And what we're seeing in all the different segments, which again, is the balance that we've built in that foodservice business as well, really serves us well. So that's why we're still optimistic about the foodservice business. We believe the demand is there. And then we also -- we believe that our focus on the different segments allows us to capitalize on opportunities as that business can shift from segment to segment.
James Snee: Got it. Thanks for the question, Adam. And I do think it's the offset in terms of the return of the volumes and that tonnage increase in the back half. And you're right, we've seen markets come down, but there is that corresponding offset because we just haven't had that volume to sell. And so our ability to be able to now have the value-added products on a regular basis, whether it's the lean ground turkey and retail or having a full product offering on the foodservice side of the business, that's really a differentiator.  And the bottom line to all of this is that it is great to have turkey back. Right? So fundamentally, in our portfolio, turkey is a very, very important part of what we want to get done. And so we're glad to have this volume back, the ability to regain focus on the value-added portion of the business is what our team is focused on right now. And like I said, you don't just flip a switch when you haven't had something that's held for a year, but the teams, retail, foodservice are very aligned and focused on moving turkey again in the back half of the year.
James Snee: Well, thank you. While very dynamic, the second quarter demonstrates our team's ability to do what we say we're going to do with the appropriate sense of urgency. I'm very proud of the work the team did this quarter to set us up to deliver sales and earnings' growth in the back half of the year. We are still focused on the same priorities and remain confident in our team's ability to deliver the results that we expect. Thanks to all of you for joining us this morning.
Deanna Brady: Michael, thanks for the question. This is Deanna. Relative to retail, we've taken pricing in Q2 in a few categories. We have a few categories we're looking at as we head into Q3. But we're being extremely mindful to protect both our margins, but also to protect our relationship with our customers and our consumers. I think when we approach the retailers with the right information that support the price increase, we've been able to come to terms and move forward. We've always -- obviously, it's their job to protect their margin. It's their job to protect the consumer. Those aren't new conversations to us in regards to approaching pricing. So it's really about having all the data and the facts to support what you're doing and why.
Deanna Brady: Sure. As we think about volume in the back half, we're really encouraged to have turkey back with the ability to promote. So we're out actively setting up promotions for the back half of the year with our retailers. Bacon continued to enjoy growth in the first half, and we don't see anything stopping that in the back half. The brand performed really well in regards to gaining new households as well as gaining growth in the marketplace. We'll continue to support those brands with both promotions, with advertising as well as innovation, which was planned as we added capital in the areas of bacon, pepperoni and as we think about Columbus and Planters, you'll see really advertising, promotion and media across all of those as well as innovation.  So we feel good about the volume through, again, turkey, bacon, pepperoni, Columbus, Applegate and Planters as we saw some improvement in Planters most recently at the end of the quarter and have plans as we head into the back half.
Deanna Brady: Thanks for the question. It's really a couple of different things. Some of it will be catch up, not necessarily based on markets, but it will be a collection of the input costs going into our items. We also have to factor in, we've invested into capacity, and obviously, depreciation comes at us as a result of that. So we're always thinking where we need to grow and obviously, growth has to be paid for. The other piece would be looking forward in regards to some of our markets that are a bit more annualized as we start looking into next year and where we're expecting some input increases and positioning ourselves for that to maintain our margins as well as to be able to ensure we can invest in our brands through trade and advertising.
Deanna Brady: Yes. So as we think about the back half, if you recognized last year, we didn't have trade promotions in place. So a lot of the work we're doing with our retailers is jointly talking about category growth as well as where are the consumers at and really trying to pull strategies that leverage trade. We've shifted some dollars from below the line to above the line to continue to support promotions as well as a lot of in-store activation, coupled with advertising.  And so while we may start with a price request, we can come to the table and talk about price is only one factor and what else do we need to do together to really think about category growth as well as ensuring that the consumer is remembering what value our brands play in their life. And price doesn't do that alone. And so we really tend to come to the conversation with them, really focusing on -- that's one thing. Let's talk about that. But let's talk about how we can bring in pricing promotion as well as displays into the store, and that's what you'll see from us in the back half.
Deanna Brady: Rupesh, what I'd add for the retail side is we're seeing consumers be extremely intentional about their spending, not only where they're shopping, how they're shopping, and then what types of items they're buying. As a result, we continue to see consumers gravitate towards -- surprisingly, our premium offerings. And when you think about -- so think about a party tray or Columbus circuitry board, those are items that are bringing value to their lives and are a part of their family and something that they're extremely proud of.  So parts of our portfolio may have some near-term impact, but a lot of our brands are really still very, very important. And as I mentioned earlier, that's why we continue to pulse advertising and promotions and then store activation. So that I remember the role that the brands play.
Jacinth Smiley: Thanks for your question, Ben. So just to start off, we are in a very strong financial position and continue to be. As we look at the spend, the spend is absolutely in line with our historical levels. And quite frankly, I mean we've gone into the year with an expanded CapEx spend, and this is just a natural fallout that happened as you go to execute for different reasons, there is slippage that actually happens when we try to execute so many projects during the year.  That being said, we're in a great position in terms of what we've invested in our capacity for the business and also what we need to do from a maintenance perspective.
Jacinth Smiley: The other piece I'll also add there, Adam, is that the team has done a really, really good job from a supply chain standpoint. And as we -- as you think about the profitability, the yields have been really good and have improved the bird performance. And so that will definitely help us as you think about margins.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So I'll start off by saying, I mean, we continue to generate really strong cash flow, and we expect that to continue and improve through the rest of the year. And so that continues to give us that healthy balance sheet I talk about and just being able to flex as needed from a cash utilization standpoint for the business. So we're not feeling any different about our cash flow and our availability and ability to generate cash.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So definitely met expectations for the quarter and the detail around your second piece of the question, Adam, you can definitely follow up with David on that piece.
