Jacinth Smiley: Yes. Good morning. So yes, so the pension and feed costs definitely headwinds as we go into 2023. The split between the two is about $0.10 related to feed and $0.05 related to pension costs. And as it relates to our MegaMex business, we expect avocado prices to continue to go down. So that will translate into positive impact for us on our MegaMex business.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So we have -- in the plan for 2023, the $350 million of CapEx plan of that, the maintenance portion is fairly consistent with what we have on a yearly basis at about $125 million of that number. I mean in terms of rollover, we certainly have pieces coming over from last year, which is relating to our SPAM and on our China expansion that we're doing.
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Tom. So our capital allocation policy and approach will remain -- it still remains the same. And so, yes, I mean, we're happy that we continue to generate very strong cash flow, and we will continue to deploy it strategically as it relates to paying down the debt. We still believe that is not the best use of our cash today. Our first payment doesn't come due until 2024. And so again, we'll continue to be strategic. We're continuing to look at opportunities from an M&A perspective and aligning those with our six strategic priorities. And so that is really how we'll think about deploying our funds, paying our dividends, continuing to remain a dividend aristocrat. That's very important to us. And in terms of the cadence of how we deploy the funds, as I talked about, that still remains consistent with our strategic approach for deploying our cash.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning. Ben. So, I mean, it varies category-by-category. As you know, we've got some categories where the elasticities are performing at more historical levels. I think probably our legacy grocery products, which show a big part of that being our new convenience meals pillar. But then we've got some others where we're seeing elasticity, but not quite to the rate that we would have historically. The thing that is positive for us is, we're not seeing anything above historical levels for elasticity. And so that, let's say, a really, really good thing. The other part that we need to make sure we're thinking about is our foodservice business. A significant part of our overall portfolio. That business -- the demand continues to remain strong. Portfolio is well positioned, and that team is just doing a great job not only driving new demand, but also taking share.
Jim Snee: Yeah. And just on that note, Ben, as we've said in our comments, SPAM capacity will come online the early part of 2023. And then really the China capacity that Jacinth references will really come online until 2024.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think as you think about our portfolio, again, going back to our legacy Grocery Products portfolio. We've taken significant pricing but haven't quite covered down all of the inflation that we're seeing. But as part of that, and you know this, Ken, is we're being very sensitive to some of the price gaps that are out there in the category. So we've had to watch that closely. We're seeing some of those gaps start to narrow as others are moving. So that's a good thing. And then we are continuing to look at certain categories. But as always, we're going to have to be very, very strategic. But I would say, as we think about our overall portfolio, that's probably the biggest gap that we have.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think in our prepared remarks, Ken, we talked about growth really being driven by foodservice and international. As I said, we expect our foodservice business to remain strong. Our current demand is very positive. Portfolio is well positioned. Our international business, we expect to bounce back and some of those headwinds moderate. The retail business, which is experiencing the biggest change in this new operating model is certainly going to have the impact of some of the feed costs that Jacinth has talked about. So consistent with what we said in the prepared remarks, we really expect the drivers of the growth to be foodservice and international.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think the way you're just -- Rob, first of all, our apologies. Secondly, the way you're describing it is correct and that the feed costs as you think about the value-added business, the whole bird business, a lot of the commodity business that will be flowing now into retail will be impacted by those higher feed cost as just described. So I mean absent that the rest of the business as we think about the pillars are very positive.
Jim Snee: Yeah. You're opening statement is correct. Again, Rob, is that there's a lot of uncertainty as we think about the jobs business going forward. On our last quarterly call, we had talked about us being back to more normalized levels after the first quarter. Now, we're talking about the back half of the year. And then everything that you just described really all depends on the meat availability in our system and then what's available elsewhere. So there is just a lot of uncertainty in the jobs business throughout 2023.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, I think that's a good starting point. We've got feed costs. You've got breast meat markets, you've got supply. There's just so many variables there as we progress throughout the year. We'll certainly be keeping you well-advised.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Tom. As we're thinking about the earnings growth that we described, I mean we expect it to be fairly evenly distributed throughout the year, half one and half two. Clearly, we've identified the major impacts that are out there in terms of feed and the pension costs that we've already talked about several times. And as we go throughout the year, we we've talked about the need to really now find some supply chain savings. We've talked about the fact that we expect fill rates to improve -- continue to improve as we progress. We've got some pricing that will continue to roll forward. International, we expect to moderate and improve throughout the year. And so there are some things that will happen sequentially, but as we're looking at the business, we do expect it to be pretty evenly distributed between half one and half two.
Jim Snee: And from an M&A perspective, Tom, we are still very interested in international opportunities. We believe that we can continue to leverage what we've built in Asia Pacific, China. We've talked a lot about snacking and entertaining as we built out the SKIPPY portfolio, the Planters portfolio, also the work that we've done in Brazil. So international certainly remains a key area for us as we're thinking about the acquisition front.
Jim Snee: Good morning, Rupesh. I think there are -- just like you described, lots of puts and takes. We do know that we're going to have some positive impact from pricing. We expect strong growth, foodservice and international. We are bringing more capacity online in 2023. But then we also know that we've got elasticities that will be somewhat of an offset. But as we've already talked about, really the biggest wildcard in terms of the top-line for next year is jobs. And so knowing that we're dealing with this unprecedented fall event and it's already pushed back what we expect to be a more normalized level by a quarter. We have to wait and see what happens in the spring time. And so, really, that's the biggest unknown as we think about our sales outlook in 2023.
Jim Snee: As we're thinking about 2023, it's continued strength. The brands are doing well. All of the scan data for the most recent 13 weeks are showing really positive dollar sales growth. As you said, the foodservice business just continues to do really, really well, not only finding new opportunities, but they're also doing a really nice job of taking share.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Michael. What we've not factored in there right now are the pricing actions that we've taken. And so, again, if you think about the grocery products pricing that went into place in the fourth quarter, our Jennie-O Turkey Store pricing that we put in place really also in the fourth quarter. On the refrigerated side of the business, we've taken pricing on pepperoni. And so, we've got some pretty significant wraparound pricing there. And as we're thinking about 2023, just what I said earlier is, we're really watching the price gaps in the categories. We have to be very responsible. We are seeing some gaps close. And we're also looking at those areas where we can be a bit more precise and strategic. So what we have in there today is already what we've taken, but we are assessing where there are those opportunities and where it's necessary going forward.
Jim Snee: Yes. As we're thinking about it, the headwinds that we've covered down or had to cover down over the last several years are pretty significant. And the team has done a great job, when we think about some of the commodity costs that we've had, we've talked a lot about freight and warehousing costs. So as we think about relief from some markets, we've got in still incredibly high markets, some of the packaging costs. We've got to do a better job of taking costs out of our supply chain and our operations. And so it's all of those things that we need to focus on, but also get some moderation on, which to say is going to happen in any specific point in time. If we've learned anything over the last three years is that's really hard to do. But thinking about the things that we can control and focusing on those things is really what's going to allow us to continue on this journey of margin expansion.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Eric. So, a couple of things. I mean as we head into this new operating model, I mean, clearly, we're going to continue to provide clarity and education. The key takeaway in all of this is really about how we are able to align our strategy with our structure. And although we've had all of our different reporting segments historically, we haven't had it as well aligned as it could be. So that's really where we're heading. David and the team will obviously be spending a lot of time on the education front to make sure everybody understands what is, where and why. From a Jennie-O perspective, as we think about how that commodity business in particular falls, it will fall between our retail and international business. And so there will be elements that will fall in both. When the other part of it, as you mentioned, is the foodservice piece, is there's still a significant Jennie-O business in our Foodservice segment. And then the other part you mentioned was just in regards to traditional pork commodity sales. And that business, I mean, our team has done just a great job over the last number of years, finding ways to really derisk the business, derisk the commodity side. And right now, we're less than 10%. And so that's a journey that we've been on for a very long time. We continue to stay focused on that. And the team has just done a great job. So hopefully, that gives you a little more clarity. But just so you know, as we get into 2023, we'll have those opportunities for education and further discussion.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Arthur. I would say that our Jennie-O business was actually in line with our expectations. And what we have said for the back half of last year, when we first started to see the outbreak was that we were going to have a 30% decline in volume in the back half of the year, and that's almost exactly what we saw. So the volume piece was accurate. Clearly, the drivers or what happened with the breast meat market, obviously, whole birds, so there's always a lot of moving parts. But I would say that, by and large, it met our expectations. And then I'm sorry, I missed the second part of the question.
Jim Snee: Yes. Arthur, I think David is going to have some follow-up calls. So maybe we'd be better served to handle that there.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you all for joining us this morning. As we close the book on our fiscal 2022, I want to once again thank our team for delivering such strong results for the fourth quarter and full year. I also want to thank the entire team for their hard work, as we embark on our new operating model. We still have work to do, but their efforts to date have been nothing short of outstanding as we create the Hormel Foods of the future. As we go forward into 2023, I want to wish all of you a happy, healthy and safe holiday season.
