Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We announced first quarter earnings this morning of $0.48 per share, down 13% from a year ago. During the quarter, we experienced weak pork operating margins and soft sales in the center of the store. Nonetheless, our current performance represents the second best quarter in our company's history. In terms of the top line, we generated a sales increase of 6% with gains in 4 out of our 5 business segments. Although total volumes declined 2%, the majority of the decline was due to a planned reduction in harvest levels at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment.  As you may recall from our November conference call, we had anticipated a challenging start to 2012. Though our overall results were not surprising, how we got there wasn't exactly as we had planned. Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment performed better than we expected and International turned in a good quarter, while our Refrigerated Foods, Grocery Products and Specialty Foods segments did not perform as well as we had anticipated. I will now take you through each segment.  For Grocery Products, segment profit decreased 9% on 3% lower sales. These results were prompted by significant input cost inflation and by decreased sales of our core products. We have encountered some sluggishness as consumers adjust to higher prices. Despite these conditions, we are seeing continued growth of our MegaMex product lines. Sales of Don Miguel products and the Wholly Guacamole refrigerated dips registered the biggest growth gain. Sales of our Hormel Compleats microwave meals declined slightly during the quarter as our new advertising campaign and the new product varieties and packaging have not yet been fully implemented at the store level.  Our Refrigerated Foods segment reported a 44% decline in operating profit, due primarily to unfavorable pork operating margins. You may recall that pork operating margins were particularly strong during our first quarter a year ago. Higher raw material costs also negatively impacted margins in our Meat Products group during the quarter.  Sales for our Refrigerated Foods grew 7% in the quarter, led on the Retail side by Hormel's Sliced Pepperoni, Hormel Country Crock Side Dishes and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats. Foodservice sales were also higher with solid gains from Hormel Natural Choice deli meats, AUSTIN BLUES barbecue products and Café H ethnic products.  Operating profit at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment increased 4% on a sales increase of 4% driven primarily by expanded sales of our retail value added products. Sales of our Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack items and turkey burgers were particularly strong as we continue to benefit from our Make the Switch advertising campaign late last year. We reduced our harvest volumes during the quarter in order to better balance our turkey meat supplies. Export demand also remains strong, supporting dark meat prices during the quarter.  Our Specialty Foods segment operating profit declined 4% in the quarter as higher raw material and freight cost negatively impact results. Sales by our Specialty Foods segment grew 14% during the quarter led by nutritional products, private label canned meats and gelatin dessert products.  In our All Other international segment, operating profit grew by 25% on a 17% increase in sales. We enjoyed strong exports of fresh pork and sales growth in our SPAM family of products. We also saw improved results at our Purefoods-Hormel joint venture in the Philippines.  As we stated in our Fourth Quarter Conference Call, we anticipated a more difficult operating environment in 2012 and for comparisons to be more challenging in the first half and to become more favorable in the back half. We look for pork operating margins to slowly improve as the year proceeds. Grain costs will remain volatile this year, but we expect our team at Jennie-O Turkey Store to continue to do a good job of maintaining margins. We are optimistic that sales in our Grocery Products segment and our Meat Products group will improve during the remainder of the year as our Hormel and SPAM brand advertising campaigns gear up. We expect our Foodservice Group to build upon their solid start this year as the foodservice industry shows gradual improvement. We are looking for better results from our Specialty Foods segment going forward as sales should continue to grow and the pricing we have implemented takes effect. We also anticipate enhanced operational efficiencies will improve profitability later in the year. We expect continued growth from our International segment, which is benefiting from a positive export environment and from their branding and marketing efforts. Taking all these significant factors into account, we are maintaining our fiscal 2012 earnings guidance range of $1.79 to $1.89 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the first quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, there's a few factors that could be coming into play. First of all, as many of the companies in the industry have had to push pricing, we certainly could be seeing consumer reaction to the pricing. Typically, over time, as consumers get used to both the new shelf price and new feature price, volumes return to a more normalized level. Secondly, it's really -- in our case, there's certainly is a potential of some -- of a weather effect. The areas where we saw the biggest weakness within Grocery Products were our canned good franchises, which for example, in the prior-year when there was a cold winter throughout the country and people were eating at home more often, we saw quite strong sales and that was where our biggest declines occurred this quarter. Really, if you look at some of the other items within Grocery Products, Compleats were down, but they were only down 3% on a volume basis. MegaMex was up 1% and that's not counting the Don Miguel sales, which as Jody mentioned, in the future will start counting within our total sales starting in the second half. And then lastly, we really have seen a mixed bag in terms of trends. There's no question that in terms of our total groceries results, the kind of tonnage that was delivered was lower than we had hoped. But we had some areas of very strong tonnage within the retail franchise. Our Natural Choice business did great during the quarter, we had good growth in Pepperoni and Country Crock, Jennie-O had big double-digit increases in their tray pack and burger numbers. So if you get away from some of the center aisle areas, we are still seeing very sold volume growth.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think what occurred this quarter that did sweep across both areas was unexpectedly high input costs and we knew it last summer, they spiked. We knew it for the full year this year, we were looking at general increases, but our early look had been this fall and early winter time frame would see more of a normal seasonal dip. So that did not really occur. And so when you get into whether its pork trim or some of the beef inputs, those areas that affect both franchises. So on Grocery, it affects the SPAM, it affects bacon bits when you have those higher pork inputs just as it does some of the items on the meat product side. And then beef, same thing. Some of our meal-based items Dinty Moore, et cetera, have really felt the squeeze from those higher inputs than we had anticipated.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we are seeing some increase in egg sets and poult placements and an anticipation of an overall volume increase in turkey of probably 3% to 4%. We're -- because we're so focused on our value-added portfolio, we want to keep it, our structure, as tight as possible. And that was part of why we went into this year with a diminished expectation in terms of overall production. And so we have the right balance to be able to maintain values in those areas. And in terms on how they're reacting in the marketplace, I mean, still very solid results on the retail side of the business. A little more softness in foodservice and deli. But overall, obviously, Jenny-O came through with a very strong quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. Our Hormel Chili was down in the high single-digit level, so it was definitely a soft year, kind of had that impact more similar to SPAM.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Definitely. So we, the Compleats -- for the Hormel Brand campaign, we're featuring 3 items this year: Natural Choice; Pepperoni; and Compleats. That advertising first went on-air on the last 2 weeks of the quarter, so not enough time to really impact Q1, but it's on-air right now. In terms of our new SPAM Creative, it's the first campaign we've had now in 3 years domestically for SPAM. That goes on-air here in late February and should have us a decent impact on Q2 and going into Q3.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we had a good fourth quarter with Specialty Foods and we definitely anticipated doing better in the first quarter. They didn't miss by a lot. I mean, it was in the range of $1 million. And then there's a lot of things that can go on in a quarter that can lose you $1 million. I think the team has their hands on those things. We did see volume gains. So we're good on the top line side in terms of Specialty Foods. So it really is a matter of creating the right efficiencies in the business and getting their pricing up, which they had to do that some during the first quarter and those will now be reflected in Q2.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I think the sales part we certainly can give you some good color now. The latter part, we might need then -- maybe I'll do a follow-up with Kevin to give you that kind of level of detail. In terms of sales, what has been reflected thus far in the sales line in Grocery Products are both of the franchises that the partners brought to the MegaMex venture, so that would be Herdez, CHI-CHI'S, MANNY'S, El Torito, La Victoria, those types of items. The 2 acquisitions that the joint venture has been subsequently made, Don Miguel and Fresherized Foods, to this date have not been reflected in sales. They have flowed through to the extent we've owned them through equity and earnings on our half of the profits. So what Jody announced this morning is starting the second half of fiscal 2012, we will be integrating the Don Miguel piece. We will be selling it through our sales force and running it through our invoicing system and our distribution system. And so from then on, those sales will start being reflected within the GP sales results. They won't change the profit any, because we still had our 50% share of the profits already in that business. And then in terms of the Wholly Guacamole, the whole Fresherized side, which is $100 million-plus in sales, those are still not being reflected through even with this change. We've just brought that on board and that's still being run separately.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, that's where -- I think we'd want to follow-up with you on that. I mean, this is going to be a partial year. Clearly, as we've kind of teed up in the past, we recognized it as we bring in sales that only have 50% earnings component that's going to change the outlook in the long run as to what should you see for a percentage operating margin from Grocery, it will lower it a little bit. But in terms of the exact number on that, we can give you what our normalized year will look like and maybe some sense for what the remainder of this year will look like. But I can't really do it on the fly here.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, I'll let Jody answer the second part. In terms of the first part. I think we probably saw a little bit of benefit from customers who had uncertainty about their supply availability in relation to Cargill's recall last year. We're building franchises for the long term and we're really -- when we have dialogues with customers, we make it pretty clear, we're not looking to be a 3-month fill-in item. There's this significant demand for this product line and we really look for customers who are going to build a program with us. So we think the business that we've added on primarily is a business that should stick with our franchise and should benefit from the fact that we advertise the brand and we promote it very strongly in the marketplace.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Tim, our goal for Jennie-O this year was to have them hold their own as best as they could with a strong year last year. And obviously they're off to a very good start in doing that. We would certainly point out that our 20% operating quarter, just as it was last year, the Q1 and Q4, they're strong quarters, that certainly is not the operating rate that we would anticipate maintaining throughout the year. But we feel they're a combination of the promotions they've done, the cost saving efforts that they have in place, the pricing that they've pushed, et cetera, at this point puts them in a good position to deliver against that goal of holding their own for fiscal 2012. In terms of the long-term, I mean, I think what we've suggested is we do think we've slid the range up, and we do think we've narrowed the range by tightening our bird supplies and making sure we're not a big player in the commodity meat realm of turkey. But clearly, there still is potential -- it's not always going to be exactly on one number. There still is a range of results that could happen at Jennie-O Turkey Store.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The Jennie-O performed probably a little better than we expected for the quarter, so we're pleased with their performance. But I don't see it as something that was a ridiculous outlier.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: In terms of the first part of your question, we -- I had not heard a lot from our group about retailer stockouts during that period of time. So we wouldn't attribute our results on either direction to that. Clearly, the focus of the sales team within the Grocery area is to get the right mix of features, pricing products to support the advertising that's about to get turned on and to then start getting -- reversing the trend in terms of those results. We're just 3 weeks into the new year. So I really don't -- excuse me, the new quarter. So I really don't have a read for you on that. In terms of one of the other major drivers of results, the pork packing margins that Jody referred to, those are still quite soft right now, and those are numbers that everybody can read and see. In terms of a quarter, I mean, not wanting to sort of fall back into the mode of giving quarterly guidance, I think I can at least say that our expectation for the unit -- for the total business for the quarter would be a flat to slightly up quarter. That's the kind of range of results, I guess, we're looking at for Q2.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Our group once again was able to outperform the industry, which is certainly one of the goals we have in terms of share within that category. So the industry was up slightly and we certainly did a little bit better than that. I would guess that there had to be some weather effect. I mean, if we're saying that, that went away from some of the centers or sections in retail yet the same amount of meals were eaten ultimately, clearly somebody benefited within the Foodservice segment. I think our team right now would say that they're guardedly optimistic in terms of those volumes holding, probably would have been even more so, except that -- I don't know, everyone's watching a little bit the recent spike in gas prices and what that might do to consumers. But putting that aside, we do feel we have momentum heading into the second quarter in terms of our Foodservice volume.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, the other thing that hurt us during the quarter was kind of what I was alluding to when I asked the question earlier about going across the franchises. The second piece was in addition to the margin of processing being squeezed, but the absolute value of the primals was higher than we thought, and not just the primals, the trim, et cetera. And so there were cases, particularly within our retail portfolio where we did experience some margin squeeze during the quarter, just because those inputs were higher than what we had anticipated. And in Retail, I mean, the pricing is just slower. I mean, you tend to have to give 60 days notice and honor your features and so forth. Our Foodservice Group did a better job of being very current with the pricing versus these changes in cost.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. On the second part, I mean, we look at cost on a total cost-in basis and that's what the team is seeking to price against and that's when they look to try to manage their whole system in terms of total cost. Then say, okay, netting in your hedge, netting in everything you see with your grain positions and what the current market is, what's it going to take to deliver a decent margin within the business, and the team's done a very good job of that. In terms of timing, I think the impact of most of those efficiency changes that we've been seeing now for 5 quarters. I mean, that they've been in place and the team continues to do a good job of bringing those home. So that definitely was a focus for the group. Probably occurred over a couple-year time frame and is still being executed very well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The Country Crock brand actually had a much more significant presence for Unilever in the margarine segment. And so that business, they are still selling everywhere. So what we have is a transitional agreement. We have the right to continue to use the brand in this category for it's either 3 years or 4 years, somewhere in that ballpark. We're already in the process of transitioning the item. We've added the Hormel brand to it, so it's now Hormel Country Crock. We note from our consumer research that frankly the colors and shape of the product are very -- of the package is very important also. So we have a high degree of confidence that as we phase out of the Country Crock brand, again, we won't miss a beat and the consumers will understand the product. And in a way, it will actually probably help us in the long run because we're selling it right with our Hormel Entrées and so it allows us to promote them with the same brand name. So we're in good shape with that, but we still have -- you'll probably still see the Country Crock on there for at least a little while longer.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, it definitely factors into the overall processing margin in terms of what the primals are worth and the product costs. I mean, the other element for us to point out at Hormel, though, in terms of the kind of sales impact, is we're really not a big player in terms of some of the more primal-oriented export markets in the area of pork. We tend to do more specialty items in those markets. And those have been -- we've grown them, but that's been much more consistent and it's much less susceptible to what the current market is.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We haven't really specified with the different Mexican acquisitions. It's definitely providing a benefit, though, to the overall GP franchise.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: And that -- and we had a pro forma we did the business acquisition on and it's meeting or even slightly exceeding that pro forma. So we're very happy with it.
Jody H. Feragen: Good question. I think you have to look at the comparisons that we have to the first quarter last year where we had abnormally large pork operating margins. But as the market generally does, it trends back to some more normalized levels. The fact that we're seeing those tighter spreads in the first quarter of 2012, we would expect them to come back to more normalized levels, but certainly below last year.
Jody H. Feragen: I would think that exports probably play a part in it. So the demand side of exports have been strong. We also saw, perhaps, a little bit larger harvest in the first quarter from the industry standpoint. So whether that ran up the prices of live hogs, that could be part of the impact.
Jody H. Feragen: As far as regarding hedges, I would say that in 2011, we had a more aggressive position on our hedges as well as that more favorable prices than we do in 2012. So we actually saw a rise in our overall feed costs for Jennie-O for the quarter.
Jody H. Feragen: I guess I'll take that, Robert. I haven't seen large-scale additions to capacity from a harvest standpoint. But some of that can be impacted by the number of Saturdays that get operated within the industry. And I think that we saw, perhaps, stronger than traditional numbers in the industry for the first quarter, particularly in January. So to me, that drives up the price of the hog. And then the export drives up the price of the components that go into the cutout out, and we call the difference between the 2 the pork operating margin and that's as best as I've been able to understand what's impacting that, and they still remain pretty soft today.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, I wish I had a crystal ball. We've had extremely strong exports for 2 years, 2 years of record, so record-over-record. Is that sustainable for a third year? They seem to be strong now, but currency has a lot to do with the impact on that. I don't -- I would guess that they'll still be strong, but I would probably suggest that they won't be record and that's just my opinion.
Jody H. Feragen: I mean, from a sales standpoint, we gave you some color of between $75 million and $85 million that would happen in the back half of the year.
