Jeffrey Ettinger: Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another solid quarter in terms of both earnings and sales. Earnings for the third quarter were $0.36 per share, up 13% from the $0.32 per share we achieved a year ago. Total dollar sales of $1.9 billion were up 10% over a year-ago, and we were again able to register sales gains in all 5 segments.  This quarter once again demonstrated the benefit of our balanced business model as the strong performance by our Grocery Products, Jennie-O Turkey Store and All Other segments offset the softer results from our Refrigerated Foods and Specialty Foods segments.  I will now take you through each segment. Our Grocery Products segment reported an operating profit increase of 19% on a dollar sales increase of 4%. We generated solid sales growth from our SPAM family of products and Hormel Mary Kitchen Hash, and we were also pleased to see some nice growth by our Hormel Compleats microwave meals during the quarter. Sales of our Mexican food products continued to grow as our MegaMex food business contributed positively to our overall results.  The recently closed acquisition of Fresherized Food by our MegaMex Food joint venture adds an important component to our Mexican food portfolio. Guacamole is a rapidly expanding category as consumers increasingly use these products in sandwiches in addition to their use in a dip. The Fresherized Foods guacamole products are sold under the Wholly Guacamole brand, and they are sold in both the retail and food service trade channels. The products are processed using high-pressure pasteurization, the same technology we use for some of our refrigerated meat products such as Hormel party trays and Hormel Natural Choice deli meats.  Annual sales of Fresherized Foods are about $140 million. As with our Don Miguel products, these sales will not be reflected in our Grocery Products segment results. We look forward to the additional growth opportunities provided by this newest addition to MegaMex Foods.  Segment operating profit for our Refrigerated Foods segment declined by 12%, hindered by lower pork operating margins versus last year's historically high margins. Sales increased 10%. On the retail side, we enjoyed strong sales of Hormel pepperoni, bacon and party trays, Hormel Natural Choice deli products and Hormel Country Crock side dishes. The food service trade remains choppy. However, sales of branded products such as Natural Choice deli meats, AUSTIN BLUES BBQ products and Café H ethnic products grew during the quarter.  Our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment had another good quarter, with segment operating profit up 14% and sales up 11%. Continued strong sales of value-added products, increased efficiencies and higher commodity meat prices more than offset higher grain prices during the quarter. Sales increased for Jennie-O in all 3 value-added areas: retail, food service and deli, led by Jennie-O Turkey Store fresh tray pack, turkey burgers, turkey franks and turkey bacon.  Segment operating profit at our Specialty Foods segment declined 8% on a net sales increase of 11%. Segment profit results were hurt primarily by elevated raw material costs, which were higher than anticipated during the quarter. Sales of private label canned meats, sugar, nutritional products and blended products all grew during the quarter.  Our International All Other segment had another strong quarter, with segment operating profit up 67% on a sales increase of 35%. Results were aided by strong export of fresh pork and improved results by our joint ventures in the Philippines, Vietnam and Okinawa. Looking forward, we anticipate seasonally lower hog costs as we get into late summer and fall. We expect pork operating margins to remain higher than historical levels, but lower than a year ago during the fourth quarter.  The turkey industry remains in good balance, and we expect that status to continue. However, Jennie-O Turkey Store's margins will be impacted as we cycle in higher grain costs. Our brands are a big part of our success in growing our value-added portfolio, and we will continue to invest in those brands. For example, we were supporting the new design and varieties of our Compleats product line, with focused marketing and advertising. And we will continue to support our other Hormel branded products as part of the Life Better Served Hormel brand advertising campaign. We have also resumed our Make The Switch marketing campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store turkey burgers this summer and fall, featuring new TV ads. Given our results in the third quarter, we are again raising our full-year guidance range to $1.70 to $1.75 per share from $1.67 to $1.73 per share.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the third quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Overall, the reaction to the price increases has been reasonable from our perspective. As you pointed out, we have taken them throughout all the different business segments and throughout most of the portfolio. As we've talked about before, if we had items that we were not enjoying the kind of volume increases that we're looking to achieve, then in those cases, we've been slower to take pricing. But overall, most of the portfolio has been impacted. The reaction thus far from consumers has been positive from our perspective. Clearly, our volumes this quarter in terms of being flat in some of the segments shows a little bit of a slowdown in reaction to some of those price increases. But we're satisfied if we can hold the line there and continue to generate the net sales increase for both mix and pricing that we can continue to drive the kind of top line growth we're looking to drive. I can't really comment on which ones surprised us, but we did point out a number of franchises that enjoyed solid both volume and net sales growth in various parts of our business, including SPAM and the MegaMex products and Compleats from Grocery Products, pepperoni, bacon and party trays from the meat products group, Natural Choice deli and Austin Blues from food service, and then fresh tray pack burgers and franks from the Jennie-O Turkey Store branded offering.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think we're certainly driving to try to have that business be more in that, say, 10% to 12% range, and clearly as we finish out this year, we'll probably be at the upper end of that range. And then over time, we've also tried to do things to narrow that band and to reduce the total volatility, one of which is the production cuts that we put in place. Heading into next year, clearly, Jennie-O Turkey Store will be looking at some comp challenges, both in terms of some of what they delivered in the first half of the year, and also the fact that the grain hedges are rolling off in some cases. But that team is very aggressively pursuing efficiency gains and also the pricing they need to take to try to offset as much of those grain increases as possible.
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's really just been choppy was the word we used, and it's been extremely so even month-to-month within this year. I mean, the early part of the year, we started to see some more favorable signs from a variety of areas in the food service business, and then it seemed like when gas prices started to escalate, that took a lot of the air out of the balloon there. As we sit right now, it's inconsistent. There's parts of our business where we're doing better on the noncommercial side, for example. But overall, it's still very -- it's hard to read right now. I'm confident that our team and our direct sales force is really on top of the industry. We'll continue to outperform the industry numbers, but it remains to be seen what those industry numbers are going to look like in the upcoming quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: The industry as a whole has shown a little better discipline perhaps than the other poultry side of the ledger. I think something that's keeping everyone in check though are the escalating grain costs. And so when people look at what's the breakeven in terms of basic processing in these industries, that has to be a cautionary area for them.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess it's probably the first. I mean, we kind of recognized heading into the next year we're clearly going to be on a higher total cost environment in our system by a significant amount than what we had for the full year this year. But we have some sense of where that seems to be settling in. It is a matter of pushing your efficiencies and pushing your pricing to try to offset as much of that as possible. But that's a big number.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Oh, okay, I didn't -- I thought I heard assets. Okay. In terms of advertising, we don't do it on a divisional basis. We are expecting on a year-over-year basis that advertising will come in at higher levels than 2010 and than 2009, and that's a purposeful increase as we transform the company more and more into the branded value-added portfolio that it enjoys. We recognize that we want to become a bigger player in the advertising world. This fall alone, we continue to have very significant campaigns on-air against both the Hormel brand and also the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand. We've not announced really any details of the 2012 plan yet, so I really can't give you color in relation to how that's going to look for next year. We will provide that next quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O, I mean, the thing I do need to clarify there was an integrated supply-chain. Their total volume number can be impacted quite a bit by how many turkeys we're bringing in at a given time of year. So I can provide you with a little extra detail. The value-added portions that retail deli and food service I referenced earlier, those volumes were up 4%, and their sales were up double digits as well. It was the commodity side that declined. So we actually are really quite pleased with what we're seeing from a value-added standpoint at Jennie-O. We certainly think the advertising is helping to drive that, as well as the execution by that team in store.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, we're in a good position in terms of the commitments we've made to our annual inventory of whole birds. It's probably a little early to tell you in terms of what kind of sell-through you'll see. Certainly, that's our goal in partnership with the retailers always is to make sure not only that we're cleaned up, but that they are also. But a lot of that can depend on what kind of pricing the leaders come out of as they get close to the holiday season. And we're a little early to be able to determine that right now.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Maybe if Kevin can come up with something that would be acceptable, we'll be providing it to you and others.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess the best I can do is give you a color of just kind of within our balanced models, which pistons we think are firing dollars in the fourth quarter. Our expectation would be for continued moderation or any potential declines in Refrigerated and Jennie-O Turkey Store, but with gains coming from Grocery, Specialty and International. And then if you look at the Q4 comparison, I mean, it will be important to note the absence of that 14th week or 53rd week this year. And also, Jennie-O Turkey Store has that extra $7 million gain last year that we did call out during the fourth quarter that will not be repeated.
Jeffrey Ettinger: No, I really don't think we did. I mean, it's always been frankly a little bit of a difficult read for us versus some of the major protein competitors that have big pork divisions. So we're not -- I mean, everybody has their own way of looking at how they account for things. So we just try to compare it to what we expect internally. With this very significant diminution and the cutout values during the quarter, clearly, that puts pressure on the value-added units to make that up. And they made quite a bit of headway in that. But clearly, when you look at the total number, we were not able to generate a quarter. We figured that was as high as last year, but I'm still quite satisfied with how that division was managed.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Sure, Robert. All told, our expectation will be that our second half campaign for Jennie-O Turkey Store will be every bit as strong as last year's campaign was. That was something perhaps when we talked last and we weren't totally sure at the full level we were going to go after. But we decided to be aggressive with it. In terms of -- we certainly have the sales trends which are still positive. Both the turkey burgers and the ground tray pack have been good contributors to our results. We have very solid ad read numbers off of last year's campaign, and that gives us optimism that it seems to be connecting well. But we're just now getting on air, and so we don't have any new numbers yet to be able to show either awareness, changes or volume being driven by the new campaign. And we did a slightly different version of the one ad we have from last year with a little bit more of a grilling emphasis, and then we literally shot a second ad that again emphasized the sort of Make The Switch notion. And we're optimistic that it will continue to drive matching results for us.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well on Compleats, the mechanics tend to be a little cautious. I mean, I'm very happy with the quarter, but it's all of 1 quarter now that we pushed it back solidly into the positive column. I am encouraged though that we did that really more with good in-store execution and with the recommencement of the advertising, but really did not have yet the benefit of that new positioning and the new label designs that we showed everybody in Investor Day. Those really aren't hitting store until now. And so I think I am optimistic that, that's going to continue the momentum on this brand, that we have unlocked the new consumer insight in terms of their ability to shop that section. So we certainly have high expectations for Compleats. But I want to see it happen. In terms of other brands, I mean, the ad spend, the major emphasis of our advertising continues to be other Hormel-related items, and particularly, the Pepperoni category which is driving excellent growth quarter after quarter there, and also Natural Choice which continues to grow nicely as well. My expectation is that those types of items will continue to be featured going into next year, along with Compleats on the Hormel items. And then Jennie-O Turkey Store clearly is the next major expenditure in the ad area. 2012 is the 75th anniversary of SPAM, and so we will certainly do some added efforts. They may be more public relations and in-store, but probably some consumer efforts as well to make sure we're announcing that properly against that brand.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, really -- I mean, we're kind of maybe 3 weeks into period '10. I mean, right now, so far, so good. But it certainly was solid all the way through the third quarter. So, so far, so good.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I guess, Ann, the best I could probably do is mention the kind of color we provided in general for 2012, and I'll mention Refrigerated within that. We don't finalize our planning process here until well into October, and then submit it to our board in November. And then we provide that precise guidance when we come out on the next conference call. But we did say at Investor Day that we do expect to submit a growth plan to our board. The last 3 years, in '09, we generated 22% EPS growth, in 2010, 15%. This year, we're tracking again into the high teens. I don't think we're going to end up submitting a number at those levels, but we do expect to submit a growth plan. We do expect the comps in H1 to be more difficult than those in H2, and so that will influence how the quarters lay out. And then within the balanced model, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the question even about the fourth quarter, that kind of model will continue into next year, which is that we're looking for growth from Grocery, Specialty Foods and International. And we're looking for Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store to hold their ground as best as they can.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Eric, I would agree with your assessment. I don't think there was anything particularly unique about the comps. So I do think as the accumulation of the various pricing actions that we've taken during the year have taken hold, I mean, it has a somewhat different effect on any given items within the portfolio, and we did indeed see a flattening out of the volume. I'm not overly concerned about it. We still had a number of items within all the portfolios, the ones I cited earlier that still grew. And even on the decline side, I mean, you're talking division such as our Grocery Products value-added items or our meat products value-added items that each fell over 100 million pounds a quarter, and we didn't have any single items that dropped even 1 million pounds. So I mean, it's choppy, and we need to see the reaction to it. Often, when you talk to consumers and talk to retailers, there's a reaction time when you raise price at least initially that may slow them down a bit. But our expectation and hope is that as consumers get used to the new levels, that they will continue to enjoy our products.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think if you look at our long-term guidance of being 5% revenue growth and recognizing, we don't really bank on pricing. Clearly, we've been on more inflationary environment lately. But we definitely bank on mix. And we talk about the value adder and the innovative products and our $2 billion channel and so forth. So probably in that low single-digit, 2% to 3% is probably the volume expectation that would lead us to that kind of 5% revenue growth.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We did not see an impact to our business from it. It's certainly something that all of us in the industry are always being very watchful about and need to make sure that we address them on an aggressive basis. But in terms of the immediate impact of the business, we didn't really benefit from it, nor did it have any detrimental effect on any of the volumes.
Jody Feragen: This is Jody. It's not related to our hedged position. And that's really -- accounting rules require you to have your balance sheet stated at the lower cost per market, and at times when we see escalating packer margins or pork operating margins, we have to increase that reserve so that our balance sheet adequately reflects the appropriate inventory. So last year, we were increasing that reserve as we were headed into times of extremely high pork operating margins. And now this year, as the third quarter had much lower than normal pork operating margins, we had to reduce that reserve. So there's not a lot of discretion, and it's a calculation we do. Normally, it's not a large amount, and it's less than 1% of our total inventories. But when it gets to the general corporate line, it doesn't have an impact. So that's traditionally not something that we have a year-over-year changed that large.
Jody Feragen: We're seeing hog costs that should decline coming into the fall, and that's, you're right, a seasonal trend. And you're also correct that the wild card would be where exports are going, and they've been extremely strong this year. But our anticipation right now is that we'll see seasonally lower hog costs still above last year.
Jody Feragen: You're going to start seeing them in the fourth quarter, and I would expect some escalation into the first quarter of next year.
Jody Feragen: We are not a huge exporter of whole hogs or carcasses. So we deal more in the specialty type items. And Korea continues to be a strong export for us right now, given their animal disease issues in the country. So we're expecting that strength to continue.
Jody Feragen: Well, they were extremely low year-over-year for the third quarter this year. We're seeing some strengthening in those pork operating margins, as we like to call them, now as we enter into our fourth quarter and should be aided by some seasonally lower hog prices that we traditionally see in the fall.
