Jim Snee: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. Thanks for the question. Obviously, there's a lot there. I think it's important for us to start with the third quarter. And the performance in the third quarter on the top line, the decline really is driven by three primary things. We talked about the three quarters of the top line being driven by turkey contract manufacturing Planters. We still have -- the second thing is, we still have some impact in our convenient meals and protein pricing that we've taken. We're seeing the benefit of the pricing, but that is still having some minimal impact. And then the third factor in the quarter is the comparison in our International group, where we're really lapping some high volume, low margin commodity business from last year in the third quarter. So, that's the decline in there for the third quarter. And as we look forward into the fourth quarter, there's a couple of things that are similar, but also some things that are different. From a market perspective, they're high, but they're not as high as we expected. So that will continue to impact us Jacinth and I both talked about the impact of our Suffolk product or plant disruption, that had an impact in third quarter, will continue to have an impact in Q4 as we continue to ramp back up and we get improved fill rates, the continued headwind of our contract manufacturing. And then again, the lapping in HFIC. So, I mean you put all those things together and that's how we get to the range. When we think about what could take us one way or another and why we're able to really keep the bottom line the same is a lot of the declines were high volume, low margins, in some cases negative margins piece of the business. And what we're talking about in terms of improvement on the bottom line, we've got our international business, which continues to rebound and improve off of last year. Our retail business, there's strength in the underlying core business. I mean, we're seeing key retail brands, Bacon, Jennie-O, Skippy, Applegate, SPAM all performed really, really well. We talked about -- we expect Q4 to be -- to continue to build in terms of our transform and modernize initiative and we'll have an opportunity to speak in more detail on the Q4 call. So all of those things, it's a long answer, but when you package all those things, that's what gets us to that top line guide while still being able to maintain the bottom line midpoint and being able to narrow the range.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, we still expect solid volume and sales growth from our Foodservice business, that top line growth has been really broad-based, which has been encouraging, not only across our product categories but the different segments within foodservice in which we compete. Foodservice is on track for a record year. So foodservice remains strong and well positioned to drive value for us.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Ken, there's a couple of things there. So the first part of it is, we do have, on the pork side and the turkey side, live harvests. And when you're harvesting animals, we sell everything. And so our goal, and we've been very successful at it, is to continue to move up that value added ladder. And so we feel really good about the progress we've made over the decades, but there's still always going to be elements of that, that are more commodity driven. And depending what the market conditions are, we may find ourselves in that situation and so that part isn't going to change. I guess the second part, and it's an important part of the work that we're doing in transform and modernize, is the total portfolio optimization. Because it is exactly what you say is that we don't want to find ourselves in that position, where we're selling non-strategic items at negative margin. And so our team has been hard at work at that over this last year and we'll start to see the effects of that towards the end of this year into '25 and '26. We'll again be able to provide more clarity on the Q4 call, but it is in our minds, two distinct different areas. There's a part of the business that just naturally flows. The second part is a piece that we can and will take action on.
Jim Snee: Yeah, Peter. Thanks for the question. Peter, the first part of your question, really, there's no change. And that goes back to what we guided on the Q1 call, that everything's played out the way we thought, and that $0.15 is still the number. The second part of your question, obviously, is a lot more nuanced, and it's not to avoid the question, but there really are so many moving parts in terms of what's happening in the marketplace right now. As we start to look into '25, there's still many, many unknowns. I think it's fair to say we've all seen that egg sets are way down. There's always the uncertainty that, of what’s going to happen with any disease. What’s going to happen with the grain markets. So our focus is, as we said, probably two years ago now, as we worked through the JOTS integration was our goal is to become a more demand driven organization. And we've had a lot of success doing that. We're continuing on that journey, both in retail and foodservice. Obviously, there's been some dynamics in '24 that have negatively impacted the whole bird business. But really as we go to '25, it's still a bit too early given all of the moving parts.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks. The thesis going back to the -- for the business at the time of acquisition mean, still holds. And I think we just prior to the production disruption, we're demonstrating the value of what we could do for the business and it was hitting on all cylinders. When we think about distribution gains, innovation gains, really connecting with younger different consumers on the retail side, driving the C-store business not only just for the Planters business but having that synergistic effect across our entire food safety portfolio. I mean it was playing out. It is playing out the way that we thought. And when you acquire facilities, obviously, we did significant due diligence and our -- we felt like we were in a good position. But as we took over the business, we were able to implement a lot of our food safety protocols, which were enhanced environmental and product testing since we've owned the business. And that allowed us to find this issue early and be able to address it. So while we could talk about the financial impact and what was right, what was wrong. The fact is our system worked. We found what we needed to find, we addressed it and we're doing the right thing. The plant was down for five weeks. The ramp-up has taken us a little longer than we thought. But as we're ramping back up, obviously, we expect demand to correct and we'll be able to get back on track to really deliver on that original thesis, which was to drive our whole enterprise entertaining and snacking portfolio. So we're still very excited about the business. Obviously, this disruption is never a good thing, but the team has done great work and feel like we'll be able to get back to hitting on all cylinders in the not-too-distant future.
Jim Snee: The biggest things for us Rupesh in the third quarter was the Planters volume was lower than we expected. We talk about the contract manufacturing piece, that was another part that was significantly lower than we expected. Turkey was a decline year-over-year, but largely in-line with what we did expect.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, it -- I'm going to say that it's early for us to be talking about 2025. But I do think there are some specific areas that as we're starting to look into that timeframe and think about it to the comments I just made, obviously, we expect Planters to be able to rebound and hit again on all cylinders, both retail, foodservice. The continued build-in our transform and modernize initiative, we expect to be able to maintain some of the momentum in our key retail brands. Our international business is really hitting its stride and we expect that to continue to grow. The other part in all of this is to make sure you have the available capacity to grow. And so we have spent a lot of time on that as well to make sure that we have the necessary capacity to support some of our strategic growth areas. And then as I commented on Peter's question, the turkey part just is so dynamic and has so many moving parts that it's really early at this point. But yeah, there's a lot of puts and takes, but there's a lot to like about the work that we've been doing and that's why we're excited about the position we're in, even though we're navigating some of these identified headwinds.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Michael, it is, the commercial impact is the sales impact that we're missing out on. At this point, we have not had any distribution losses. Obviously, we've been able to work through inventory. We're ramping up production, supplementing that with co-manufacturing. And although, we're not where we need to be, we're certainly navigating the situation and in constant communication with our customers. The part that we don't want to lose sight of is that Planters is a very, very important brand in this category. And so when we're talking to customers, there is that recognition. They always want us back up and running faster. We want to be back up and running faster. But it's an important part of the category. And we can't tell you today exactly what type of spillover there might be into 2025. But again, we're doing everything that we can to make sure that we're filling those needs.
Jim Snee: And our engineering team does a really good job of scrubbing the projects and the spend rate throughout the year. So yeah, we feel like we're in a good position.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I mean, I think it's -- from a volume perspective, it's fairly equal. As we're working through the holiday season for 2024, we'll get better visibility in terms of what the demand is, what the sell through is, what the supply side of the business is. And so, while it would be nice to say that you're going to have a clear read heading into 2025, those read throughs tend to be a bit delayed. So, it will be probably spring of 2025 before we're really able to give a better view of how that cycle looks.
Jim Snee: Yeah. So Heather, just what we've said is it's got contract manufacturing and so that is a facility Century Foods that we own. And so we're -- I mean, we're constantly working on that business to drive demand and bring new business into the facility. So that is not a co-manufacturing issue. It's a facility that we own and we refer to it as contract manufacturing.
Jim Snee: Yeah. And Adam, we are going to provide a deeper dive in Q4. And so that is going to be the better opportunity for us to talk about what we've been able to achieve financially in '24 and how we're thinking about '25. What I would say is, we talked today in the prepared remarks about planning the business and making the business. But equally important is the work that we're doing on the buy side and we are realizing benefits from our procurement savings, expected logistics supplies from a move perspective, having the analytics across our refrigerated network to enhance our service levels. And just -- I mean, just in general, our processes are really developing and maturing. We'll also have the opportunity to talk about portfolio optimization. And so, we're not in a position to get into the financial part today, but rest assured, we will do that on the Q4 call.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. So as we're thinking about the Q4 outlook, we expect the retail business to be down mid-single digits. A lot of the retail dynamics will be similar. We talked about contract manufacturing, not co-mans, some of the market impact that we had originally thought was going to be there as we continue to work through the Planter situation. But mid-single digits is a good number for retail. We expect food service to be up mid-single digits. International, will be lapping on the volume side, commodity business again, but we do see improved mix that will get sales to low single-digits and it gets us to the range you're describing, which is really low, low single-digits. But I think the takeaway here is we can do that math, but the core business is very healthy for retail, foodservice and International.
Jim Snee: We are pleased to have delivered another quarter of better-than-expected earnings. While we continue to navigate several identified headwinds, our team remains focused on finishing the year strong and delivering on our commitments. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning and hope you have a good rest of the week.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. Good morning, Ken. So yes, we did have this unfortunate damage from the storm earlier in the quarter and our production is fully back up and running. In addition, we also have redundant capacity as well for our plant. And when we think about impact from a sales perspective, then that doesn't at all impact sales. The cost that we're talking about and calling out is really to repair our facility, so it has no impact at all on our top line.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. So you are correct and this is fairly consistent actually with how it sequences during the year. And so Q4, we typically do see a big spend. And so we're comfortable with achieving that amount, $280 million that we have put out for the year. So, nothing really unusual in terms of the spend this time of the year.
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning, Heather. I -- just in terms of clarity, you mentioned that we're down year-over-year. I'm not sure I'm clear on that piece of it. What I can tell you is that we are tracking really well towards achieving that $250 million by 2026 and we'll definitely give more color in the Q4 call. As we talked about during our investor call, October last year, we called this year as being 2024 a year of investment for sure. And so there will be a pretty good ramp '25 to '26. That being said, we are seeing really meaningful impact to our margins and our bottom line here in 2024, irrespective of that.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. No, and I'll just add as well, Adam, you'll see some of the benefits that you see showing up here in terms of the margin expansion in the business is a direct result of those savings that's falling through the bottom line from different places in the P&L, whether that's from a gross margin standpoint or truly to earnings where we're driving that savings and efficiency in our supply chain. So stay tuned here for our call in Q4 for us to really give you a lot more color there.0
