Jeffrey M. Ettinger: When we announced the Muscle Milk deal, we mentioned how one of the benefits we saw was that we did have familiarity and experience within the segment with our Century Foods operation. They're a manufacturer on the powdered side of that business. We have taken the opportunity to combine the previous manufacturing capabilities in Benicia with the Sparta, Wisconsin-based Century operation. And you're seeing some of the benefit of that already being reflected in the Q3 results. Another key area of gains has just been the general management of the business in terms of organizing the sales and marketing structures and so forth and then a lot of top line benefit. I mean, the business is growing very nicely. We've been able to gain distribution in the food, drug, and mass channel. We've been able to rejuvenate the portfolio in the Specialty channel. We continue to enjoy an excellent relationship with Pepsi in terms of distribution into the convenience channel and also parts of the food, drug and mass. The Muscle Milk franchise, on a Nielsen basis, the ready-to-drink items grew in the high single-digit levels and the powdered items grew double-digit. And so that's all contributing to very solid results, and I do believe this new level of performance for Specialty Foods should be repeatable in Q4.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. I mean, we're really happy with the performance of the China group. I mean, you look back even four years ago, that business was not making money, or maybe barely making money. And this year, it's going to be a solidly double-digit returning entity. We provide niche products in that market, particularly to the foodservice channel. Obviously, SKIPPY would be another retail-based item. And so to us, at least so far the macro level things going on with their currency and their stock market and so forth, we really have not seen any detrimental impact to our sales capabilities or our margins on that business. In terms of exports, it was a more challenging quarter for International. We've had some port issues. Obviously, there was the U.S. port issues earlier in the year, that was less of an effect in Q3. We continue to have Philippine-based port issues, though, that did impact Q3 results. We've seen a little bit of a turndown in demand in some of the key Asian markets, particularly Korea and China that we sell some of our products to. So that was a more challenging area. I mean, typically, for the last four years, you've seen International deliver top line and bottom line double-digit growth, and we clearly haven't done that the last couple of quarters. So we need to turn that around. But notwithstanding that, I mean, China is growing double-digits, SKIPPY is growing double-digits. So we're very high on what International should be able to achieve overall.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yeah. I'll take the first part. We're still very excited about Applegate. As you point out, I mean, it's been a month, counting today, and if you really look at the quarterly results, I mean, you're talking barely even a couple of weeks of results. However, if you just look at the general business trends, they're still rocking along at double-digit growth rates and we're very excited about the ability of that franchise to connect with consumers. A lot of activity has been going on in terms of getting the teams to meet each other and seeing if there are opportunities to take advantage of each other's capabilities. But we're still very high on what Applegate should be able to deliver for us in Q4 and beyond.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think your last line just summed it up very well. We are filling up the barns but there clearly is at least a little bit of risk associated with that. We've heard a similar theory as to perhaps birds go south faster than they come north and they may not linger as long in the areas, and so that might be a positive factor. But I mean, at this point, it's just such a wild card. I mean, this was an unprecedented incident already. We're trying to learn from it, the government's trying to learn from it. It could hit other parts of the country, it could hit another time of the year, it could go away, it could come back in a smaller manner. And so, we're trying to be ready for any contingency. And the best I can tell you right now is we haven't had a system outbreak since early June and that frankly even if something did hit this fall, it won't affect 2015 results. Because I mean, you just wouldn't see the loss of bird flow that quickly. But by the time we're talking again in November, we should have a much better sense of whether something seems to be occurring on a fall basis this year or not and what potential impact that might have. Even if nothing occurs, however, and as we indicated the last call, I mean with the 22-week lifespan and with egg shortages and so forth, I mean, we're expecting volume struggles even in the first half of next year until we cycle through this.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we'd like to think the latter, but I mean, I would acknowledge there's some element of the former going on. The Grocery results continue to be – I mean, you really have to kind of read them carefully in the sense that one of the things we pull out is the Fresherized sales. But when you pull out sort of both years' worth of Fresherized sales, I mean, you're neglecting the fact that that's one of our fastest growing franchises. That's a double-digit gainer when you look at it on a apples-to-apples basis. So, we're excited about that. We had double-digit gains from HORMEL chili this quarter. We had gains from Dinty Moore and Mary Kitchen hash. So it's all – a number of items doing quite well. SPAM was down slightly after last quarter being up 10%, so that franchise overall, I'm really quite content with where they're headed. So overall – and then SKIPPY had a good quarter which we're happy to see. Overall, I think that the trend for Grocery is positive. I'm happy to see the changes that have been made.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, it's not just a matter of the price. I mean, realistically, we have seen within both the Hormel deli group and the Jennie-O deli group, we've not been able to fill orders on a complete basis. We've been on an allocation to customers, an allocation internally. And so, clearly, we've made the effort to try to convert some of those sales into ham-based items, and we've seen some of that go on. But, overall, it's not just the price that's constraining our ability to service the deli with turkey right now.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, on the first question, I mean, I can give you – it's not exactly an apples-to-apples, but it'll give you directionally what we're talking about. I mean, the bird loss, if you will, ended the system near 20%. And then when you netted it out and there's some price differential here, I mean, it was a 12% sales drop. So, we were able to buy in some meat, mostly on the dark meat side during the quarter in order to try to mitigate that effect. And we're looking at similar levels for Q4 realistically. In terms of the EBITDA drop, I mean, I really don't have a way of quantifying exactly what's what. I mean, there were some costs in the live production system that were reimbursed by the government. There were some costs that weren't. When you're that short in volume in your plants, that creates all sorts of overhead issues. When you literally don't have products to sell, I mean, you're losing that margin and that volume. So there were all those factors combined that moved us down from the kind of run rate Jennie-O had been operating at to what we thought we would hit and what we did hit this quarter.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I don't think it really does. I mean, our philosophy when it comes to pork is we do want to control our own destiny and we have for years, so even years ago when Oscar Mayer and Sara Lee chose to get out of being vertical in hog processing and rely on others for their meat supply, we made the decision to stick with it. And frankly, as the industry consolidates, to me that decision is even more firm that we need to be able to control our own destiny. That being said, we've never tried to be one of the big players when it comes to pork slaughter. And so, we're still four, five, six, somewhere in that range, and I would expect us to stay there.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I probably should let Jana follow up with you rather than speculate on that. I just know in terms of our shipment data domestically, it was a solid quarter both for volume and net sales. Outside of the U.S. it was a double-digit gain, but that wouldn't be – being reflected in the data you're looking at. But why don't I let her give you some added color as to the match-up of Nielsen versus the shipments.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Hey, I'd like to just make a little concluding statement. 2015 is shaping up to be an excellent year in terms of earnings growth for the company. Based on the increased non-GAAP earnings guidance range of $2.57 to $2.63 per share, we would expect to deliver a 15% to 18% earnings increase over our record performance in fiscal 2014. Our balanced business model has again allowed us to limit volatility in a challenging supply situation, while our experienced team has demonstrated their ability to navigate changing market conditions and continue to drive growth. Thank you, all, for joining us today.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes. I do agree. Hog supplies are up and prices are low, which have been a benefit to our value-added franchises, and we do have some items that are considered more supply chain such as bacon and ham that will move with pricing, but we've been able to maintain a nice margin profile. And then we have a lot of our portfolio that just doesn't move quite as rapidly with changes in market conditions such as the items Jeff called out being pepperoni and the party tray business. We're fully expecting hog supplies to continue to increase for the balance of the year. Exports will remain a wild card, if you will. I think the USDA is calling for them to be up over 4% for the year when they're down 4% through June. So we'll see if that happens or not. Pork operating margins have been lower than last year. We saw extremely high results last year in our third quarter. We're expecting them to be, say, neutral to our results for the fourth quarter. So that's kind of my take on the pork markets. Hopefully I answered all your questions.
Jody H. Feragen: So, right now we are just in the beginning of putting together our assumptions and market conditions for our 2016 planning process. So, I really can't even comment on what we're thinking at this point in time. We do continue to believe that our value-added franchises should continue to grow as well as provide nice margin results. So, we'll give you an update on 2016 on our next call.
Jody H. Feragen: So, as far as the debt, you are correct. We are expecting to have any outstanding amounts repaid in 2016, I would say mid-year, which leaves us with a very good balance sheet capable of taking on other opportunities and we continue to look for strategic investments, whether it's internally or externally through acquisitions.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. Obviously those items that are more supply-chain related, bacon and ham, would have it as well as any fresh items, our flavored fresh items, and small amount of commodity will move with the marketplace. We do have a large foodservice business. Some of those contracts have levers that react to marketplaces. But, I think the team has done a really nice job of looking at really stressing and selling the innovative items that we have in the marketplace and those have a tendency to not be as volatile to commodity price movements.
