Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Farha, it's obviously very current, what's going on there, a very fluid situation. Each day seems to bring some different results. And it's fluid in terms of the market impact. I mean, for example, yesterday, the processing margins turned positive for the first time in quite a while now with a fairly sharp change from what we had been seeing before. So it's probably a little early for us to tell both whether that's going to have that long-term impact on the processing margins and more specifically what it will do to export volumes. I can say that in our case, I mean, we're not a big player when it comes to exporting of pork directly to China. And so it's not -- we don't see it as a major direct impact on our business, but clearly, it can have spillover effects on the markets, as you pointed out.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, I guess we're still very positive about it. It is very early. The Skippy -- the onboarding happens in multiple phases with Skippy. On the domestic side, we are now involved in managing the Little Rock plant on a day-to-day basis. And having had a great chance to get to know the team down there, and they have an excellent operation there, and so a business emanating from that venture, operationally, we're right in charge of it right now. In terms of the sales logistics, et cetera, for the upcoming quarter, those will still be handled by Unilever as part of the transition agreement we have. We actually have up to 5 months of transition opportunity with Unilever. Our goal is to get that done in 3 months, but we're trying to have that totally in our hands by the beginning of the second half. When it comes to the international side of the business, it's a little tricky, and so I'll kind of lay that out for how that works. As we said on the Skippy acquisition call, we don't own the Skippy plant in China yet, and we won't for several months. That has to be approved. That permit has to be transferred by the Chinese government. However, sales internationally that emanate from the Little Rock plant, so for example, the Canada or Mexico, those we have right now, clearly have control over. The sales of products out of the China plant into markets other than China will count in our international results starting now. However, the margin will probably be a little different than we ultimately experience because, again, we're not only having a co-pack, but it's also being distributed and sold for us by Unilever. And then lastly, sales in China don't count at all right now, where that comes with the permit. And so that probably won't come on board until, at the earliest, Q4, and maybe more like the beginning of next year. But overall, we're really very excited by what we see.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. And what we talked about at the year-end call was sort of a new annualized guidance range for Jennie-O of an 11% to 15% range, and we're still quite comfortable with that. The 15% delivery this quarter -- Q1 and Q4 are traditionally their highest margin delivery quarters, and the middle of the year is traditionally lower. So on that basis alone, if you're looking at percentage returns, we would expect Q2 to be lower than Q1. If you're looking at it on a year-over-year segment profit delivery basis, we do feel the Q2 -- by the time you really get in all the different cost impacts and all the commodity market impacts, our best look right now would say we'll probably have a somewhat -- a slightly deeper decline in Q2 year-over-year than what we experience in Q1, but we expect then to build a rebound from that as the year goes on.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: That's an impact. The other impact that occurs is on the operations side, as when we get summer conditions, weights go down, and typically, margins decline.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I'll let Jody answer part of the second question. I'm doubting she can answer the last part of it. But in terms of the guidance change, typically, we've been in the motto of giving annual guidance for the past couple of years, and our philosophy has been not to just tweak the range based on results of a given quarter. We really want the focus to be on annual. In this case, with the significant announcement of the Skippy acquisition in the middle of the quarter, we then did undertake the responsibility as a team to reassess, okay, what do we now think the year looks like on the basis of our knowledge right now? So clearly, the addition of Skippy was factored in. We looked at the trends of what was going on in our other businesses, and that's where we ended up with moving the guidance range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We've tended to not really endeavor to precisely lay out, "Okay, here's the synergy target." We prefer to give you the all-in, "Okay, here's the operating results we expect to have from the business." Right? We provided that for the 2014 goal the $0.13 to $0.17 range, and we're still comfortable with that. However, as we get our hands around the business more, if we find that, that has changed, we certainly would provide an update then to that expectation.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: On the first question on deli meats, I mean, the category is evolving somewhat. We are still a significant behind-the-glass player, with ham and turkey being 2 of the major protein components that are behind there. And we certainly are working actively with all our retail partners to keep that business as robust as possible. But it's a business that has seen small declines for the last couple of years. A lot more activity is occurring in grab-and-go context. And between our Natural Choice offerings, which are still doing quite well in the marketplace, and our party trays would be another example of deli offering, and the snack trays -- so that's our effort to go after those kind of areas and provide other options when it comes to deli meats. On peanut contracts, I'm really going to have to punt on that one and maybe come back to you next quarter. I -- we just don't have our hands around that aspect of it completely at this stage. It's still pretty early on.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. We really haven't changed our outlook. We're intent on growing our business. Our long-term guidance for the business is 5% top line, 10% bottom line. And if you look at our track record over the past dozen years, I mean, clearly, acquisitions have played a role on that, and we're very pleased to bring on the Skippy brand as the latest example of that. While that did winnow down our cash position and our slight net borrowers after that, we still have virtually no debt, and realize we have significant debt capacity and are fully ready and capable of utilizing that capacity if the right opportunity comes along. In terms of strategic area, I mean, we were excited by the many things that Skippy brought to the party. I've been asked a couple times, "Gee, does that mean you're only going to buy shelf-stable items now or grocery items?" And while we definitely like that aspect of that transaction, that does not mean that we wouldn't look to continue to grow our protein businesses, our international business, our specialty business, et cetera. So we're -- we still intend to be actively looking for things that would be logical fits with our company, and we have the financial capability to do that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're seeing the same thing. Now food services to me has been a very choppy environment for quite some time now, I mean, almost since the recession began. It has its ups and downs. It seems to recover. It goes back. This weakness that we're seeing is really only a couple months old. Some of the theories out there include the recent hike in gas prices, they include the lapse of the payroll tax holiday, and I think those probably do make sense. I would say, though, I mean, based on what has happened over the last couple of years, that consumers do sometimes seem to, for a short time, change their habits and maybe, okay, have more meals at home. But they usually eventually kind of revert back to what their preferred mix of at-home versus out-of-home occasions are. And so my best guess right now is that this will be a fairly short-term phenomenon, and we'll see at least some growth returning to the food service segment going forward.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, the goal we -- I think we kind of said it's probably in the maybe 1.5% range was the annualized pound change we were looking to see. And we acknowledged, I guess, in the comments earlier that we made the head adjustment that we had planned. But at least in this early season, the weights ended up a little higher. We do think still, over the course of the full year, there will be a reduction. Whether it'll be the 1.5% within fiscal 2013, it may not be after having a quarter where that didn't occur. But the trend will definitely be in that traction. And that's part of -- I mean, commodity meat values are lower, and so we really don't see the need to have surplus meat in this environment. We'll still have sufficient meat to support our growing value-added businesses for Jennie-O.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's definitely an issue we're keeping our eye on. And obviously, we're one of many players that would be affected. I mean, the sequester side related to inspectors is just one of numerous things going on in the economy that may or may not happen, depending on how the political games play out. Our best information right now would suggest that, okay, even if no budget deal or change is made and a sequester begins, if there are notice requirements within the government to their own inspectors that would probably push a change in operations out to the May, June timeframe. And then we'll just have to see, okay, how many -- what are the numbers you're talking about? What does that potentially do to our operations? Our position has been consistent with the position articulated by the American Meat Institute, which is we believe that there are other discretionary things within the USDA's total operation that potentially would be more logical targets for reductions in costs versus the mandatory presence of inspectors in our facilities. And if they're not there, and that means all those people have to get laid off and all that food is not delivered, that seems to be a pretty disruptive thing to the economy and society, and perhaps, we can come up with a better solution than that. But it's a very fluid situation. It definitely would -- it's something we have to keep our eye on. But right now, we don't expect there to be an immediate impact from it.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Christine, one explanation I would have is the commodity markets, at least for our 2 main proteins, turkey and pork, are significantly influenced by export activity. And so as the -- there's been Russia doing this and China doing that, and as things potentially tighten up some on that basis, that will have an overall impact on the commodity values that clearly is affecting turkey, for example. Now as we move up and up the value ladder into having consumer-based items that, yes, come from protein but that are used by consumers, whether they're meal-type items, like chili and Compleats or Don Miguel, or items that are more fully meat, like a Natural Choice. I mean, our experience right now is that those are very robust franchises. We're growing them at high single digits in many cases, and they're meeting the lifestyle needs of consumers. And so I think those are somewhat divorced, then, from what the commodity markets are doing.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The other thing to remember there, Eric, with Don Miguel is the only change that has occurred year-over-year is the sales being reflected in the sales line. And we've owned the deal for 2-plus years. So the bottom line profit of it has been our half -- share has been the same. But Jody is correct in terms of you probably need to kind of dive into it maybe offline to know which part flowed through margins versus equity in earnings.
Jody H. Feragen: And as far as -- I think the part that was left for me is to talk about the onetime transaction costs. I would expect that at the end of the second quarter, when we have paid all the onetime transaction costs, that we'd be able to give you some level of magnitude. We have include our -- included our best estimates of those in the guidance range that we provided this quarter. But a lot of them are uncertain at this point, so I wouldn't want to give you something that wasn't precise.
Jody H. Feragen: Let me try to help you with that, Akshay. We did see hog costs this quarter that were below the quarter a year ago but quite a bit above where we were at the end of fiscal 2012. We would expect those higher hog prices to continue for the full year. Now that is certainly subject to all those uncertainties related to the recent news on China. What we have seen is low domestic demand for pork. Certainly, that's driving that cutout and the value of those primals that go into our value-added products lower, which do benefit our value-added businesses. And sometimes, that's not quite an immediate benefit but happens over a period of time as you work through some inventory. So we would expect higher cutout values for the rest of the year, and that should help Refrigerated Foods as they turn back into more normalized margins.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, you have to remember that we get an equity and earnings contribution from the Don Miguel sales, so it's not a margin thing. And I'm not, off the top of my head, thinking what that impact would have been quarter-over-quarter. That might be a follow-up with Kevin if there's any additional color. Sorry.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, but let me do -- let me clarify what is in that equity and earnings line that's on the top side financial statement. That is equity and earnings in not only our domestic joint venture, the MegaMex, but also our international joint ventures. So that -- any change there is not just attributable to MegaMex.
