Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Ken. Thanks for the question. As we sit here today, yes, we're ahead of expectations. We feel good about the business. And as you commented, you saw this morning, we took up the low-end of our adjusted EPS range, increased the midpoint. We also delivered stronger margins for the second quarter and first half, which really demonstrates the progress we're making on, on key initiatives. And if it wasn't for the Suffolk issue that we talked about in our prepared remarks, we would be having a more positive conversation today. A couple of the more specific items to think about, we mentioned Planters and Suffolk. We would also think about – on our first quarter call, we talked about the incremental impact of the full-year Turkey, which was roughly $0.05. And then also, we talked about the tax rate as well that'll have an impact of $0.01 to $0.02. So when you take all those things together, we feel like the raise is – the increase in the raise is appropriate. When we think about what's really positive, we're going to still expect strong performance from foodservice and international. We've got a path to growth in retail. We still expect our strongest transform and modernize delivery in the back half of the year. But clearly, we got some things that we're watching, talking about the Planters business. And then also really keeping a close eye on what's happening with the Turkey market overall. But when you boil it all down to the bottom line, we're really pleased with our half one performance and a clear line of sight to growth in the back half of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Ken for the follow-up. I think there's – one of the things I would say is, let's take foodservice and international maybe off the table. Foodservice has got broad-based strength outperforming the industry, really expect that momentum to continue for the balance of the year. The international business, we expect to have strong sales growth in the back half of the year as well. So I think those two businesses are going to provide strong growth and really the story is in retail. And so as we said, it is a bit of a mixed bag. We've got a lot of verticals that are doing just fine. You talk about Turkey, and the impact that that'll have in the back half of the year. And then we also said in our prepared remarks, just watching what happens in the convenient meals and protein vertical. And so we have had bright spots with SPAM, refrigerated entrees, Skippy, but we've got some other brands and categories that we're watching. We do have really strong syndicated data over the last four weeks, which is really, really encouraging. And so there's a lot of good news and we do expect to be able to deliver in that range. What I would say is as we think about it, the most likely scenario would be towards the low end of that net range or the low end of the range for the net sales guide.
Jim Snee: Yes. Sure. And we can do that for you, Peter. As just as we go through the segments, foodservice, we expect volume mid single-digits, sales in the high single-digit range. International will be a bit more nuanced where volume will probably be down high-single digits. And a lot of that is lower fresh pork, some of the commodity businesses. But sales, because the mix improves, will be up high-single digits. And then the Retail business, we do expect volume and sales to be in that mid single-digit range down. I'm sorry, low single-digit range down. And then all of that, there's still that path to get us into that guided range, but we do think the most likely scenario would be to be at the low end of the range.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for the question, Michael. I think, as you've talked about, really positive trends in our scanner data with five of the six verticals showing growth. And really the decline is in turkeys and in some of the non-tracked areas of the business. We still do have some contract manufacturing business that is showing declines in addition to the Turkey that we discussed. But those are really the drivers for the volume decline.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think, Adam, I'll start with kind of the pricing with retailers and clearly there's heightened level of discussions in terms of pricing and that's not anything new. We've talked about that in the past. And the retail team does a really nice job making sure that there's solid rationale and clarification on why the pricing was needed. The other part of this is, the team is working to address those issues now, and there's – it's a combination of short-term and also really the long-term vision of where we see some of these things playing out. And I'll let Deanna add some additional color on that.
Jim Snee: Yes. Tom, good morning. I think the biggest takeaway in Turkey from where we sit today is there really is no change in our outlook. We've got strong internal supply and capacity. The teams are doing a great job both at retail and foodservice. We're gaining share with our lean ground turkey. Our foodservice team, as we've talked about, they've been hard at work regaining some of the lost business that we had during the AI event. And so there's really, really no change to how we're thinking about the business for the rest of the year. Really, we think that we've de-risked the Turkey outlook for the rest of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Obviously the foodservice team had another excellent start to the year and it remains well positioned for the balance of the year. And so just as a reminder, we compete both in the commercial and non-commercial elements of the business. And so we've really got a broad array of customer base. When we think about who we're targeting and who we're selling to, we talked about the great work happening in the convenience channel, not only with our Planters business, but also thinking about some of the grab and go opportunities for us where we're more of an ingredient. And so it's those things, thinking about the channel diversification, we've talked at length about the competitive advantage. We think our direct salesforce offers us being front and center with the customer, talking to them about their challenges, what's happening in their business. And then last but certainly not least is just this continued innovation pipeline that the team has been able to build. We've again talked for many years about Bacon 1 and how that business continues to grow. This quarter we're talking about our Flash 180 sous vide fully cooked chicken item that we're bringing to operators to help them have high quality chicken items on their menu when maybe they don't have the right equipment or staff to do it. So there's a lot of things at play that, again, we believe puts us in a very advantaged position and helps us especially in the face of some of the data that you're seeing, our team is still out there able to drive results.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Ben, you did hear that correctly, in terms of volume being down high-single digits and sales being up high-single digits. And a big part of that is mix. When we think about some of the lower commodity sales that we'll have, and we'll have a lot more branded business going through that segment. As we think about China, the retail business is continuing to improve. It's not where it has been in the past, but there's a lot of great work happening in terms of regaining distribution, innovation in our shelf stable meat snacking portfolio. But the foodservice business is really, really strong and continues to gain momentum in China. We've been pleased with the results of the investments that we've made in Indonesia. Our partners in the Philippines continue to have a strong performance. So again, it really is as we've said that going into the year and even in Q1 is that the business has continued to improve throughout the year as we expected. We do expect some acceleration in half too. And I would remind you again, that when we think about especially Q4 international is lapping a pretty weak Q4 comp that's something else to think about.
Jim Snee: Yes. And I think the one thing I don't want to have lost in this conversation is that there are some brands in that, that vertical that are doing really well. We talked about SPAM, our refrigerated entrees, Skippy, peanut butter. And so there is some really strong performance there. I think Deanna has talked, and I'll maybe let her reiterate the fact that the team is thinking about this in two buckets. There's the short-term work that we can do, and then really the long-term opportunities for the team. And that's really where we want to spend our time to make sure that we've got the parts of the businesses that need the support that we have them on the solid ground. So Deanna, just maybe reiterate some of that.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Heather, I'll start with the Turkey volume. We've been talking about it in the first half. David can get you the specific Q2 number in your follow-up call. And then your estimate in terms of the range for impact in Planter and Suffolk, that's probably pretty close.
Jim Snee: Yes. Heather, we've seen really strong performance from our foodservice business and our international business has rebounded in a really strong way. The other part that we do want to mention when we bring into this conversation is, is the work that we've been doing and transform and modernize. And so we've talked about that at our Investor Day, we will have the opportunity here at the end of the year to provide some additional clarity. But I think that's a piece of the work that the team is doing. And we again, had that in our prepared remarks. The work that we're doing to plan the business, how we buy for the business, how we make it, how we move it, all of those things have been really, really effective for us. And so that would really be the third driver in our ability to overcome to what you described as our pretty, pretty good headwinds. But the bottom line is that, we're ahead of expectations. We feel good about the business, pleased with half one and a clear line of sight for half two growth.
Jim Snee: Yes. So I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. We're really pleased by our overall performance and the strong first half of the year we were able to deliver. This is a result of a total team effort, and I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our teams. We have made a lot of progress on our initiatives, but we still have a lot of work to do. But as I said earlier, we have confidence and our business will keep moving in the right direction for the balance of fiscal 2024. Thank you and have a great day.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Relative to convenient meals and protein, I think it's important to kind of tease apart. There was strong growth in SPAM and entrees as well as Skippy, which we bucket under convenient meals and protein where we're really seeing the softer demand and the consumer pullback is in the canned or center store area. When we think about the quarter and some of the impacts, as you mentioned, it really was related to Snap, weather being softer. Historically, that's a quarter that has colder weather and influences the purchase of those types of products. And competition in promotions have heated up in those categories. So as we think about it heading into Q3, that is seasonally a lower quarter for convenient meals of protein. But that doesn't mean our team isn't hard at work attacking some of the opportunities that they're thinking about is, making sure our promotions are in place, making sure our promotions are driving depth, pulling up on frequency to make sure we're getting to those promoted price points that are going to encourage purchase. We're also working close with our retailers on displays and getting product out of center store and out into the other areas where we disrupt people on their path to purchase. We're also shifting some dollars into the category to be speaking with consumers about the value that these items play especially as consumers are thinking about value options as they're shopping. And then I think the final piece is thinking about as we head into the fall, making sure that we already have really significant promotions in place for a heavy holiday season, back-to-school what have you.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thanks, Rupesh. This is Deanna. As we introduced back at Investor Day, we talked about our flagship and our rising brands and resourcing those brands to drive higher growth rates. When you think about the performance of SPAM, Black Label Bacon, Jennie-O and where we're spending our advertising, we're seeing really strong performance in both volume and market share gains. In addition to the advertising, we're also introducing innovation in all of those categories. And so it's really a one-two punch of not only reminding the consumers about the products, but when they get to shelf that they're seeing some innovation there as well. So we're excited about the advertising. We've also introduced a lot of new advertising with new brand positioning, backing it up and happy to as we think about the quarter coming up pepperoni goes – is already in market with new packaging as well as new advertising. And we're really excited about what that's going to continue to do as one of our other flagship brands. So working well for strong returns and continuing to get stronger and stronger as we progress.
Deanna Brady: So it depends by category. I think in most categories, we're comfortable. And for us we're really thinking about the desired outcome and is our promotional dollars really driving returns for us. And in some cases, under the new structure that we have, we're able to shift dollars from trade into advertising or into other areas to support growth if it's not providing the right return. We're also though then shifting dollars, like I said, on convenient meals and protein into convenient meals and protein to help support the right promoted price points that we need in this particular a lower seasonality for us in convenient meals and proteins. That category in particular seeing more competition, but across the board, we're not seeing anything that's out of the ordinary. Relative to our customers, they get to control price at shelf. We can influence and we can have conversations, we can make sure they understand based on our insights and analytics, what is going to drive growth and profitability and we can inform as a category leader and a category supporter. That's our role.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Thank you. There's going to be a couple of things. One, there's a lot more competition in those categories. We're also seeing the price elasticities play out based on the price increases we took in Q2, based on beef markets as a strong component in the majority of those items. So the price elasticities was something that we anticipated and expected. The competition obviously, and the heavier promotional activity is something that we're working to counteract as we speak.
Deanna Brady: Yes. So when I think back to Planters as an example a year ago where we took a really thorough approach to thinking about what short-term actions do we need to take to address in the quarter maybe in the half. But longer term, we were also doing work and similar work that we're doing against the convenient meals and protein. When we think about our revenue growth management team and price pack architecture and really evaluating our price points, evaluating our promotional productivity, again, as I mentioned, shifting some of our promotions to a more productive strategy perhaps. We're also thinking about innovation. We mentioned some of our flagship brands that perform so well in the first half and that we expect to continue to perform well. And the drivers of the performance were really three things. It was advertising and refreshed advertising in many cases based on brand positioning work that was done. Is based on innovation and so when we got consumers to the shelf, they were also excited to try new flavors, new pack sizes, new shapes, forms, what have you. So we're also thinking about innovation and advertising. And really some really great work that drove a lot of progress in the first half was our retail selling organization and the total points of distribution that they've been able to gain in both our flagship and our rising brands in the 5% range of increase. And so we expect that important work to do, which comes through sitting down with your category managers and usually can be six months to a year out as those we sell a new total distribution points. So it's going to be a very thorough approach that we again, execute in the short-term through promos, displays, turning on social media as well as long-term through PPA innovation, advertising and gaining distribution.
Deanna Brady: Yes. Beyond what I've already said about our flagship brands, which had a nice volume growth supported by advertising innovation in the first half. We'll continue to see that support as we head into the back half. The other areas that you'll see is continued innovation, and we've got numerous innovation launches. I believe they were in the pre-read deck that were launched in the first half and are launching in the second half. What we're really happy to see with the innovation is that we're bringing in new consumers. So think about the new [indiscernible] entrees and the House of Tsang entrees, bringing in multicultural and younger consumers into the portfolio. Seeing the same thing with the Planters innovation, both the flavored cashews and the duos. So we'll continue to drive new consumers. Obviously those things support not only our baseline business, but incremental business as well. You can see us continue to advertise throughout the back half of the year. And then finally, from a promotional standpoint, we've got a lot of promotional activity already secured through Q3 working on Q4 right now as our teams lock up back-to-school and think about holiday programming. So those are some of the key things the team will be executing both in the short-term as well as continuing to think about the long-term. The one that I don't want to forget to talk about because it's really important work is the price pack architecture work through our revenue growth management team and the data and the insights that we're bringing to the table to really think about overall category growth based on having the right prices on shelf, having the right promotions in place, as well as the right assortment. And that work does take some time to not only do the studies, but also to then get out and execute with customers and then get that new set and new sizing and new pricing and promotions on shelf.
