Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you very much, John [ph]. We certainly are going to provide some forward looking statements this afternoon, but before we do that, we want to start with the here and now. This morning was earnings announcement morning for our first quarter of 2011. And we're very pleased that our team was able to deliver an outstanding quarter.  We saw sales increase of 11%, with all five operating segments that register year-over-year gains for the quarter. As you can see from the tonnage comparison, we had a certain amount of volume increase. The remainder of the increase in net sales would be attributable to pricing and to enhanced mix of the products.  On an earnings per share basis at $0.55 per share, we registered a 34% increase for the quarter, again very strong results. And all of these numbers are post lift [ph] (12:18). Our shareholders approved the split of our stock back on January 31 and it was enacted in the market on Valentine's Day. Jody is going to speak to these results. We're going to kind of have this be a combined forward-looking and strategic session and also give you a little bit of deeper color about our quarter. Before I turn it over to Jody, I do want to mention our new guidance that was included in the release this morning. We have started the year at a guidance range of $1.55 to $1.60 per share. Our new guidance range effective today is $1.62 to $1.68. In generating this range we're kind of balancing the fact that we definitely see significant momentum in our business. Not only did we have such outstanding sales results this quarter, but clearly, in 2010, we had very strong sales results throughout our portfolio. But we're also very mindful of the inflation headwinds that every speaker today has talked to and it certainly will affect our business as well. With that, I'm going to turn the program over for a time here to Jody Feragen, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jeffrey Ettinger: From a quarterly performance standpoint, the kind of operating margins that were generated in the first quarter would not be what we would model to on a full year basis. The first quarter is typically a fairly decent quarter, we have the Thanksgiving and Christmas seasons in there as well. But clearly all elements were aligned for Jennie-O Turkey Store during this last quarter. Some of those elements may shift as time goes on. It's hard to tell what's going to happen with the commodity meat market, but that was certainly a benefit to Jennie-O as we saw unseasonably strong thigh meat and breast meat market. Some we know are going to change because over time, the hedged positions that were advantageous for this quarter are going to lap off and we're going to be at a higher cost environment going forward. And that will be one of the challenges of that team, is to make sure that they find the efficiency savings and take the pricing necessary to cover down those elements. But clearly, the investment we've made in the brand, we feel is essential to continuing to introduce and support the value-added items that can lead to very strong performance for Jennie-O over time. On an international basis, it's a small part of our business. We do kind of recognize it the same way you do that it makes sense that it could be a growing protein and that we could be a growing player in that. But at this point, it's still quite small and we'll just kind of incrementally try to see if we can grow that.
Jeffrey Ettinger: That is correct on Grocery Products. We took a wait-and-see attitude during most of fiscal 2010 about pricing to see what was going to happen with grain. It got worse. So wait-and-see went away as of the end of the fourth quarter. There's a certain notice element that all of in the Grocery business have to provide these days. For certain other franchises, where if they're market-based items such as bacon or fresh pork, those prices already have moved and were reflected in this quarter's results. But for items like Grocery Products which are more of a list price element, we actually announced two different waves of price increases, one of them kicks here in period four and the other one kicks in, in period six. So you're correct, in the first quarter results there really was no benefit from pricing for Grocery Products and we'll see that a little bit in the second quarter and much more so in the third quarter.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well the measurement we use and other companies use different measurements, we only look at the current year sales, but we will track back which is now -- we started to measure the year 2000, we're still tracking some of those items. For a 120-year-old company, I guess 10 years to us is still relatively new. We always have a certain amount of new offerings coming out in the marketplace. Examples of that for this year would be Kids Compleats or the Pepperoni Stix and the Salami Stix, those items. But it's also the acceleration of other items. We see that. It takes time to change consumers' taste. We often are seeing accelerations in growth in year five, year six, year seven that's true with the retail grocery environments or frankly even in Foodservice. Again, I didn't spend much time on Foodservice today but we have franchises such as AUSTIN BLUES and Café H and the Natural Choice component of Foodservice that keep showing growth as well, and that has to support ultimately hitting that $2 billion goal.
Jeffrey Ettinger: It definitely is eye-opening. And in fact, I highlighted probably the major areas we have advertising expenditures but we had a few others this year. One would be out in the West Coast, for example, is our Farmer John franchise. They had very strong success with a local campaign effort. So you're always looking to see what's working, and I definitely am a believer of throwing logs on a fire that's burning already. And so if we find something that's being successful, we should look for an opportunity to enhance that advertising. And in terms of newer items, I think over time, you'll see us get more and more active in the Mexican food area. We have a number of brands there but we're starting to focus our attention on certain brands for certain product types. And so we'll see where that heads.
Jeffrey Ettinger: In the lean ground area, our shares are in the 30%, 35% range and turkey burgers were well over half of the prepared frozen market on a measured basis.
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's been hard to tell. I think we've had excellent success at least moving the range upward for the low-end and the high-end, but it has been so volatile with the kind of grain picture, that's by far the part of our business that’s most exposed, the direct involvement of grain increases and we've seen now two very significant waves there. We tried to reduce the swings in terms of the commodity market but as Jody talked about for this quarter, they still were a very relevant component of that portfolio. But we know we're moving it upward but we probably haven't settled in yet as to what exactly, if there's a new number there that we can move our goal to in Jennie-O Turkey Store.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, we tend to gravitate toward niches where we can have leading shares. We run up against different competition depending on what the segment's like. So that can be a fairly uncertain segment that was here a few minutes ago, it could more [indiscernible] (1:05:40) in certain segments. [Indiscernible] (1:05:43) would be a model where they have half their own company assets half procured. So everyone is in a little bit different supply situation. But I guess we’ve reasonably good success with the pricing initiatives that we’ve pushed, so far so good on those, and that could be in part because of our strong shares and because of our support for the brand.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well certainly, our volume’s been fairly steady. But as I talked about earlier, we're not one of the volume players within the pork segment. We're the fifth or sixth largest processor. I can’t speak for what the business rationales are for the other processors. What is clear in the marketplace is that at least one of the plants is closed and so there has been some tightening of capacity in the industry. And the other thing that seems very clear is robust export demand. And so that certainly is driving demand for certain other primals and that's spreading, right now at least, that processor margin. I think we've said over and over on our calls lately, we're not banking on that. It certainly has been a benefit to the group. It's been somewhat of a detriment to the value-added products to have that higher transfer in. But for example, in the guidance we provided for the remainder of the year, we're not counting on getting the double-digit processing numbers that have been generated here lately.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I really can't speak necessarily to Sara Lee in particular at all, but I certainly can talk about general acquisition philosophy, if that's okay with you. Our track record would say we try to make investments in areas we know at least something about. That we want it to be more than just that initial check. So if you look at the recent acquisition, it's Country Crock to add to that refrigerated food line. It's two expansions of the Mexican portfolio, it's Burke's pizza toppings to complement our pepperoni. It's several years ago the Turkey store, to blend in on a branded basis with Jennie-O. So that would be the likely areas we would look. We also have said in the past that we're certainly willing to look outside the United States, with a focus on Asia. But again, it's got to be the right deal at the right time at the right price for it to make sense with Hormel. And we certainly recognize we have both the cash and the debt capacity to expand our business through acquisitions if the right deal comes along.
Jeffrey Ettinger: The key for us that we're going to measure -- we try to work frankly in a partnership with the retailer and a partnership with the Foodservice operator to attain that optimal pricing level. Everybody knows we have a lot of costs to cover, but we also know that we need to ultimately address what the consumer’s needs and desires are. To us, the key barometer is are our items are still growing, and at least through as we said here today through Q1, we had all five segments up. We're really in pretty good shape. That doesn't mean we don't have a few isolated portfolios within certain segments that we keep an eye on and those would probably be ones we’d be a little less likely to push pricing. But that is, as we move into a higher and higher cost environment, we clearly recognize that at least, to somewhat of an unknown [ph] (1:11:05) as to what consumer reaction will be not just to the most recent price increase, but to maybe one that’s going to have to be taken this fall.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I think that's about all the time we have. Thank you very much again for a great presentation.
Jody Feragen: And I think if I'm recalling the question correctly, it was the driver of the Jennie-O Turkey Store sales, and the increase in price there was mostly related to the commodity meat sales. They had increased volume in commodity meats as well as the higher prices than we'd experienced before. I would tell you that in the value-added businesses that they have moved pricing. But those same high commodity meat prices are the transfer values that go into those value-added products. So they're probably not fully covered down. The hedge benefit, I would say that there we're probably seeing the stronger portion of it in the early half of the year and that, that will tail down at the end of the year. So first and second quarters are probably going to have a better hedge benefit for Jennie-O than the end of the year, and I don't have specific numbers related to that.
Jody Feragen: I guess if you we're just making the turkey lunch meat or something, you'd be buying it at market price. Jeff would be the better guy to answer your question.
Jody Feragen: I would just add part of what's keeping the hog numbers and processing numbers in check would be the supply on the ground. There's not expansion on the farms either.
Jody Feragen: Providing it provides all the things that Jeff just predicated, that it would deliver -- certainly, we've always talked about being comfortable with up to $1 billion worth of debt. Our $350 million goes away June 1st. We probably will do a small offering just to keep our name out into the capital markets. But we would love to have the opportunity to invest in our business through an acquisition that delivers strategically for us what we need.
