Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Let me walk you through our thinking in terms of the guidance range that we've established for 2015. Starting with Refrigerated Foods, as we talked about earlier in the call, we do expect processing margins to not be as favorable as they were in 2014. Notwithstanding this, Refrigerated Foods we would expect to still grow modestly due to their value-added sales momentum in foodservice and with their retail brands and due to improved general efficiency, but it will be fairly modest growth in 2015 at a segment profit operating level. This more favorable cost environment should help Grocery Products, so we do expect Grocery Products to rebound to more normal growth rates, plus the fact that they will no longer have the earn-out as part of Fresherized Foods in their costs. The favorable cost will also help International. We expect International to achieve its fifth consecutive year of double-digit growth. For both Grocery Products and International, there are certain lingering high costs in the inventory that will continue to sort of dampen their results in their opening quarter of the year, but as the year goes on we'll be working through that inventory. Clearly Jennie-O Turkey Store, our expectation is to have another good year. They are in a more favorable grain environment, plus they have great value-added momentum, and this should move them towards the top of the operating profit range that we just articulated. That being said, there are some mitigating factors for Jennie-O Turkey Store. The grain benefit is partially offset by hedges. We've talked before about our hedge philosophy. The soymeal side of the grain formulas has remained stubbornly high. And we do have certain grain based contracts with foodservice customers within that segment. Secondly, we expect the turkey commodity meat markets, which have been at an all-time high, to not be quite as favorable in 2015. And then third, we have approved an enhanced advertising budget for Jennie-O Turkey Store, the Make The Switch campaign has driven good results, and so we're going to be investing further there. In fact, overall advertising spending, as we talked about, was up double digits in 2014 for the whole Company and should be again in 2015. For Specialty Foods, by the fourth quarter that the unit had recovered from the year-over-year SPLENDA change in business operations, their results were actually up modestly in Q4, if you don't count CytoSport at all. And so we expect again modest growth of the overall Specialty portfolio in 2015, plus they should attain the $0.05 a share benefit from the acquisition of CytoSport. So for us, this adds up to a range of $2.45 to $2.55, exclusive of the nonrecurring events. The midpoint of this range is a 12% increase over the year we just completed, on top of the 14% increase we generated in 2014. So that's our thinking at least in terms of providing this kind of guidance range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess I wouldn't read anything into it. I mean the timing on those types of decisions, I mean we've had the investment with our partner in Southeast Asia in the Vietnam operations for several years, and kind of given that we think a good try there but really feel we'd be better off focusing our attention elsewhere. In terms of the Stockton plant decision, I mean it's an older facility. We really had to kind of make a determination, do we pour more money into that facility or could we utilize the capacities we have available in more modern grocery facilities elsewhere in the U.S., and so we made that difficult decision for that reason.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean we do pulse the advertising somewhat based on macro conditions, but clearly the Jennie-O brand has benefited from being on-air and from emphasizing this sort of Make The Switch theme, and the most recent version has been the taco campaign, but we had a burger campaign and a bacon campaign in prior years as well. Their plans right now are to kind of roll into some new markets with that advertising to support some product placements that we've been able to attain through our sales organization. And so, we'll definitely be on-air early in the year and we may complement that with more of a fall campaign as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean on the positive side, as we talked about, I mean bacon business had a fantastic year. We have two brands within the Mexican portfolio that are really on a roll in terms of double-digit growth, the HERDEZ brand and WHOLLY, and now the WHOLLY sales in 2014 were not being reflected in our results. So that would have changed the year-over-year results had we had those in there, and starting in 2015 we will have that. Our franchises, our iconic brands of SPAM and SKIPPY, had fairly flat Q4 results but both have what we hope are good solid marketing campaigns going forward and we expect growth out of both of those brands in 2015. The areas where we have struggled a little bit more have been some of the other traditional canned meat items, the Dinty Moore and the Hormel chilli items. And then we kind of continue to have coming up and down experience with our microwave meals, we are going to market with a little bit different tactics within that category in terms of tiered pricing and new offerings and we'll see if that works. That's our game-plan going into 2015.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Pricing is always a wildcard. I mean our long-term revenue goal is a 5% goal. We actually expect to exceed that here in 2015, in part because of the WHOLLY brand coming onto Grocery sales. And so in general, I mean if you look at our long-term track record, we have actually exceeded the 5% over the last five years, but that is definitely with some assistance from acquisitions such as SKIPPY and the MUSCLE MILK acquisition. So in general, clearly when I look at the grocery store environment, I think our perimeter based items, we do expect to be able to grow at that kind of a 5% clip. Center of the store, maybe not quite that robust, but we have had investments in acquisitions such as SKIPPY that have added to that portfolio and we think Mexican can definitely grow at that pace. Our Foodservice Group has done a nice job with that as well. So our target kind of not counting acquisitions is certainly in the 3% to 4% range, and then we've been able to round that up by virtue of finding the right prospects periodically.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can tell you for 2015, our expectation is that the net margin will be kind of equivalent to what you saw in 2014. So what you have there is the watering down effect of a lot of the Fresherized sales coming in with only half margin being reported, but an expected improvement in terms of – we said we had some very difficult operating cost challenges during 2014 and we don't expect those to recur. So altogether, those two factors should cancel each other out. I guess I would also point out that if you take away MegaMex, so I mean you've got a great growing business with great consumer franchises but franchises that were accounting 100% of the sales and only half of the earnings and the after-tax of that in some cases, the core Grocery Products portfolio not counting MegaMex is still, we still look to be in the high teens in terms of their operating delivery. So we really don't feel we've seen a denigration in the portfolio, we just are seeing the impact of MegaMex rolling through there in terms of that range we just provided.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. So right now we have three plants in China. One of them is a SKIPPY peanut butter plant, exclusively for that production, and so that one we won't count that right now but our team definitely operates that in terms of the G&A efficiencies of the total operation and it's a great sales vehicle for us in that and other markets. We then have two other facilities that we've operated for more than a dozen years, one in Beijing and one in Shanghai, that produce these similar refrigerated based items. Our team has done a very nice job growing that business over time, I mean that's many times a 20% plus growth trajectory, and so as we project forward with the kind of business we have, we needed new plant capacity and so the team has been working on identifying kind of where that should be and how that would roll together. And so that production in terms of the sourcing for the last several years, we buy meat from approved suppliers within the Chinese market, we don't raise hogs ourselves and we're not a basic slaughter in that market, but we're confident that we have sufficient meat suppliers to meet these growth needs that will go ultimately into that new plant.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I wouldn't want to do the math on the fly. I mean certainly it was flattish. It wasn't the best quarter either for SPAM in terms of we had high inputs and then some cases then had some deferred shipments to some of our export markets, and we had an uneven quarter in terms of SKIPPY, we have a couple of markets where it's going great but a couple of others where it receded somewhat. But overall, I mean they saw a double-digit growth on a full year basis for International last year and we expect a strong growth heading into 2015.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, with the other caveat that I mentioned earlier that from a margin standpoint International still will be kind of – SPAM is a major product line for example on the inventory carrying cost that they have from the spike in raw materials this summer will still impact them certainly through Q1, but after that they should be in better condition.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess we're probably putting these ranges out as reasonable over the next three to four years. I mean things can change, both in macro conditions and in our businesses, so we would want to keep an eye on those and update those as those things make modifications. In terms of your other question, I mean we certainly hope we've improved the portfolio over time, that's been the goal. I think it depends on which segment we're talking about as to whether the expansion of margins versus growth is the bigger area of emphasis. So clearly within Refrigerated Foods, that team understands very clearly that their mission is to expand margins. They had a very nice year this year in terms of moving upward and expect to hold that in 2015 and grow from there. In other areas such as Jennie-O Turkey Store or International, I think those are excellent growth opportunities. So the bigger those two pieces can become of our overall portfolio, the better off we'll be in the aggregate. When we announced the CytoSport acquisition, we conceded that at least on an onboarding basis, it was kind of even with Specialty Foods' margins, but we do think that as we get our hands around that business and drive efficiency and growth going forward that that can start migrating those margins up, and so that was why that range has an upside to it that's above where they are at today. So it kind of depends on the area of the business.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We'll find you a simulator somewhere. I don't know, that would be a [better idea] [ph]. So let's start with Jennie-O. We have seen increases in egg sets and poult placements recently. We had a flat year in 2014 in terms of total pounds brought into the system, yet our value-added businesses keep growing, and so we will be increasing our supplies somewhat going forward. The market also seemed like it kind of got an early jump last year when a number of entities had issues with propane and winter weather and so forth and the meat supplies tightened quite a bit. So we are expecting a more normal situation there. We have taken steps to get our hands on more of the propane ourselves so that we're not quite as much at mercy of the marketplace for that, and I don't know what others have done. But overall, I mean they were at very high levels this year and our best outlook is that it will still be strong levels next year but not at what we've benefited from this year. In terms of the peanut butter equation, going into this fall and going into our fiscal year for 2015, we had not been looking at taking further price decreases. The crops certainly have been more favorable lately and there was an overall decline in costs, but relatively speaking that decline has not accelerated in recent months, it pretty much was already priced into the crop. But when the leading share player made their announcement as to their strategy going forward, we huddled our group and really thought about, okay, what's our reaction going to be to this? We're still pretty early on in the ownership of this brand, we recognize that we're at kind of almost a 2-to-1 deficit when you look at market share in the U.S., and so we thought – and we're not really asserting that SKIPPY is a premium peanut butter product, it's a mainstream product, and so our assessment was, when the market leader has modified the price and that we want to in essence stay competitive with that price, and so we will be executing a price decrease in the marketplace. We think that this should allow fewer promotional dollars to be spent in the category because the bases are lower, so the feature that needs to come off with that doesn't need to be as deep, and so that will be our execution strategy going forward.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess I don't want to give you a one line item like that. I mean in the aggregate of our Grocery, what we expect for Grocery Products, what we're spending our ad dollars on, et cetera, we're comfortable with the returns that SKIPPY will deliver in terms of the overall growth we're expecting for grocery in fiscal 2015.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, we will conclude our call. I am pleased with the opportunity to announce another record performance this year. This has been the result of the hard work and dedication of the really talented team here at Hormel Foods and we're looking forward to an even stronger fiscal 2015. So on behalf of our team, I want to wish you all happy Thanksgiving and thank you for joining us today on the call.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, Farha, this is Jody. Jeff talked about the new SPAM production facility that we're going to be – Refrigerated Foods production facility that we are building in China. So a portion of that plant will impact 2015. We had started the construction of additional SPAM lines domestically that will flow over into 2015 as well. And then we have several other initiatives that we're looking at to expand capacities for some of our product lines that are running at tighter capacities. So, yes, it is a step-up and then we have just the general repair and maintenance type CapEx that comes with operating many facilities across the country.
Jody H. Feragen: We certainly took a good step forward with the 25% increase in the dividend that we made this year. So that's obviously something, a legacy that we are extremely proud of and would look to continue to do that going forward. We've made several acquisitions, SKIPPY in 2013 and then more recently the CytoSport acquisition in 2014. So we'll continue to look for opportunities there that fit with our strategies of brands that are number one or number two in the marketplace, transactions that can be accretive both from a margin perspective as well as overall profit, certainly looking for things that provide us the global footprint, and then more recently trying to look at things that fit more into a health and wellness type portfolio appealing to younger consumers addressing the snack area as well as our ability to add innovation to anything that we would purchase.
Jody H. Feragen: You know that's probably a little more opportunistic. We did do some this year and I would expect that we'll take a look at doing that a little bit in 2015 as well.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, I'll give the wheel here. We certainly have seen some volatility in those operating margins in the first part of our fiscal year in November here, so they've been a little bit all over the board, certainly lower than they were last year at this time from that perspective. We do expect to see hog numbers increase 3% to 3.5%, we're not taking our harvest up that high, but that should provide lots of availability. The demand seems to be the equation that we'll see what happens with that. We would expect the cut-outs to come off the historical highs that they have been and we've seen some of that come already. So our balance is that they're going to go back more to a normalized range, maybe not as low as the five-year average, and that's what we've used in our assumptions.
Jody H. Feragen: And I would add that MegaMex generally is growing at a little faster clip than our corp portfolio is.
Jody H. Feragen: This is Jody. That certainly could be a wildcard. What we have seen in the industry is, it slowed down during the summer months as one would expect, as the weather seems to be more conducive in the winter when it's cold and damp, but we've also seen a lot of the producers really increase their bio security and I think that will have a positive impact on any further spread of the disease. So our assumption is that hog production should grow in the 3% to 3.5% for the industry as a whole and that assumes that there is a lot less impact than there was last year on PED.
Jody H. Feragen: So, part of the driver for 2014 SG&A being somewhat lower was the timing of some compensation accruals we had last year but we didn't have this year. As far as 2015, the majority of that increase is really being driven by the increased advertising campaigns.
