Jody H. Feragen: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning. Earnings for the second quarter of fiscal 2012 totaled $127.9 million or $0.48 per share compared to $109.6 million or $0.40 per share a year ago. Earnings for the first half of fiscal 2012 were $256.3 million or $0.95 per share compared to $258.4 million or $0.95 per share last year. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $2.01 billion compared to $1.96 billion last year, a 3% increase. For the first half, dollar sales increased 4% to $4.05 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.2 billion pounds, down 2% from fiscal 2011. Year-to-date, volume was 2.41 billion pounds, down 2% compared to last year. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 7.4% of sales, down from 8.2% last year. Year-to-date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 7.4% compared to 7.9% last year. SG&A expenses are expected to be around 7.5% of sales for the remainder of the year. Interest and investment income was $2.3 million for the second quarter compared to $2 million last year. Year-to-date, interest in investment income was $3.9 million compared to $2.9 million a year ago. Interest expense for the quarter was $3.3 million compared to $7.2 million last year. For the first half of fiscal 2012, interest expense was $6.5 million compared to $13.8 million a year ago. With lower debt levels and decreased interest rates, we expect interest expense to be approximately $12 million to $14 million for fiscal 2012. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 33.5% versus 33.9% in fiscal 2011. The year-to-date effective tax rate is 33.5% compared to 34.4% last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33.5% and 34.5%. The basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 264 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 269 million. We repurchased 1.1 million shares of common stock during the second quarter, spending $31 million. We have 1.9 million shares remaining to be purchased from the current authorization in place. Total long-term debt at the end of the quarter was $250 million, unchanged from last year. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $29 million compared to $31 million last year. Year-to-date depreciation and amortization totaled $59.7 million compared to $62.3 million a year ago. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $115 million in fiscal 2012. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $28 million compared to $19 million last year. For the first half, capital expenditures were $58 million compared to $36 million last year. For fiscal 2012, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $120 million to $130 million. As we mentioned last quarter, we integrated the sales of Don Miguel Foods, part of our MegaMex Foods joint ventures starting with our fiscal third quarter. Our retail sales force has responsibility for representing this expanded Mexican foods portfolio, and we will report these sales in our Grocery Product segment. Profits will continue to be accounted for through equity and earnings in the Grocery Products segment. As a result, added sales from the Don Miguel integration for the second half of 2012 are estimated to be $80 million to $90 million. At this time, I will turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator.
Jody H. Feragen: I gave that as part of the script, Farha. So let me pull back to make sure I state it correctly. But our general corporate expenses were positively impacted by our insurance experience, if you will. Our medical and pension accounts ended up being more positive this year versus last year when we had some unfavorable trends. For your other question -- and for the full year, we expect it to be more around the 7.5% in net sales for total SG&A. And then interest expense, we're looking at the $12 million to $14 million. Really, we're down in the level of debt that we have and the interest rate is much lower on the bonds that's outstanding.
Jody H. Feragen: Our traditional hedging policy is 25% to 75%. Last year, 2011, we were probably on the high side of that range, this year we're probably more in the middle side of that range. And obviously, we look for input from the business units to secure positions that they think they can live with in the marketplace. So we do have some for 2012 and some for 2013.
Jody H. Feragen: So I don't know if you're talking about the pork operating margins. But generally what we've seen is real softness in the domestic market for pork products. Some speculation that it's retailers holding the price and consumers not buying into that franchise. And then for the price of hogs, I'm still mystified as why they continue to drive up in this type of an environment.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, we certainly did not expect that for the second quarter, the pork operating margins would be negative. And as I indicated before, it seems to be a combination of softer domestic demand on the cutout side and more demand for the hogs that run up prices on that side of the business. Going forward, outlook for the year would be that those pork operating margins would remain below the levels of last year, but improving in the fall as we get into a traditionally more robust season for production on the hogs side.
Jody H. Feragen: My seasonal factor was related to the production of hogs. So more hogs on the ground in the fall as we traditionally see, but still thinking that pork operating margins will be below last year's level.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, it's a little more complicated than that. MegaMex, the core products that were in the original joint venture have always been sold by our consumer product sales force. So those sales have been included in Grocery Products. So that would be the Herdez items, the La Vic items, the CHI-CHI items, and I know I'm forgetting something. As MegaMex acquired additional businesses, Don Miguel and Fresherized Foods, some of the products that Jeff talked about, they were included only in equity of earnings because they were being sold outside the Hormel CPS organization. We have now integrated Don Miguel to take advantage of some synergies, particularly our sales force. So those Don Miguel sales, starting in this third quarter and going forward, will show up in the Grocery Products top line, but not -- but still be accounted for in equity and earnings. Fresherized Foods at some point in time, we'll look to see if that fits within our Consumer Product Sales organizations to see if there's anything there. But right now, it's Don Miguel and the traditional MegaMex items.
Jody H. Feragen: I would tell you that the $80 million to $90 million range that I gave you for the back half is about what they delivered in the front half.
Jody H. Feragen: I don't really have an update, but I have said in the past, obviously, we look to invest in our businesses and continue to look at strategic opportunities in the acquisition area. Anything that's a market leader or something that provides scale, something that's accretive from a margin and sales standpoint. We have made a commitment to higher capital level -- CapEx spending this year with some expansion of facilities actually adding some more capacity in our value-added areas. We've made a commitment to our shareholders on dividends, and we continue to perform very well in that area. And then opportunistically, looking at share repurchase.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Volume will probably continue to trend slightly down because it's based primarily on the total number of turkeys we're bringing into the operation, and we said we are running a tight operation this year on that basis. We would expect net sales to be up somewhat as pricing has -- we've had to take pricing in the past and that will continue to roll through in the second half of the year. In terms of earnings, the unit, obviously, has done very well thus far this year. They will be facing more pressure in the form of increased grain costs in the second half and the commodity markets have gone down somewhat in terms of the commodity meat sales. So those will pressure their ability to continue to deliver the very large gains that we've seen thus far. But overall, we think that business is positioned well and with the ad campaign we mentioned and continued spending against the value-added line, we still have a positive outlook for Jennie-O for the remainder of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, clearly for the year, based on the strong start, they're going to be up. We're not going to give a specific segment-by-segment amount in terms of exactly what we're looking at for Jennie-O, but we talked early in the conference call at the end of last year about them holding their own. They've done more than hold their own thus far. They may have enough momentum to be able to continue to generate positive gains. But the floor we would see would be to be able to at least hold their own at last year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, general export, the one area we've seen a little bit of a slowdown would be Korea, given that last year they had foot and mouth issues and their herd has come back to about 90% of where it was. Even with that, our numbers year-over-year for the quarter were pretty favorable or down slightly in Korea. We more than made up for that with the rest of the Asian markets and when it comes to fresh pork. And then in terms of some of our partnerships, you correctly referenced the San Miguel Philippine partnership as being very favorable for the quarter. We continue to improve our results in China, albeit it's still not a large contributor to the bottom line, but it's heading in the right direction. So we're comfortable with our Asia focus and it's a combination of pork items, both fresh and processed. And then SPAM is a very important product in the Philippines and Korea or Okinawa. We're working to make it more important in Japan through our ad campaign there and we're back in China working on trying to build the marketplace in China for SPAM as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, yes, our expectation for International is that it would continue to grow at rates that are higher than our company-wide goals, which are the 5% revenue and 10% earnings growth. They've certainly been delivering on that strongly the last couple of years and based on the various branded franchises we have in place in different markets right now, we look at that very favorably.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We talked at the beginning of the year about how we expected the first half of the year to be difficult and that we would see most of the gains -- and we provided a guidance range that clearly was going to be, hopefully, our 27th up year in our last 30 years. When all said and done for the half, we're at even. We probably did a little bit better in the second quarter than I originally anticipated and a little bit worse in the first quarter, with refrigerated experiencing a lot more significant challenges with the processing margin. You identified a couple of things that are certainly watch-outs going forward in terms of the pork operating margins are still poor right now. The center of store volumes, although improving sequentially, are still not to where we'd like them to be. But we feel we can more than offset those with the positive momentum going on in specialty with our other grocery items, with our Foodservice and meat products, with Jennie-O's branded items. And so as we sit here today, we net out that to hit our guidance range, we'll have to have continued up quarters in the high-single digits to low-double digit range. And we think that's probably a reasonable range right now for the remainder of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's bounced around. It improved some initially, and the very current picture is not very pretty right now.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, through the half, their segment profit is up 22%. Our best look right now, I would say that they should not be continuing at that kind of an increased rate for the remainder of the year. However, we do believe at this point that they should be able to still generate a positive second half year-over-year, and it will be somewhere between that as an up end and flat as a down end.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think I would agree that, that's probably above the high end of where we think our run rate would be on an annualized basis. They ended last year at 14%. They'll clearly do a little bit better than that this year. Obviously, we've not done any budgeting yet for 2013. Well, looking at the crystal ball as you are, clearly, their comps will be challenging again for next year. I would say, at least, as where we sit here today, that frankly, Refrigerated Foods comps will be not as challenging and so that could be an area where we would make that up. And then ultimately, it's the same old story. It's that -- what are the value-added franchises within all these business units doing and as long as we can continue to drive growth there, we should be in good shape, long term.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess the best I can do with that, on the value-added side was that our kind of the star performer in terms of being able to continue to generate not only net sales growth but volume growth was the retail area. That retail, fresh tray pack franchise that, frankly, we acquired back in 2001 from the Turkey Store and that our team's done a great job of growing ever since, is very robust right now. It's been well supported by the ad campaign that we ran the last 2 years and that we're intending to run again this fall. And so that's been a key driver on the value-added side. And that being said, both the foodservice and deli sides of the business have really been holding their own in a challenging environment, where price often has to be pushed, but they really done a nice job of maintaining volume there. In terms of efficiencies, they really are kind of across-the-board, that's by far the most vertical part of our business all the way from breeder hatchery operations, to feed mills, to owning our own barns, in many case. And also partnering with family farms in the area in terms of grow out. We've been able to really push improvements throughout that aspect of the supply chain through our plant operations and through our logistics area and those are all paying off for Jennie-O in terms of offsetting a lot of those other green input increases.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, not having the benefit of the model you're running, I will say that, in general, our philosophy in the company is not only convert commodity to value add, but to move value add up a value chain that ultimately does widen the margin. As we innovate with new products, we look for higher returns on innovative new items and there may be a category that has a lot of competition and has been around a while. So in the long run, we do think the flow-through ought to be quite good. I don't know whether dollar for dollar is a realistic expectation.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, on a dollar sales basis, Jennie-O is close to 80% value added. On a tonnage basis -- now assuming, we internally, frankly, count the whole bird part as more of a commodity aspect of the business. It is branded but it behaves more on markets and so forth. So assuming that volume is in the commodity volumes, then the volumes are probably closer to 60% value added and 40% in the other category.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, I mean, everyone kind of has theories on it. We certainly believe there has been some effect related to pricing, that a lot of manufacturers have been confronted with steep increases in raw materials in the types of products that go center of the store. And that have therefore had to push pricing. And we're no exception to that. So at some point, if you take a couple of rounds of price increases if there's at least some short-term resistance to those levels, those could be being reflected. Tied in with that would be, we are seeing a change in terms of promotional behavior and response, where, say, the kind of deals that many retailers would do 10 for 10s, 10 cans of something for $10, et cetera, that those just are not receiving the response they used to. At least, that's been our experience. I think when you do have a cash-strapped consumer, they still like the items, but they're just not willing to load in the pantry at that kind of a level, so that creates year-over-year comp challenges. We definitely feel there has at least been some weather effect, I would concede that, that only make sense with items that seem to be more -- like in our case, canned chili, that had a not-so-great half. This year's winter has been very benign. The year before was very cold. A lot of weekends lost to the Foodservice trade where people ate at home. In terms of what we're doing to combat it, a lot of it is just that day-to-day work you do through your sales organization with the retailers. But on top of that, advertising is clearly very important. We're going to be advertising a really wide array of our products during the second half of the year. So on the Hormel side it's -- Compleats will continue to have a campaign, as well as Natural Choice. We'll be advertising SPAM, and SPAM seems to be responding well to it. We even saw that during the second quarter. Jennie-O Turkey Store will have a new campaign and then our MegaMex venture has 3 different brands that they advertise. And MegaMex is still generating positive volume even in this environment.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. I mean even though I mentioned to you the second half programs we're running, these have all been set well in advance. And we kind of set a program, it depends on seasonality of products, it depends -- in the case of the Hormel brand, we try to do it on a complementary basis so that maybe in the winter, we're running pepperoni more, that's more for kind of cooking up and heating up at home or having snacks. Natural Choice, for example, is the third Hormel brand that we're advertising. That's sandwich meats mostly, and that's more of a summer item. So I mean we'd love to have the kind of budget where we'd be on all year. And someday maybe we'll work our way up to that, but I'm using it in a prudent fashion. We lay out an advertising calendar well in advance and there is some seasonality to that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, on the refrigerated side, I would argue that we're on the low end of where we belong and in that area and that we need to, through better macro conditions but more importantly, through added value-added sales in foodservice and meat products, eventually get our way up to that higher end of that range. On the turkey side, internally, our expectation has to be a little bit higher in terms of returns to that business because of the verticality. I mean, we have a lot more capital invested at Jennie-O, and that's what you're hopefully getting for that investment is better overall returns. But clearly, at least for now, we seem to have hit on a good formula of driving efficiencies in the operation, most of which I don't expect to just vanish. I mean these are systemic changes that they have made that should be positive going forward. And then supporting branded differentiated items through advertising and other programs with the retailer that should continue to allow those franchisees to grow. After these couple of years, I mean, I think as we head into 2013, we'll probably assess, okay, is there a new guidance level range for where we would expect Jennie-O to be? But we're still kind of in the middle of this year now and so I don't really have that for you yet.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, those are important. The export picture is a lot more favorable today and has steadily been that way, but increasing over the last few years. So that definitely provides some added value in a system where you're still -- a lot of the dark meat is going outside the United States. So that's a positive. The more years that go by from the acquisition, I know it's now been 10, but there's times that you find opportunities to consolidate your facilities, to utilize your raw materials better, to purchase better and so forth. And those have been kind of rolling forward as well through their system.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, it varies by season and what we're trying to accomplish. But just to give you a rough estimate it would be more like 2/3, 1/3 corn to soy meal.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. We're in good shape with it. It does cause volume changes in our sales numbers because it's really -- we make it up to the customer as to when they take delivery. And this year, some of them are taking delivery a little later than they did last year, so we actually have a little more inventory than we have in the past. But it's committed, so we're in good shape for that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I would just add, I mean, we're very happy with the couple of Mexican acquisitions we have made in the last couple of years. So about this time last year, we talked about Wholly Guacamole, it's just been a great addition to the franchise. And Don Miguel continues to grow nicely also for MegaMex.
