Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're talking year-over-year comparisons, so for the first 2 quarters, clearly, significant drops from the prior year. As we had indicated when we headed into the year, we knew last year had really strong commodity turkey prices in the first half of the year, and we were in a much more beneficial position in terms of those grain costs, both in terms of the actual daily cost and with our hedges from the prior year. So we dropped nearly kind of $18 million a quarter year-over-year for the first 2 quarters. We expect that to improve significantly at the end of second half, getting back to even and then gaining as the half proceeds.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, we don't have any 2014 pricing relating guidance yet. I mean we certainly -- it's sort of a franchise-by-franchise approach when it comes to the grocery group right now in terms of cost. I mean, it ranges anywhere from pressure we're getting in costs on beef- and chicken-related items to, frankly, the pork side costs have been fairly -- have been fine. We've had favorable avocado costs. We're new to the peanut butter business, but we've had favorable peanut cost thus far. In terms of announced pricing actions, I mean, kind of right before we closed on the deal, Unilever did follow a price decline on peanut butter and so that's enacted in the marketplace. There's no further pricing actions that we have at this time on that franchise. We did take a price increase on Hormel Compleats. That was the first one in several years. We wanted -- I think, as we talked about in prior calls, wanted to get that franchise humming again, get the right marketing support, get the right product mix, and we're happy with what the team has done in that regard, and so we just have now coupled that with a sort of a catch-up price increase on that item. But at this point, otherwise, we don't have any broad pricing actions in store for grocery products.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, on grocery, I mean, we have really great momentum right now in grocery. I'm expecting very solid results on both top line and bottom line for grocery for the remainder of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's more of the latter. I mean, we're really kind of a niche player when it comes to exports. We tend to sell more of the off all-based items when it comes to fresh pork. Clearly, SPAM is also a major export component of our overall portfolio for international, and in that case, those margins and sales have been solid contributors to the growth that international has been providing.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, we've been supporters of the American Meat Institute and other trade associations' articulation to our government that we really felt that a modification to the country of origin labeling program would be beneficial frankly to us, as well as the trading partners in North America. It's kind of hard to read whether that's falling on deaf ears or whether there's going to be at least some progress in that. But in terms of retaliation, I don't have any greater sense, Christine, I guess, than anyone else as to what might happen in reaction to that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, I think you're right in terms of sort of the long-term ramp that's occurred in the turkey business, but there has been kind of a reaction as things have moderated, as the commodity markets are less favorable, as grain costs have gone up. And so our read of the industry numbers is we're looking at kind of down 2% to 3% numbers. And of course, as we announced at the beginning of the year in terms of what our production levels were going to be, we've sought to put our production levels at about a 2% decline on a year-over-year basis. So that's a fairly favorable outlook heading out for the remainder of the year. We know there is 1 new plant coming online starting next year, the far-best organization in Indiana, and so that you may at some point see a tick-up in egg sets and whole placements related to the filling of that facility, but otherwise, I think we're in a fairly benign environment for the balance for turkey.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think we'd stick with the full year number we've given you. We'll admit it's -- we don't always hit it exactly on the nose. I mean, turkey is a good example of that, and we talked about 1.5% to 2% decline on an annual basis. In the first quarter, the weights came in a little more favorable than we thought, and so we didn't -- it wasn't that steep a drop. The second quarter was actually steeper than 2%, but on average, we're still, for both supply chains, looking at that range.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really don't do line by line, either sales or operating profits, I mean, in terms of we're trying to give you a little bit of a sense of magnitude of impact for Specialty Foods by virtue of our comments that here or there really strong growth numbers that they managed to deliver in the first half. We're saying it's going to be much more of a challenge in the second half so it's significant, but I can't give you a precise number on that. I will also add, though, that when it comes to kind of the bottom line impact, our overall guidance in maintaining our annualized range is baking in everything we see coming in terms of the impact from the loss of that business for 2013.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The reported ACV from the team is in the 70% to 80% range, but they're telling -- that's kind of the acceptance level. I mean, I'm not sure than Nielsen, when you scan it, you -- there can be as much as a month lag sometimes, it's from -- when a customer says, "Okay, I'm taking it" to when it actually shows up on the shelf. But those are the kind of numbers we expect to have in place here, I would assume, by next month and we want -- for sure, we want them in place by July when the advertising kicks off and our team seems very confident that we're going to hit that.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: There are 8 varieties and most retailers are taking all of them. There are a few that are taking 5 or 6 versus all 8. In many cases, we're getting double facings for each item and so it's -- we're very excited about where it -- for the chains that we already see it on shelf and how they're executing it, it's going to be in a good position. And our repeat numbers, we've kept the test markets, the 3 markets that we started last fall, we've continued to have those markets in place with the product and the repeat numbers are still very strong for that item so that's very encouraging as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So for Jennie-O, clearly the total pounds processed were down, the total pounds sold were down, but most of the drop in sales really came out of -- was in the commodity side of it. Our value-added volumes were actually up for the quarter, very significant gains continuing on the retail side and solid gains on Foodservice, a little less so on the deli components. So those are kind of our 3 go-to-market, value-added components, but overall, from a Jennie-O franchise basis, we're still in very good shape in terms of our sales volumes through to consumers.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Well, I don't have any negatives right now, Akshay. I guess that's a good thing. From a positive standpoint, our team's done a great job of getting ahead of the curve in terms of the integration aspect. So we had a 5-month transition agreement in place with the seller that we ended up getting out of in 3 months because we were ready to go, both from a plant standpoint and an order-to-cash standpoint. The sales team is very excited about having this franchise. They're working on a customer by customer basis to see if there were distribution voids or opportunities, to see if they can promote the product better. In some cases, this is what we said when we announced it -- this was going to instantly be our single largest grocery products franchise. And so in some markets, we're finding -- I mean, this has really made us a much more major distributor and supplier to certain retailers, and so it really kind of elevates our game in terms of what we can talk about there. One of the things sort of yet to come in terms of the Skippy franchise is our assessment on the marketing and the advertising side. We're starting to study that, what would be a good proposition there, where would that rank compared to our other opportunities in the company, and we'll certainly have some guidance and information on that as we head into 2014, but that's a task for the remainder of -- kind of middle and fall of this year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We really don't do line-by-line sales. I mean, we gave you a sense of those sales, though, for on a kind of U.S. and foreign basis when we closed the deal, and it's consistent with kind of -- it's not a particularly seasonal product, so I mean, you can certainly get close to the number by looking at it that way.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, based on the announcement today, you can see there is an element of a ramp-down to it, the business, we end up leaving our facility and our sales organization at the end of June so that takes us -- we still have it for 2 periods of third quarter. So I mean, I think, you can look at third quarter, there'll be less of an impact, and fourth quarter, there'll be more of an impact.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Certainly, for the remainder of the year. I mean, we really haven't frankly done a lot yet with '14.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Boy, maybe in Dinty Moore, otherwise, of the items that we're carrying the day, no, I mean, Mexican really has very little seasonality, we've learned that peanut butter has very little seasonality. Microwave meals, if anything, skew to back to school, in that kind of time range. So no, I guess I really don't see that as having that kind of impact on our grocery portfolio.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, it really seems to vary item by item, and I suppose our items probably have different consumer targets or different consumers who frequent those areas. So let's just take turkey as an example. I mean, our fresh tray pack items are still growing very solidly. We have had to take pricing on them on a fairly steady basis, unfortunately, with the -- not just this year's increase in grain cost, but a multiple year increase in it. Yet, I think we've done the right things in terms of marketing that brand and appealing to the health element for that consumer, and so that's -- it's still growing great. Behind the glass, deli sales of turkey, those are softer, and I do think price point is a factor in that, as both the retailer and the manufacturer unfortunately had to push those up some. I do think there's been some migration by consumers to other choices there. So it seems to vary by item. I just look at the overall franchises of the company, and I'm just pleased that we have so many of them that are in solid volume positions, and so overall, I'm satisfied with where we're at in terms of our pricing.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Well, here's how we look at second half. We see Grocery Products in a position to deliver very strong results. They're really hitting on all cylinders in terms of their different franchises. We have good MegaMex business. The can business is by and large growing. Microwave has now had restored growth, and then Skippy clearly will kick in a contribution to that as well. The other segment that we're expecting a really solid second half from would be international. I think, historically, people have looked at our international, and thought, oh, gee, that's kind of small and maybe doesn't have as big of an impact. But I pulled the comparison just on a 3-year basis for the first half so this year first half segment profit for international is $32.7 million. In 2010, it was $11.8 million. So I mean, it's become a major contributor to us, and we expect the growth in the second half for international to be every bit as strong as it's been in the first half. They've got good SPAM momentum. They've got good niche pork items, China's doing well, and again, Skippy will kick in, not -- obviously, we don't have the sales in China yet, but for the international sales that are outside of China. When it comes to Jennie-O and refrigerated, I mean, we're looking at them being contributors to growth in the second half, but not barnburners. In Jennie-O's case, that is a positive overall to our outlook because as I mentioned at the outset, obviously, we had some fairly significant deficits year-over-year coming out of Jennie-O in segment profit for the first half of the year as we had anticipated, and so we should now be back in a position where Jennie-O can hold its own and grow a little bit. And then Refrigerated Foods is kind of in that mode as well. I mean, overall, refrigerated has probably been a little bit under our expectation for the first half, and so we're not seeing a huge gain out of them in the second half, but it will -- but certainly, a gain. And so all those positives, obviously, as you point out and as we've talked about earlier in the call, the event with SPLENDA and the Specialty Foods was not something we had anticipated when the year began, but we now -- know it's coming and feel that the other 4 units are going to be able to more than cover any declines that are related to the loss of the SPLENDA business.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can't do much for you at this point with 2014 yet, I mean we just really on a company-wide basis have not gotten into laying down our business plan, and therefore, be able -- being able to compare, gee, how does that look versus the 2014 guidance we provided when the acquisition was announced. I don't know of any material problem related to that range, but I just -- we have not updated it. In terms of what's going on this year, those peanut costs have been favorable. There was an element of that, that was positive to the business during the second quarter, but obviously, we had a lot of one-time charges in there as well that mitigated that. But during the second half of the year, that will be beneficial to both the Grocery Products and international franchises.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. I can't quantify precisely for you in terms of the segment impact other than to tell you, obviously, it was significant enough in the total volume of Diamond Crystal that it prompted us to make a very tough decision in terms of the production facility, and obviously significant enough in terms of profit delivery that we're going to go from a year that's been very solid for Specialty Foods to a second half that's going to be more troublesome. In terms of what happened, I mean it's a franchise that we've been involved with now for a number of years. The owner of the brand had the right to bring it back in-house upon an expiration of a contract. We had been in discussions with them with hopes to extend that contract, and ultimately, the decision was made that they wanted to bring it back in-house and go their own route. And so we will now look for other opportunities. That will be one of the things we outline in Investor Day here in June. Well, Don Kremin who runs that area will be one of the presenters, and he will be able to outline for you kind of, okay, well, what does Diamond Crystal look like and what kind of things there will they be pursuing now that this contract arrangement is no longer in place.
Jody H. Feragen: I guess I'll take the Refrigerated Foods side, Akshay. Well, we did see the reduction in harvest volumes, as well as some feed sales that we had been doing that we are no longer in that business. So those would be the 2 big impacts on volume for Refrigerated Foods. As far as the value-added franchises, obviously, the fresh pork business moves up and down with the harvest volumes. So you're going to see reductions there when the harvest is lower, but we're excited about some of our value-added franchises in the Refrigerated Foods section. We saw great results on our party tray business. So we continue to look for those to deliver along with the Rev products that will be hitting in the back half of the year.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. Yes, we're very pleased with the domestic integration of Skippy. We still have the international piece that will come later this year and we believe we have all the teams in place to get that done successfully. So certainly, a great testament to the people putting a lot of effort behind that. And we are absolutely willing and able to take on additional opportunities as they present themselves, and we continue to look for things that fit with our strategic areas of focus, and we will continue to do that, and I believe that we have plenty of capacity.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure. Perhaps about less than 20% of our production comes from our live production units that are based in the western part of the United States or contracts that we have with growers that include a grain-based component. I would expect some of those grain-based contracts will end at the end of this year, but I do think that we'll keep a component of those going forward. From a strategic standpoint, we continue to evaluate all our operations and look to sustain those that provide the best shareholder returns. So I don't have any specific comment on our live grow operations at this point.
Jody H. Feragen: Boy, the comparisons have become much more difficult with the USDA changing the mandatory price reporting, I think, effective in April. So we're no longer getting the comparable voluntary price reporting, as well as the USDA changed the methodology used in building up that USDA cutout. So year-over-year comparisons are a little difficult. If I look at just our business and the way we do it, I would say it would be a net even to last year. We do expect the industry to get back into some more moderating and normalized levels in the back half, and that there should be some improvement, but giving you a year-over-year is difficult at this point.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, we have 2, 3 plants that basically do live harvest, and we've looked at our Farmer John plant to really bring in the number of heads that equal the amount of value-added product that they need, and they've done a great job of reducing cost in that area by doing that. Sure, our Fremont plant probably could be a little more efficient because it's only a single harvest, but it better matches what we need for our value-added. So I would say that having those processing capabilities to provide our own sole source of raw materials is valuable to us at this point.
Jody H. Feragen: We split out the sales numbers on -- boy, I don't -- you know what, Tim, I don't have that off the top of my head.
Jody H. Feragen: Nothing that would be substantial. So that would be the major portion and a lot of that's banker and legal fees and due diligence fees. So those are already done, even for the China sites.
Jody H. Feragen: We took the range up, I think, this quarter, and that would include any amortization related to Skippy, amortizable, intangibles and any additional depreciation. We have not finalized our purchase accounting so there may be some adjustment in there, but I feel pretty comfortable with that range I gave you.
Jody H. Feragen: Some of the change -- the majority of the change is related to the acquisition. There's some other minor things, but that would be.
Jody H. Feragen: Eric, everything's baked into the guidance range so we've included the non-recurring costs related to the acquisition of Skippy, as well as any charges for shutdown of a plant and severance, including the lost business related to SPLENDA, so everything's in.
