Jim Snee: Yes, good morning Rupesh. We have not seen the elasticity that we typically would have been pre-pandemic. The demand has held up really well across the entire portfolio, and really where we are in our pricing journey, we’ve got another round of pricing in our grocery products portfolio that is in the midst of being implemented, executed right now. On the refrigerated side, that’s a pricing model that ebbs and flows, and so we’ve seen some relief in commodity markets - we’re watching it closely, but at this point in time don’t have any additional pricing scheduled for that part of our business. But in grocery products, we do have another round that’s getting implemented right now.
Jim Snee: Well, the first part of the question is we are still in that range, and we’re expecting to be on the high end of the range, just like we were in fiscal 2021. As you think about just the business throughout the course of 2022, you’re going to see sales, earnings and margins as really improving throughout the year. As Jacinth mentioned in her comments, we do expect to have continual improvement in the supply chain that will help with fill rates and load factors. Our organic growth will be driven in large part by that improvement. The thing that we have to be on the lookout for, as we were in ’21, is just the volatility in markets or supply chain. It really can shift profits between quarters.
Jim Snee: Yes Tom, we would, and as Jim is describing in the markets and in his prepared remarks, we’re seeing some lower markets right now in the first quarter, but on average over the full year, we do expect them to be fairly flat to 2021, so you are obviously going to have some moves up throughout the year but we do expect all segments to show that growth starting in Q1.
Jim Snee: Sure, so the first thing, Adam, is we’re going to come back to you in Q1 and give you a more detailed report on some of the things that you just described, so we will be getting that information to you. I think the big thing in all of this, these strategic actions that we’re thinking about, is turkey is not going away in our portfolio, right? It’s going to continue to be an important part of our company across many different segments, many different brands. We’ve seen the evolution of our company, whether it was Project Orion, our one supply chain effort, really this opportunity to move away from duplication of resources - that’s the first thing. The second thing is when we’re honest with ourselves, the business has underperformed in recent years, and that’s not through a lack of effort on our team’s part. That’s dealing with a significant oversupply situation that’s created a lot of volatility for us, so as you think about how we’ve managed other parts of the business, it kind of flew in the face of really what we’ve been trying to achieve. Really, this announcement today is a bigger step in that evolution to make sure that we’re moving from a commodity-driven or a supply-driven business to a more demand, consumer-driven business. It also allows us to move towards a more fully integrated supply chain. There is still a lot of work to be done. We’ll be coming back to this group with more information in Q1, but feel like it’s the right and proper first step on the journey to make Jennie-O really a more long term sustainable growth engine for the company. 
Jim Snee: Sure. We’re not new to this story. We’ve taken wage rates across our entire hourly plant structure, and we’ve had to become and maintain our very competitive wage rates, so that has added costs.  I think the other thing to really understand is just the labor pool in general. The idea that you’re going to rely on the traditional labor pool that you’ve always had, it’s not going to get you where you need to be, so our team has done a really nice job of sourcing non-traditional labor pools, being creative in how we’re staffing our facilities to make sure that we are becoming more employee-friendly, and we’ve seen an improvement. I’m not going to spike the football here and say that we’re over the hump, but we have seen some improvement in our labor rates, and even more importantly is we’ve seen some improvement in key plants for us, so key plants meaning two of our larger refrigerated foods plants have seen dramatic improvement in labor rates. Two of our grocery product plants have seen improvements in labor rates, so that’s been really helpful as we’ve progressed throughout the fourth quarter and then head into 2022. The staffing levels that we’re talking about are really helpful. We still have work to do, but it is setting us up for a better 2022.
Jim Snee: Well Eric, it really is more of a timing issue. You think about where we are right now in Q1, and so we have priced to those uncommon markets that you described, and I think we have--we will watch the markets and see what happens, and if the market--if the commodity markets become volatile again, we’ll be prepared to react if we need to.  The other thing to remember in all of this, that we’ve talked about many times, is our grocery products pricing is very sticky, and so the pricing that we’ve taken and that we’re in the midst of executing the additional price increase, that pricing will by and large sustain.  On the refrigerated side, that underlying pricing commodity, we do track that more closely both in retail and food service, so we’ll react accordingly there. But I think your comment is a fair one, that says where we sit today, it’s a tailwind for the organization, we just obviously will be watching the volatility over the course of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes, so Eric, a couple of things there. We feel really good, as Jim said, about the pricing we’ve taken so far, and we’re always ready to take additional pricing actions as the market conditions warrant. Through all of this, we still have to be very aware of consumer retention. We want to make sure that we’re not losing consumers through all of this. But in terms of the pricing that I described earlier, really think about it as a second quarter on effect, that it’s being--again, timing varies, but think about it from the second quarter on for the GP portfolio.
Jim Snee: Yes Ben, we’ve got a number of examples of the automation that we’ve been able to put in place, and we’ve got both ends of the spectrum. When you think about our newer facility in Omaha, we started out with a blueprint that had more automation built into it than we’ve had in our other facilities, so that’s been very, very helpful, whether it’s been racking, loaders, the transfer vehicles. It’s an incredibly automated facility, but you’re starting with a more recent blueprint. In some of our existing facilities, we have always talked about the need for automation and have looked to find those opportunities, but I would say that the opportunity projects have accelerated over the last 12 to 18 months, and so we’ve got a number of projects across multiple facilities where we’ve talked about the package placement, we’ve talked about a lot of the boxing and other packaging opportunities. Mark Coffey did a really nice job in his one supply chain video during our investor update demonstrating that. But I think the other part, and you mentioned it, is how we think about automation going forward and then how do you factor in that labor component, which maybe wasn’t as important to factor in, in previous years, but I do think that’s going to be part of that opportunity cost that has to be figured into the automation equation as we go forward. As we think about it from an engineering perspective, we’re allocating resources in our engineering organization that we’ve never had before to make sure that not only are we identifying existing automation, but really helping to support and develop automation that isn’t even out there yet, that we believe we need in our operations. There’s still a long way to go, a lot of work to be done, but there is a very, very keen focus in our organization to get us there.
Jim Snee: The answer, Ben, is both. I think when we come back to you, we’ll be talking about what the business is able to generate in terms of growth going forward, but then a second part of your question, it’s really, really important just as we think about how do we fully utilize all of our facilities in our network to make sure that we’re optimizing those opportunities for capacity expansion. Through this integration into our one supply chain network, you’re going to see Hormel lines, perhaps a bacon line be in what traditionally have been a Jennie-O turkey facility, so it’s really leveraging the resources, leveraging the parent company to make sure that we are truly optimizing the assets that we have employed in our business.
Jim Snee: I think the best answer there, Ben, is the accretion model that we gave you at time of acquisition was that $0.17 to $0.20 range, and through our comments we’ve indicated that we expect to perform at the high end of that range. Of course that is a mix in grocery products and in our food service or convenience store channel, which is part of refrigerated foods. The business itself has been operating really, really well, meeting our expectations. The integrations have gone smoothly. We talked about already integrating one facility, the other two are right behind it, so the business is doing everything that we thought it would do so far. But then, the opportunities going forward in terms of what we’re going to be able to do from branding, flavors, innovation - I mean, there’s still a lot to come, and that’s why we’re so excited about what it has contributed and will contribute in the future.
Jim Snee: Sure, so there’s two parts to that. On the retail front, we are having different, more fruitful conversations with retailers in regards to snacking as a category and how we approach that as an organization, and that’s exactly what we expected on the retail side. On the food service or convenience store channel, the same thing is happening - we’re having much different conversations with convenience store operators. In the past, everything we did was the back of the house when you went in to get food for sandwiches or pizza. Now, that retail section of the convenience stores has been opened up because now we have something to talk about with Planters, and we’re able to follow on with other parts of our portfolio. Those are the new things for us. There was some basic blocking and tackling that we knew we’d be able to get done as well in terms of filling distribution gaps, just like we did when we acquired the Skippy business. Again, you start piecing this all together and that’s why we remain so optimistic about the acquisition and what it holds for us going forward.
Jim Snee: Rob, the only other thing I would add just as a point of clarification, is you had mentioned $0.04 of deal costs. We’ve talked about that as $0.06, so there’s another $0.02 there that you want to put into your model.
Jim Snee: Rob, your assessment on the first two quarters is correct, because you’re going to have--a big part of that will be Planters, which will be $600 million to $700 million for the full year, but basically against zero last year in the first two quarters.
Jim Snee: Ken, there’s been the impact that is probably easily quantifiable when we think about commodity costs, packaging costs, freight costs, all those things that you see, but there are other costs that have been built into this crazy volatile year, and the idea of all of a sudden one week, you might have film or ingredients or things that aren’t showing up as planned and having to react as a supply chain to make sure that you’re sourcing those, and when you’re looking to source those, it’s about supply, not cost. There are a lot of those examples on a week-to-week basis in the environment we’re in right now. I think as the entire supply chain, backwards and forwards, starts to moderate throughout the year, we’ll be able to capture more of those or have those go away so it will be less of an impact, and I think it’ll just happen throughout ’22 and probably--I mean, we’re hoping that there’s just more normalcy as we head into 2023. 
Jim Snee: Yes, thanks Ken. Two things there. The first driver through all of this for the [indiscernible] piece is really moving away from that commodity nature of the business, creating less volatility that we’ve seen over the last five years. We’ll be--like I said, we’ll come back to you in Q1 and give you a lot more color in terms of what you can expect from that business going forward.
Jim Snee: We’re still thinking about it being operational in the second quarter, so you’re really going to see the ramp-up in Q3 back half of 2022. We’ve got it modeled and right now, Michael, there is no indication that we’re going to have any delays getting the plant up and running, so we are very, very confident in our ability to meet the numbers that we’ve put into our plan for 2022.
Jim Snee: What you’re describing, Michael, is exactly right - we’ll get the benefit of some of the raw material declines that we’ve seen. But the pricing here is key, so our ability to get the pricing through when we did was very, very important. I think we’ve demonstrated a track record of being able to expand margins on the other side of these market declines, which we expect to be able to do again. It’s a combination of both of those things.
Jim Snee: The biggest risk, Carson, is the volatility. We expect freight to continue to show increases, we know that packaging is going to have some increases in 2022, and we’ve built that into our plan already. Really, where you get caught in it is more of that quarter to quarter thing, is the volatility like we saw in 2021, so from our perspective as we sit here today on December 9, it’s the volatility throughout the year that really poses the biggest risk again this year.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you for joining us this morning. It’s clear that we have a lot of momentum in our business as we head into 2022. This momentum didn’t happen by accident. It’s a result of a lot of hard work by our team members around the globe, and I am incredibly thankful for all this great work that has put our company in this enviable position. I wish all of you a very safe and happy holiday season, and have a great day.
Jim Sheehan: I think you saw, Tom, some momentum especially near the end of our fourth quarter that helped with these declining prices. You’ve seen today, for instance, hogs are down to the mid-60 range, they averaged $86 in the fourth quarter You’ve seen trim ease off, and certainly you’ve seen an easing in belly, so you’re starting to see the advantage already. You can see, as I said, in the fourth quarter you saw that momentum start to pick up near the end of the fourth quarter, so I think that we’re in a good position as we go into the first quarter and into the new year.
Jim Sheehan: Well you know, we’ve locked in our feed costs. We’re under market for--we’ve locked in about 80% of our corn and it’s under the current market, so our feed costs will be stabilized for next year. We have a good handle on the feed costs. You obviously always have the basis risk that exists, but basis has been fairly neutral for the last few months. 
Jim Sheehan: And Tom, as you look at 2022, remember you have Planters - we didn’t pick up Planters until the third quarter of last year, so you’ll see the significant improvement in the first half of the year.
Jim Sheehan: Yes Eric, the term you used, volatility is the key word. The volatility, as we’ve talked about before, can move earnings between quarters depending on the timing, but if you take out the spikes and you just look at the trends of the increased costs that we’ve been faced with over the last year, we’ve done a remarkable job of pricing into those rising markets, and the demand for our products really hasn’t failed. I think we’ve done a great job with our pricing, I think it’s been very effective. We will have times that volatility will help you or hurt you at times, but you really have to look at this as a long-term trend, and over the long term trend, it really shows that the value of Hormel products are accepted by the consumer and that we are able to price effectively into the marketplace. I think it’s been a great success.
Jim Sheehan: Overall, it’s very insignificant to the business. Some days it would be positive, but there’s a lot of days that it’s very negative, and in fact some of this product that we’ll no longer take will no longer be--you know, was never profitable, so it gave us a little bit of lift in 2021 but it’s really not that significant to the performance of the company, and we’ve talked for a long time about eliminating the volatility around commodity products, so whatever the difference is, it’s so small, the lack of volatility is the success here.  We’ve talked for a long time about selling less and less commodity products. The first step was turning over the Fremont facility, which was an old facility that needed a lot of capital. Our goal was always to get to a point where the amount of product we took matched our value-added products and our value-added needs, so this is an evolution of the process.
Jim Sheehan: It’s my favorite thing to do, Rob! I get up in the morning hoping to talk about trim and belly prices. Come on!
Jim Sheehan: Sure Peter. If you think about it, bellies, trim obviously are in high demand, but hams, for example, we sell hams out onto the market, and so we just pass through hams. That would be an item that we wouldn’t take. There’s multiple items that we’d take during certain parts of the season, for instance ribs. It basically allows us to agree to take the products that we need for our value-added production.
Jim Sheehan: Sure, yes, that’s a good baseline. For instance, off of their lines, we would take all of their hogs, we would take the trim, we would take various other cuts of meat that we needed our production, and there are certain types of things that we would not--we may not take any of them because we just--you know, as I said, it’s just a commodity product that’s being passed through, and if commodity margins, whether they’re positive or negative.  When you look at the critical inputs, think about 10,000 hogs.
