Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure, Diane. So we track our innovative items on a little bit longer time frame than the 3 years. We still count items that we've created since the year 2000 as being innovative and we feel in the food industry, the longer tracking, given how long it takes consumers to change preference, makes sense, and we still see significant increases on items we introduced 7, 8, 9 years ago. So that being said, I mean that figure, we hit our $2 billion challenge last year. We complete this year north now of $2 billion. So it's about 1/4 of our total sales come from these items that were new to the markets since the year 2000. In terms of our philosophy of what we advertise, it kind of varies. Clearly, in the area of new product innovation, we have strongly gotten behind the REV launch with the significant campaign this summer and with plans to reinitiate advertising as we head into the new calendar year next year. We're excited about that product line. It's off to a great start. Sell-through to consumers through the retail channel for REV thus far this year are nearly $30 million, and it's only been a national distribution for 4 months. So we think that item is building some very nice momentum. But we also do advertise some of our traditional products. We'll have a SPAM campaign in the upcoming year. It'll be more digital and print-oriented. We did talk about that we want to initiate advertising for Skippy, and so in the second half of the year, you should see something for the Skippy products. And then Jennie-O Turkey Store will back on air, having a stronger campaign. They expect to be featuring turkey tacos, using their lean ground product, and that's anticipated to be on air starting in January.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I'll use REV as the example for that. And we're still kind of in the scheme of food in the early days of REV. But it was a launch that took us several years of consumer research to prepare for. We put a big effort against it in terms of gaining distribution quickly, and then a strong ad campaign. That frankly, had not been the norm for a lot of our other innovative items. They had tended to be maybe more niche items or simpler line extensions. Maybe 1 other exception that would be Natural Choice, we built from nothing and did put advertising against. So we're certainly hopeful that the strong campaign for REV within a couple of years here is going turn it into a solid profit contributor for the Refrigerated Foods group. And is that a model going forward? If we have another exciting big idea item like REV, then we would be prepared to support it.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: The other piece, Robert, I mean, what -- the item we're going to feature next year for Jennie-O, the lean ground franchise, always takes off during diet seasons, so through January through March, April time frame, so we wanted to coincide the next big push on advertising with that launch.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So Jennie-O, I mean, years ago, we really didn't advertise it with a lot of muscle at all. And then in the last maybe 5 to 6 years, we've really seen the benefit as we built out that franchise and branded set of items to being really, frankly, the only turkey brand on air. So we've had very significant campaigns in '11 and '12, heading into '13. We knew we were going to be confronted with some macro challenges in that unit and so we kind of had planned the year to be a little bit quieter year on the advertising front, with the thought that, yes, even months ago, that '14 should be a year we get back on strongly, and that is the plan now we intend to execute.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, Jennie-O Turkey Store is primarily a vertically-integrated operations. So it's pure cost-based. We're less concerned about what the market price of any given turkey component is in terms of our inputs. So in terms of rooting for anything in particular, the dark meat portion of the bird is still the portion that would be most susceptible to going export or going in a commodity form. So the breast meat market really kind of doesn't matter in that regard. We tend to value-add almost all that product. So all else being equal, higher commodity turkey prices will get us better returns in the export and commodity markets for those dark meat components and that would be a benefit to Jennie-O and that's part of why we are expecting a good strong year out of Jennie-O on 2014 versus what they were confronted with early in 2013.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay, so the Skippy change, in terms of sales momentum, we're very pleased with where it is, both on a domestic and the international markets that we were controlling at this point in the year. We're dealing with year-over-year comparisons that we didn't own it a year ago so, I mean, a little apples to oranges there. But we -- our sales team has done a nice job of gaining additional distribution of Skippy, of gaining better features. So we're really -- the mission in 2014, frankly, on the domestic side is rejuvenating the brand with the Skippy consumer. So it's those sales execution elements, and it'll be the advertising element, and we think our expectation is that should be strong. And then when coupled with what we're looking at now, that we own the China facility and overseas, our overall expectation for Skippy returns in 2014 are consistent with the guidance we provided when we bought the business. So kind of around a $0.15 contribution is the midpoint there, and that is inclusive of the ad campaign that we referenced for the second half of 2014.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Now it's -- I mean, in grocery pricing, we've gone through some changes in that with the MegaMex business getting bigger and that's [indiscernible] down a percentage. If you look at the sort of old Grocery Products of 16%, 17% returns, Skippy is kind of right in there with the advertising we're looking to do.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Very much so, Tim. So our strength in international, from a sheer volume standpoint, still is more of the traditional market, so the Philippines and Okinawa and Guam and many of the other territories. Two real opportunity markets for us for SPAM going forward are mainland Japan and China. We introduced SPAM to China. It's been about 4 years ago, but then we had a hiatus for 12 to 18 months when there were some trade issues that kept us from shipping the product in there. But we're back building distribution there. We do think it is leverage-able with Skippy, they're both shelf-stable items sold into that retail channel that makes us a bigger player with the retailers in those areas, and Skippy is already in a lot more markets than SPAM is in China. So we do intend to work to try to piggyback those 2 together, going forward, in that market.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, pretty low awareness, candidly, Tim. I mean, it's -- you get more of that in Japan. So even though in mainland Japan we've not pushed the item, a lot of Japanese have traveled either to their own southern island of Okinawa or to Hawaii or many places. So the familiarity with SPAM in Japan is quite a bit higher. In China, it was pretty much a new brand and a new product, and so it's one that will just stay gradual building.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, back in 2010, 2011, we did enjoy operating margins more in the low 7% range, the last 2 years have been more in the 5%. So we -- our game plan is certainly to start migrating back to where we were and hopefully go beyond that at some point. And you've identified some of the drivers. Definitely, the new product innovation, the REVs and the FIRE BRAISED in the Foodservice group. Over time, we hope we'll migrate of those margins upward.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We do intend to increase production modestly in 2014 to support our value-added needs. After cutting production for the past 2 years, even the small increase will still leave us below our 2011 harvest levels.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We're really not. I guess, we don't know what transpired within that organization, but we were able to fill all of our fresh whole turkey orders. And, really, from what we've read in terms of other industry players, they seem to be also in a position of filling orders. So I think that was limited to one operation.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. It definitely has been more competitive in the latter half of the year, and chili may be one of the brands that we are seeing that is seeing some slowdown in terms of the center of the store sales that you're kind of hearing about from some of the other players. We don't have any television or traditional media ad plan for chili for the next year, but we will have strong promotional support in-store, a major push against the Super Bowl season and also, following up with that some of the other major drivers of kind of gatherings. Our Hormel chili is a particularly -- a strong usage, sort of out of the bowl dips and other types of items, and so it lends itself to March Madness and grad parties and you name them. So we definitely will have strong efforts to promote it on that basis.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: So $0.15 is the total contribution. When we made the acquisition, we described our expectation for 2013 as being a modest accretion. It probably came in a little better than we had initially anticipated, but we haven't given a precise number and we really don't want to get into a kind of product line by product line profit numbers. So we gave you the $0.15 initially, and we're standing by it. But that's probably the last time we're going to give a specific number and cents per share for one line item in the franchise.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Okay. We feel very good about the REV launch thus far. Our retail team did a great job gaining distribution in-store in time for our July ad campaign. We then saw a great lift from the campaign itself, enhanced trial, our repeat numbers are strong. And so it's off to a great start. The initial line had 8 items, we've added 4 more already and with probably a few more to come in the upcoming years. So it seems like it's well poised to be a great contributor for us. Now that being said, I mean, I think we talked about it at Investor Day. I mean, this kind of a launch is an investment. So in terms of any sort of bottom line return coming from REV, I mean, we're -- that's probably 2015. I mean, we're in the mode that we're -- we think this warrants making this investment but it's not driving bottom line results right now. Compleats breakfast, since that's more of a -- kind of a line extension to an existing line, there's more of an expectation that, that should be able to contribute right away. It's off to a decent start. It's not as robust maybe is what we're seeing on REV, but it's gained a good distribution and the consumers seem to be enjoying the products. And so between those and some of the newer pasta items we rolled out during -- earlier part of last year, both -- which are avail-ed by new technology that we have in place in our Dubuque plant, we feel good about the Compleats franchise. We've had some nice results in the last couple of quarters. And then your question about the -- kind of how to tie it into refrigerated and why is refrigerated down, Jody has a good answer for you on that piece.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I mean, you really will need to look at net sales. Because, I mean, REV is not a particularly heavy item, so it's -- it doesn't drive nearly as much volume as it does unit and dollar sales.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We certainly do expect that grain costs will become increasingly more favorable as the year goes on. I mean, even in the most current quarter, it actually were slightly higher year-over-year. But as we blend in some more of the corn that's now in the $4 and $5 range, we're certainly in a better position with that. In terms of our expectation for the unit, clearly, would add up to somewhere in the upper end of that range. We're looking at kind of a low double-digit increase for Jennie-O for the year. Now that's inclusive of advertising. So we want to make sure the momentum of that product line continues going forward. And so we -- arguably, we'll be reinvesting a little bit of the benefit we're gaining on the grain picture in to making sure we maintain that momentum of the new items.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Right. So, China is in international. But our -- your expectations for Grocery should be in the higher 5% to 10% range for 2 reasons: one is a full year Skippy, so they had 3 quarters of it this year. And frankly, the quarters we lap, we expect to have some growth. I mean, we've made some nice distribution gains. And then top of that, we can -- we have some nice momentum in the MegaMex side of the business. We're introducing a lot of new items under the Herdez brand, and so we expect some solid results on top line from that group as well.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. Yes, that's the expectation. They'll improve as the year goes on. The team is working hard to find new areas of business to grow in the future. But you saw the quarter they just had. That's what they're confronted with, at least early in the year. And they'll gradually improve from there.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It's performing well. It's performing well on a top line basis because we are gaining distribution and doing a better job with sales features. It's performed well on the bottom line basis. So that was my comment earlier where it did a little better than the modest accretion we had expected for 2013. In terms of advertising, when you make an acquisition, I mean, you only have so much information. Our thought process going into it was we think -- we thought it was a wonderful brand that hadn't been communicated in quite a while and that we thought that was going to be a leverage point for the business, and our team still thinks that. They're in the process, right now, of really landing on the right messaging. You should be looking for that campaign in the second half of the year. So that's when they feel they will be ready to go with it. But otherwise, it's consistent with what our expectations had been for the brand.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, let me give -- I'll give you a few reasons, at least, that would come to me. One is, we won't see a full year of the kind of grain costs that you're seeing reflected in the current cash markets. I mean, one, because the timing of bringing turkey to market; and two, because of the continual hedge program that, in some cases, lock you in a little bit higher than what the current market is. Another reason would be we do have some sales within the Jennie-O organization, particularly on the Foodservice side that are on formula-based contracts. So that if the grain goes down, then the price does go down in some cases there, so that's not just all falling to the bottom line. And then the last reason I would cite would be the enhanced advertising campaign. So we are kicking back in to a level more like what we had done in our stronger years of 2011, 2012. And so we are investing some of the expected grain benefit into advertising.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, it's material. I mean, in international, we've had wonderful growth in that group. We've said that, against our 5 and 10 algorithm of company-wide of 10%, company-wide segment profit growth that we expect international group is going to be able to do better than that. And I would expect that again in the upcoming year, both with the momentum they already had on their business and the fact that they now have control over the Skippy China piece.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, great question. The primary driver of lower SG&A this quarter was advertising expense. And as much as we'd like to think you could turn that on a dime because it takes a little more planning than that and the primary cuts were at the Jennie-O. And we've talked about them of facing a difficult year all year. They had more muted advertising. We -- Jeff indicated in the previous answer, expect that to get back to more normalized levels. But that would be the SG&A explanation.
Jody H. Feragen: Andrew, this is Jody. I think we're pretty comfortable with the pricing we have to date, given the market conditions to date. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty as it relates to the hog markets, and we'll have to reassess as we go. Some of our contracts are based -- more tightly linked to input costs, so those kind of have automatic adjustments that go with them. So we'll continue to monitor it. Like Jeff had indicated, we continue to have the opportunity to improve the margins in the Refrigerated Foods area.
Jody H. Feragen: Eric, this is Jody. I couldn't have said it better myself. Certainly, right now, we're experiencing favorable -- more favorable cut-out margins. It'll all depend on the volatility in the marketplace. So that's -- we're not looking for that to be a big win or a driver for us next year. So for the full year, kind of flattish.
Jody H. Feragen: So, sure, Jeff, thanks. So actually, you'll remember, I think we talked about it in the third quarter call. We exited some low/no margin feed business in the Refrigerated Foods, and that's a huge driver of those volume decreases. So we'll start seeing some more normalized levels and comparisons when we enter the back half of 2014. So follow up with Jana on any additional questions regarding that.
Jody H. Feragen: We all want to be righter than wronger. Tim, we challenge all our business units to deliver at a minimum 5% top line growth. Jennie-O does have the added complexity with the commodity sales. But as Jeff had indicated, we're increasing our harvests slightly to accommodate some more value-added sales. So I think if you model the 4% to 6% range, you would be right in there.
Jody H. Feragen: So for -- 2013 really was impacted by the required accounting for an incentive/earnout-type payment on the Fresherized Food acquisition. And as that business has had spectacular performance partially aided by some favorable avocado costs, we needed to really do some catch-up on making sure that we were accruing. For 2014, it will still -- we'll still have expense related to that incentive payment, but it should be somewhat less. And I think the rest of the business should perform to cover that down. So I would not expect to see year-over-year decreases in the realm that you've seen in the last couple of quarters.
Jody H. Feragen: I would not move it too much either way. Most of the rabbi trust is invested in more fixed type return items to take out that volatility that we saw back in the late 2000.
Jody H. Feragen: Akshay, why don't you follow-up with Jana on that? That's a little more granular than I'm prepared to address right now.
Jody H. Feragen: And Rob, international did benefit from Skippy in 2013 as well because of -- the North American part of that portfolio as well as exports into some of the Asia countries, but not China.
