Jim Snee: Yes. Jack, thanks for the question. We've spent a lot of time over the last several years working on our jobs business. We know we've got a a fantastic brand. We've been doing a lot of work to continue to build a stronger business model that leverages our entire enterprise. And we had a strong finish to 2021, a great first half. We've got uncertainty in the back half of 2022. And we are going to begin to repopulate those farms. And we're going to return the supply in a very safe and timely manner. And so we know that the demand is there for the product. And as supply comes back in line, we expect strong demand across retail and foodservice. What we've tried to highlight were a couple of the differences in terms of what's changed since 2015 when we think about feed costs, when we think about labor costs. But I think the most important thing for us is that as we get supply ramped back up, we know that the demand is going to be there, both in the retail channel and the foodservice channel, because of the work that we've done. And as markets stay strong and if markets are better, that opportunity certainly exists.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Antonio, thanks for the question. Again, the work that we've done to develop our business in China has been really, really successful as we've been able to build out a very balanced and strong business model, both on the retail and foodservice side of the business. If we go back to 2020, at the outset of a pandemic, when really China led the way in terms of shutting down and some of the current -- some of the similar dynamics that they're facing today, the business behaved much like it is today. We saw a slowdown in foodservice, a ramp-up in retail. But then as thins got back to somewhat normal, we saw a return in our foodservice business. And so, having that near-term experience that we would expect to see our business return to a very strong growth trajectory. That being said, knowing that we're dealing with these 2 partial shutdowns that really will have more of an impact in our Q3, there may be some short-term impact on the China business. But really, there's absolutely no change in our long-term outlook. Very confident in the business, and very strong demand in all aspects of it.
Jim Snee: Yes, Ken. So this round of pricing in GP will cover down our costs, our expenses. And as you know, I mean, we are very, very thoughtful about the managing of our pricing and promotions to ensure the long-term health of our business. And we always take a long-term view, because as we said in our comments, in our press release, we know that we have a responsibility to our customers, to our consumers and to the categories. In regards to pushback, what I would say is that really the pricing dynamics haven't changed. We've always had case and have strong justification for why a price increase is necessary.  I would say that what has changed is probably that we're all -- retailers and manufacturers, we're all experiencing the same broad-based inflation. And even though that's the case, I mean, it still doesn't make conversations any easier because we're all going for the same thing. And that's that responsibility to protect the equity of the brand and the business. And then I would say, in terms of pricing, the brands or the categories that we've seen the most impact on, and this is the price increase impact, would be SPAM because of our protein inputs and some of our packaging costs and then WHOLLY Guacamole because of avocados and then really least impacted would be SKIPPY. SPAM and WHOLLY have both -- as you look at the data, they both held up incredibly well in the face of some pretty strong pricing actions. So hopefully, that gives you some clarity.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a great question. I know a conversation we'll be having as we continue to head into the -- or face some of these economic challenges. But I think the key takeaway for us is this balance that we've continued to build across all of our business. And as we think about our portfolio, we've got such an incredibly wide range of offerings when we think about the value consumer. And that's where Jacinth talks about our GP portfolio that historically has done well during slowdowns. And this quarter, we've been able to demonstrate great top line growth, great volume growth. Now we just have to get caught up on some of the inflationary factors. But as you think about that balance across consumer type, across channel, across products, across brands, we're able to navigate these environments really, really well. And while we're talking about the value consumer, I mean, the thing to remember is that we still have premium consumers and premium offerings that are doing incredibly well. The strength of our Columbus business, when we think about entertaining and snacking, when we see the continued strength of our Applegate business, which is more of a food forward type brand and product line. And then it all goes back to really the balance that we've built across the portfolio that sets us up incredibly well for so many different economic conditions.
Jim Snee: Yes. I would say there's not really a dramatic change. It really is just a call out in terms of what we do. We've talked a lot about the strength of our brands and the investments that we make in our brands every year. And that is our responsibility. It's something that we believe is a differentiated capability for us as we think about brand stewardship. And so -- and it's also about the recognition that we have a responsibility to our brands. We understand that there are others in the channel that we have an obligation to as well to make sure that we're taking care of our customers, that we're taking care of our consumers. And even in our foodservice business, we've got to take care of our operators to make sure that we're servicing their needs and providing great value. But again, all of it goes back to this long-term view that we always take is to make sure that, yes, we have to run the business for today. But we want to make sure that we have long-term healthy businesses, long-term healthy categories.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a great question. Bryan, you didn't mess that up. Nice job. So for us, as we've talked about this year at the first quarter, we were expecting some sequential margin improvement throughout the year. So the impact this year is really what's going to happen with Jennie-O in the third quarter. So that is a big factor. The other thing is our mix, right? Our mix does change in our third quarter. And then like I said, the jobs impact will be a significant impact. And then as we get into the fourth quarter, we'll continue to have strong business in Refrigerated Foods. We've got still some uncertainty in jobs, but we expect that to perform better. And then the big driver is the Grocery Products pricing that we talked about, which will take hold in the fourth quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes. Brian, it is one of the things obviously that we watch very closely. We talk a lot about the strength and the competency of our foodservice business, our food service, direct selling organization, the incredible portfolio that we've built over the last several decades. And so we know that our -- we're well positioned to support the foodservice industry with all of their needs that they have. Top of mind, of course, is labor. But specifically to your question, as we're watching these dynamics, and intuitively, you would say with all of the soaring inflation and soaring gas prices, that what you described would take place. But as we think about what we're hearing with flight bookings, what we're hearing about lodging bookings, what we are seeing and hearing from restaurant reservations is that, certainly in the short term, and I think even beyond that, we're going to continue to see...
Jim Snee: Well, that's what we said in private, but we weren't going to say that publicly. You did. But really, we're -- I think the key takeaway here is we're well positioned as the foodservice business may shift from segment to segment within the channel. And then just on a broader basis, we don’t see any short term slowdown in the foodservice business. We do think there is still incredible pent-up demand and we are able to take advantage of it. The one thing I did talk about was, as individuals may change the way they travel, if they're not flying because of airlines prices and they begin to drive even though fuel prices are higher, the C-store channel is an area where we've made tremendous progress in a short period of time. And the acquisition of Planters has really helped us both in the retail aspect but the foodservice or the takeaway food aspect of the convenience store channel. So that was -- that's the shorter version of my long answer.
Jim Snee: No. We would expect the effect or the benefit will take -- will have an impact. It will be right at the end of the third quarter, beginning of the fourth quarter. And so naturally, of course, that will flow into the first quarter of '23. But the full fourth quarter will be impacted in a positive way.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Eric, thanks for the question. And the comparisons to 2015 are never perfect. So when we say we're down 25%, right, we are talking about our company-owned facilities. Your other question about us buying meat, and that we are not currently buying meat this year. And then again, let's just think about the timing, which is usually 26 weeks. And so we've started some repopulation when you think about when the event started. So the volume will get better in Q4, but still down compared to normal. And then assuming that we don't have any more outbreaks from this event or that we don't see a reoccurrence in the fall, we would expect again to have more traditional volumes available in Q1.
Jim Snee: Sure, sure, sure. So the 2 biggest drivers really is we think about the supply side of the business. One is feed cost, which is significantly higher today. And then we have had significant SKU rationalization. So as we think about the work that we're doing in this transformation of jobs to make sure that we've got a stronger business model, we have rationalized a number of different SKUs that have made us far less dependent on outside meat purchases.
Jim Snee: Yes. Rob, we talked a little bit, but happy to revisit that. Yes. The pricing that we're talking about has been negotiated recently. And as you know, we do have in our GP portfolio, that's really 60- to 90-day lag to have our pricing take effect. And so we're in that window, and that's why we're talking about the end of July or the end of Q3. What we talked about earlier in terms of the pricing and the environment that we're in is that really the pricing dynamics haven't changed in regards to the justification that we've had to provide. What we think has changed and what we know everybody is experiencing that same broad-based inflation. So the data is being felt by everyone. And it doesn't make the conversations any easier. So we've had a lot of the same conversations. It's just that everyone is feeling the -- or seeing the same information. And then the other thing that we did talk about was understanding that we've always taken a very thoughtful approach to the management of our pricing and promotions. Because while we have this inflationary environment that we're in, we need to ensure the long-term health of our brands. And so that's how this has played out in terms of the pricing for GP. And then that's how we're thinking about the actual pricing environment that we're in.
Jim Snee: Yes. Sure. So Arthur, I mean the placement of our products remains very, very strong and continues to get better as our supply chain improves. We're able to improve the assortment of our products, the mix. And as our supply chain and our capacity continues to get better, we are able to engage in select promotional activity as well. So from a distribution perspective, it continues to be strong and getting better as our supply chain continues to recover. As we think about elasticity, there is still a lot of noise in terms of fill rates, assortment, promo, really getting some of the second and third tier items back on the shelf from the impact of the pandemic. And so I mean, we're watching that very closely. But we still see lots of noise in the system for the balance of the year. And our brands have responded well to that pricing. So we're going to continue to support them with advertising and promotion. And we've got any potential impact factored into the guidance that we've provided for the back half of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Carson, thank you. I mean as we go back several years and the work that we've done to create our one supply chain and really leverage the strength of the enterprise is one of the key factors that's allowed us to navigate this incredibly difficult operating environment. Since we last talked, we have seen meaningful improvement in our supply chain since the end of January. And those improving labor trends have really helped in terms of our improved production, the building of some inventory, improvement of fill rates. And that has had a very positive impact on our business. So that being said, while we're continuing to get better with labor within our own facilities, we continue to see upstream and downstream challenges. And those challenges are significant on a weekly basis, whether it could be a packaging or ingredient headwind or when it comes to freight, ability to get product into and out of ports, that impacts our international business, that is still a very real constraint for us that hasn't cleared yet. So we feel good about the work that we've done to improve our supply chain. There's still some upstream and downstream things that need to clear. But as that labor gets better, we expect that to mitigate over time. 
Jim Snee: Yes. Rebecca, the biggest issue in terms of total volume was the reduction in pork supply as we renegotiated our pork supply agreement at the end of last year. Labor was a factor, but I wouldn't say it really was a significant driver. It was really less -- far less than pork in terms of the total impact on the volume.
Jim Snee: Yes. That is something that we've broken out before. And actually, what I probably would do is just so we get you the exact information is we'll have David follow up with you so you've got the exact number of pounds that we've talked about in the past. 
Jim Snee: Well, thank you, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm incredibly proud of the results our team delivered in the face of an incredibly difficult operating environment. We've spent a lot of time and effort over the years developing a strategic and balanced portfolio for times just like these. And it's our people, our brands and our culture are what gives me confidence in our ability to continue to deliver results. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Jacinth Smiley: And yes, just to add to -- yes, I just wanted to add to Jim's comment. I mean, this portfolio does very well during these slowdowns. And we're currently leaning into advertising in our key brands like SPAM and Planters and really expect to continue to see strong growth as we're seeing with -- in the face of all this inflation and negatively impacting the bottom line. But there is still very strong top line growth in consumption. Data continues to be very positive with double-digit growth in many of our key categories.
Jacinth Smiley: And I'll just add. It's just having that -- again, that long-term view, but maintaining that stickiness that we have with our ultimate consumers and not really doing anything in our mind that would really destroy that brand equity that we have built up over time with our consumer base.
Jacinth Smiley: Last -- we're referring to the GAAP numbers, which is $0.39, right, which is the adjusted [39th] week.
Jacinth Smiley: And I just want to -- this is Jacinth. I just want to clarify my answer to Tom. Our adjusted GAAP EPS number in Q3 of last year was $0.39 less Planters, one-timer. That is what we're comparing to. And we expect to be in line to be better than that in Q3.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And if anything, Rebecca, we would say it has actually accelerated some of the work that was already underway to be able to reposition the business and reposition the plant the way we were planning to restructure this business to continue to be very consumer focused and really leaning towards and embracing the trends that we're seeing in the consumer space. And so if anything, it really has been a positive. And we continue to be on track to realize the time line and the savings that we have communicated externally.
