Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. Yes, really the guidance range increase is pretty much recognizing the beat for the first quarter. As we look at the remainder of the year, we had a robust growth plan already submitted for the year. We're still confident that we should be able to deliver against that plan. There are things that are trending more strongly and there are things that are more challenging, but all in we're comfortable that this new range reflects our best estimate of where we think the year should turn out.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Sure. SKIPPY has been a wonderful acquisition for the company. Even this current quarter where we experienced some down sales in the grocery part of it, the domestic U.S. part, we really feel that's a short-term reaction to kind of the pricing activity going on within the category and we're still very, very bullish on the item long-term. We've done a good job of gaining new distribution. We have our new ad campaign that we have confidence in going forward. We are looking to create innovative products, the first of which are the SKIPPY Singles items out in the marketplace. And even this quarter SKIPPY on a international basis enjoyed very good results and we're pleased with where that's heading. CytoSport is also off to a good start. A lot of activity has gone on in these first few months of ownership. We've already seen some really significant sales achievements within the food, drug and mass channel that we frankly kind of knew that Hormel would be an advantage for us bringing that skill set to that brand. And we continue to bolster efforts in some of the other channels as well, the club and specialty channels. The team is hard at work at creating the right cost structure for that overall business. We're now running that business on a collaborative or combined basis with our previous Century Foods organization. That was a custom manufacturer within the sports nutrition world. And so we're definitely confident in the $0.05 accretion that we've called out for that business going forward.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. On the top line side, we enjoyed really an excellent quarter on the MegaMex franchise, particularly the Herdez and Wholly brands and so those definitely should be superior delivery vehicles for Grocery Products going forward. Our expectation is that SKIPPY is going to be a solid growth contributor for our company and it has been every quarter that we've owned it, except for this one. And so we need to get through this price decrease activity that occurred during the quarter and move on and restore our growth there. We continue to enjoy growth with our SPAM product line, have good consumer marketing against that line and continue to add flavors. So overall, we're encouraged that Grocery Products should be able to deliver growth within its segment. On the input or more cost oriented side, I mean we were talking about probably the second half of the year is where we really expect Grocery Products to start showing significant year-over-year growth. That will come in part we think from the top line benefit of the ad campaigns that we referenced in our earlier comments. We're in a better raw material cost picture. When you look at churn (18:54) costs, for example, they're much more favorable right now than they were a year ago. And we're still working through some old inventory before we can fully reflect those, but that definitely will be a help. We should be in a better position in terms of our production resources following the closure of the Stockton plant and moving a couple of those lines as well as some new lines of production at Dubuque that we previously announced. So those are all reasons why we're bullish on the second half for Grocery Products on the input side.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean compared to a lot of companies, we're probably not as exposed, but we still do care about our International business and it's certainly a pain to have some of our important branded products being held up and not being able to deliver them to our customers in the marketplace. We're as hopeful as anyone that the thing will get resolved, but I don't know that I have any better perspective than anyone reading the paper can provide as to how likely that is to happen, but we're a little hand to mouth with some of our inventories right now in terms of shipping overseas, but in terms of total impact to the business, it has not been meaningful.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can't put a price tag on that, Eric, but in terms of the trend, you're absolutely right. I mean not only was propane short, it was very expensive. So the market for the product is much better this year. On top of that we basically operate in Minnesota and Wisconsin. That's where all our turkey barns are. It has been relatively speaking a more mild winter here, so in terms of propane usage it's not been as significant. So those are both definitely benefits that have been part of what you described as sort of the off-the-chart performance by Jennie-O, coupled with commodity meat markets that have remained higher than we had thought they would, although they certainly are starting to trend back to a more normal level.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Yes, we definitely have heard more positive commentary in terms of the general outlook for the marketplace. The lower gas prices seems to kind of play itself out fairly quickly within that segment in terms of traffic builds. We obviously hope and I think we've delivered over time performance over the trend line for the overall business. And I guess I would attribute that to some of the innovative new products that the team's come out with, including the BACON 1 that we're having good success with right away this year. And then also their focused approach on certain of the business segments, some of the non-commercial areas such as colleges and universities and healthcare that they've really been able to create new items for and really create some excellent relationships and service that again hopefully allow them to perform above that market trend.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We did provide heading into the year a new sense of what we thought was a normalized range of 13% to 17% and certainly acknowledge this quarter exceeded that. Now all the ranges we provided were annualized ranges. Jennie-O has historically had stronger profit delivery in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, and then as you get into the summer months the cost picture is a little more challenging typically and some of the demand changes. So it's hard to give you a quarter-by-quarter sense of that. I mean for the full year, we certainly expect Jennie-O will come in nearer to the top of the range than in the middle and they definitely still should enjoy the benefits on the grain side, but we expect less benefit in terms of the commodity meat performance.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, there is some commodity element, but we did enjoy solid high-single-digit growth really throughout the value-added pieces of Jennie-O. The most heralded part of the brand would be the retail products that we're enjoying excellent success on ground turkey, sold both in tray pack and chub forms that are being supported by the ad campaign, but also a nice quarter from the deli group, rotisserie and some other premium seasoned items. Food service also had a good quarter. So I think we do look at it as we've been able to spur greater demand for the value-added products. The consumers that have found the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand are trying more items and enjoying it more often. And while we've enjoyed really great growth, not just this year but over a number of years, when you look at overall household penetration, it's still very low. And so we think we've got all sorts of room to go. The trend toward health and wellness is certainly a tailwind that Jennie-O takes advantage of. And so I think we're well positioned to continue to grow this item.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, our focus at Jennie-O is clearly trying to have a supply chain that delivers against the value-added portfolio. Although we've done a great job of creating items that utilizes dark meat portion of the turkey, the reality is, as with most companies, there is an element of that product line that ultimately ends up being exported or utilized in the non-value added form and it will probably, I don't want to say it will always be that way, but it's certainly been that way for the last 10, 15 years and it certainly is trending that way. So that aspect of it we think the dollar sales will definitely be lower because those prices are coming down on a market basis. But in terms of then the $1 billion plus worth that go out in a value-added form for Jennie-O, those we see holding their own even in this diminished marketplace for commodity.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: No, I don't think it is. I mean when you look at the total portfolio, I mean there's elements that Jennie-O probably had some commodity benefit, but there are other parts of the business that are still experiencing general input pressures frankly that diminish their usual returns. So I mean all in, we're all about our balanced model and we're comfortable that for the course of the year with that $0.05 we certainly attained for the first quarter and we expect to be able to hold our plan then for the rest of the year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: A good question, Mario. No, it really doesn't. I mean maybe it's a refinement that we're going to just redouble our attention on the markets where we have enjoyed better success; China, Japan, the Philippines, Korea. And Vietnam, it's a combination of how that business was structured. We just were not able to find a way to profitability given its verticality. It was feed mills, pig farms, a meat processing business and then ultimately the sale into the marketplace. And after trying for several years in collaboration with our partner there we just decided, look, this doesn't seem to be working for us. And so we've sold our interest to the partner. But no, that should not be seen as a reflection of any sort of abandonment of Asia overall. We're still very high on that. We've been happy with our new plant in China that came onboard with SKIPPY and our ability to grow in Asia with that franchise as well as many of our meat franchises.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, on the specifics of ACVs that's probably something maybe Jana could go over with you. I don't have those numbers with me right now, and it kind of does depend by channel. But I certainly can get to the second part of your question. We were fortunate within the convenient store channel to be partner with the Pepsi organization. They do a terrific job within that area. They've enjoyed being partners with the Muscle Milk team for a long time and have been really appreciative of the redoubled effort that we're now able to do to our new product innovation in that area. And so they see it as a growth vehicle for their distributors to utilize and we clearly see it as a growth area for us as well. It does enhance our overall knowledge of the C-store area and we kind of handle the food aspects of the C-store still with our own team with products such as our Don Miguel products and REV and those other types of items, but as we become larger within that segment that can only help in terms of our ability to develop the types of items that the C-store world is looking for.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, thanks, everyone. I'm really pleased with the opportunity to be able to talk about another record performance for the company this quarter. We recognize that there are still a number of challenges that face us this year, but I'm confident that our teams have the plans in place to drive continued growth for our shareholders. Thank you all for joining us today.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, Farha, I'm not sure what two transactions you're talking about and we wouldn't comment on any specific businesses that are available. But still go back to the things that we're looking for in acquisitions and really to meet the platforms of global, certainly things that have an international component are very attractive. We've done some nice work in the snacking and on-the-go business. So meeting things that meet that criteria, better-for-you as well as things that can add accretion to our existing margin structure. We like number one and number two brands. And certainly anything that adds a component where we can bring some innovation is obviously attractive to us. So we continue to evaluate opportunities.
Jody H. Feragen: So I would say there were one-time positive issues this quarter. We had some miscellaneous sale of assets as well as some sales on (22:38) use tax refunds and that would get parked in that corporate line. So I would guess that last year is more representative of a going forward rate.
Jody H. Feragen: Yes, this is Jody. We certainly have seen that spread remain high, although the year-over-year impact to Hormel was not significant. So that was not a big driver for our Refrigerated Foods business this quarter. And we'd expect them to be in more normalized ranges for the rest of the year. The hog prices have come down, but the value of the inputs have also come down and they've maintained that respective spread.
