Jeff Ettinger: Thank you, Jana and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report record results for our second quarter of fiscal 2016. Earnings in the second quarter were $0.40 per share, up a robust 21% from last year. Sales for the quarter were $2.3 billion, a 1% increase despite lower turkey volumes at Jennie-O Turkey Store and soft export demand in our international segment. We reached an agreement to sell Diamond Crystal Brands in the second quarter and completed the transaction in recent days. This business, which was part of our Specialty Foods segment, represented approximately $260 million of annual sales. While Diamond Crystal Brands performed acceptably, it did not fit our long-term strategic priorities. As a result of the transaction, there was a small goodwill impairment recorded this quarter to reflect the final sales price. Our Specialty Foods Group will retain Hormel Health Labs, a provider of nutritional foods and beverages developed specifically for individuals with special dietary needs, which was previously a part of Diamond Crystal Brands. We continue to ensure a smooth transition for the customers and employees of Diamond Crystal Brands. In addition to our earnings release this morning, we also announced the acquisition of Justin’s LLC, a pioneer in the specialty nut butter category. The acquisition comes with the fast growing Justin’s brand of natural and organic products, a strong management team, access to new customers and several manufacturing agreements. The deal is subject to the customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals in the United States and is expected to close within 60 days. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee who will provide additional details about the Justin’s acquisition and also take you through each segment.
Jeff Ettinger: I think your overall – this is Jeff, Adam, your overall math would be correct. It would have been slightly down absent the Applegate added sales. In terms of the differential between parts of the business, I mean we did talk about the foodservice had a really very strong quarter. So clearly, we are a little bit off on some of the retail brands, but it was a mixed bag. They had some nice success with some of their items, such as Natural Choice and party trays and pepperoni, but they did have a couple of the franchises that were down somewhat.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I mean, I think not just for Refrigerated, frankly, we are looking at a more favorable environment for net sales growth for multiple segments next quarter. This quarter was still not quite where we would like it to have been, but it was not at the level of declines that the last two or three quarters had been. So, we are seeing the sequential improvement. And our outlook heading into the second half, for example, you’ve got Jennie-O now with full volumes, so that will be a much more favorable picture. In terms of margins, who we have talked before about the foodservice is a solid contributor to overall refrigerated foods returns. The greater volatility piece more recently have been the processing margins were still quite strong this quarter although a little bit less than Q1.
Jeff Ettinger: Farha, this is Jeff. I mean, that will be clearly one of the pieces we assess when we create our business plan for 2017. We are sticking with our margin guidance that we have provided for each of the segments at the beginning of the year with the one exception being obviously we did update the Specialty Foods segment as we said we would once we had visibility of the Diamond Crystal transaction being completed, but we recognized that at this point a number of our segments are performing quite strongly against the guidance ranges we have provided. And when we have a more clear outlook for 2017 and beyond we would provide an update to that.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes, thanks, Akshay. This is Jeff and I will start with the question related to the sales number and then Jim is going to talk to the strategy piece. What we described for our anticipated sales for next year, for our full fiscal year, was in the $100 million range, but that’s for next year and the brand is growing at a nice clip. They clearly do have sales outside of the reported channels. I don’t have a precise quantification for you at this time in terms of the percentages. But clearly, that captures a good portion of them was been in the reported sales, but we should enjoy the growth next year.
Jeff Ettinger: So, we have the favorable announced capital addition last year that was going to enable us to have more ground turkey capabilities. We suspended that last year when the avian influenza outbreak occurred and now we haven’t turned that back on. So, it’s not head capacity change, but it does enable us to support what’s been a really nice growing franchise for us, the lean ground products.
Jeff Ettinger: Heather, we really don’t have any 2017 projections on either the top or bottom line at this point. But I would point out and we have talked in past presentations that, that ground turkey line is not a flash in the pan. I mean, that’s been a long-term strong superior CAGR deliverer vehicle for us. That was why we went ahead and made the investment in the capital. And we are comfortable that now that we can guarantee supply on a broad basis. And frankly, the Make The Switch campaign that Jim mentioned in his remarks, I mean, that’s the product line that’s featuring. So how easy that is to use in tacos and in burgers for consumers. And so we do think that will be part of the growth story for Jennie-O, but we won’t be able to give you a quantification of that until we have talked 2017 in November.
Jeff Ettinger: I mean, it’s in the 70% range. Frankly, it’s probably – it’s been in that range for a while. I think the bigger effort in recent years has been moving products even further up the value ladder. So, there is raw bacon, there is flavored bacon, there is microwavable bacon, now we have Bacon 1 for our foodservice group. And each case provide an added element of convenience or unique flavors that also enable us to obtain a better margin return for our efforts in creating those products.
Jeff Ettinger: I mean, the back half will – should trend a little bit lower than what the first half was on an operating margin basis, but still very strong versus historical averages for the group.
Jeff Ettinger: So, on your first question, I mean, realistically, we were probably a couple of years away from having to address adequate meat supplies before the AI hit. And of course, that’s put us in a completely different mode for the past year and the team has done just a great job of surviving through that and positioning the brand well. So, that will come again in the future, where at some point we would have to assess, okay, do we engage in a more expanded program of buying in meat or do we look for further capacity capabilities of our own? And we will cross that bridge as that heads forward. On your second question, I mean, we did make an assessment of that. At this point, we have chosen to redouble our efforts within the region that we do operate to make sure that we are kind of on the front lines of understanding how disease issues like that might spread and what you can do to combat them. Ultimately, we feel we have a really nice position being within a 4-hour concentric circle of our operating plants and our production lines that allows for the maximum freshness of product. In general, absent last year’s AI outbreak, this is a very favorable grain market with positive basis situation in most cases. And so overall, we like our position of being where we are. But clearly, if we were starting to have repeated incidents, we might have to reassess that at some point.
Jeff Ettinger: This is Jeff. What we mentioned was that the business is performing consistently with the kind of earnings guidance projection that we provided on the business early on. We are looking forward to having that additional supply available and being able to start seeing the sales successes and the team placing items then that utilize that supply. But overall, I mean, the Applegate brand still is connecting very well with the consumer that we are seeking to partner with, with that kind of a brand and we are very pleased with where Applegate sits today.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I mean, I don’t have the precise volume for you, but definitely, when it comes to on a net sales basis, it will be solidly double-digit for both of the upcoming quarters.
Jeff Ettinger: And then on Justin’s we did provide that for our first full year operating the business, we are looking at $0.01 a share. And clearly, the business with the double-digit growth expectations and what we think is going to be an ability to attain synergies that we think we will be able to move up from there over time.
Jim Snee: Yes, hi, Farha. Good morning. This is Jim. As we look into the future with our more normalized levels of production, obviously, the team is working hard to regain the distribution that was lost while supply was gone. And clearly, they were able to take advantage of some higher margins during that time. But as we look to the future, we would expect through – because of a couple of reasons. I mean, because of market conditions, but then also now that we are going to be able or have to sell all of the parts and not be able to take advantage of specific mix opportunities that our margins will return to the more normalized ranges, the guidance that we have provided. And I think we will start to see that in the back half of this year and into next year.
Jim Snee: And then Akshay, in terms of the strategy of the brand, we have had a lot of success since the acquisition of the Skippy brand. We have been able to obviously gain share, drive innovation, but also a lot of the research that we have done around the brand tells us that it’s not extendable into the space where Justin plays today. And so Justin’s affords us that opportunity to really be more complementary to the Skippy brand in a category that’s a rapidly growing category. We know that it attracts a younger, more health conscious on-the-go millennial consumer. And the growth that the business has seen over the last several years, clearly, we are earlier on the growth curve than we have been with some other acquisitions, which we are quite frankly excited about.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Mario. This is Jim. The biggest issue that we faced is we finally have felt the impact of the strong dollar in some of our export markets. It’s not something that we have talked about in previous calls. But that really did impact both Skippy and Spam. There have been other supply issues that impacted our fresh pork business in terms of EU pork now flooding the Asian markets. So, it’s really been a combination of things. But obviously, we have seen moderation in the strength of the dollar. We feel like we are positioned in terms of our branding, our advertising, our pricing that the second half will shape up to be a much better half on a comparable basis versus 2015.
Jim Snee: Sure. They have actually done a great job of building the brand and building the business since 2004 with a network of coal manufacturers. And our team is very comfortable with that approach. And as we think about where synergies will come from having already worked with them on due diligence, we believe supply chain, finance, R&D, there is a number of opportunities to gain synergies and really leverage the capabilities of our organization. And as I mentioned in my comments, we do plan to still run the business out of Boulder, Colorado.
Jim Snee: And then Rob on your second – to your second question, I mean, our expectation is, as the production level returns to normal at Jennie-O Turkey Store that these margins will fall in line with our normalized margin range. And it is – it’s a combination of now that supply is back, we have seen some break in markets that we were able to capitalize on. And then clearly, the mix where we were perhaps being opportunistic in some of our buys, now we are going to have the supply of the birds and it’s going to be our responsibility to make sure that we are clearing all of that volume, which changes the margin structure of the business slightly. So, we really do expect that it will be more normalized range as we head into the future.
Jim Snee: And as we think about opportunities in the future for foodservice, I mean, clearly, we are working on making sure that we regain the space with the retail business first. And then as supply opportunities present themselves over time, certainly, foodservice would be an opportunity.
Jim Snee: And then Rob, on the volume question, couple of the categories that were impacted we have got some what we would consider to be more commodity deli business that is more of an intentional decline, if you will and we are okay with that. The second category that has become very competitive is the bacon category. And over the last several years, our team has done a great job really driving our share, really developing our brand. And most recently, we are facing some competitive activity. And so we did see some short-term declines, but we remain very confident in the category and our ability to continue to drive our share and brand over time.
Jody Feragen: Sure. I will take that one, Akshay. Yes, you are right, pork operating margins for May have been down about 40% from the averages in April and that’s probably a little bit faster decline than we originally anticipated. But as we have stated on our first quarter call, we really do expect pork operating margins to be higher for the full year because of the strong start we have had in the first half, but moderating in the back half. So predicting exactly where that’s going to go is not an easy task as you know.
Jody Feragen: Okay. I think I may have misled you by saying this down 40%. That was just the average so far in May versus the average in April. So, that was a sequential. You are absolutely right, we do expect pork operating margins to be above last year’s in the back half of the year and somewhat higher than the historical averages.
Jody Feragen: So Akshay, as a reminder, our annualized sales for the divested portion of Diamond Crystal Brands was estimated around $260 million. And we have never given guidance for subdivisions of our segments. But I think the comment that our $1.56 to $1.60 outlook for the full year includes not having the benefit of Diamond Crystal in the back half of the year as well as a slightly negative impact from Justin’s and that’s mostly driven because we will have transaction costs that we recognize currently as well as an estimated step up in some fair value of the inventory. So, the $1.56 to $1.60 is all-in.
Jody Feragen: So I will take the tax benefit. That’s just a reflection of the purchase price. It has no P&L impact going forward. So, we will get the benefit from a tax perspective, but it will not impact us on the P&L. But if you think about what we paid for the business, I would look at it as the $276 million – $286 million less the $70 million tax shield to get to kind of the price though, but no P&L impact and that’s a cash flow that’s generated over the next 10 to 15 years.
Jody Feragen: I would d like to follow-up on a response we gave earlier too about the volumes in Refrigerated Foods. Without Applegate, they were slightly positive. So, tonnage was up for the quarter in Refrigerated, under 1%, but up.
Jody Feragen: So, we have had some – and I think you said free cash flow, so that includes stepped up capital expenditure base as well as we bring turkeys back into the barn. Remember, those animals are gone inventory the minute they are in egg, so those will be the two biggest drivers.
Jody Feragen: So, thanks everyone for participating on the call today. And this is Jana Haynes last call as Director of Investor Relations. And we would like to thank her for her leadership of the Investor Relations function and wish her well in her new position as Vice President and Controller. And at the same time, we welcome Nathan Annis as the new Director of Investor Relations and look forward to working with him. Have a great day.
