Jim Snee: Yes. Q1 was a very strong performance for the company. And it really is -- what's so exciting for us is it was so broad-based. When we think about all the different areas, I mean, clearly, volume is a very positive story. We saw volume growth in each segment. When we think about retail and what's happening in the retail environment, we knew Turkey volumes were going to be positive. But even when we take that, that out and some of our other non-track businesses, retail volumes were up year-over-year. Foodservice had a very strong quarter. They continue to really perform in the marketplace. And so across all of the businesses, really, really great to see them have a successful and strong Q1. And the other thing that we've spent a lot of time talking about is our supply chain. And we've did see marked improvement in our supply chain in Q1. A year ago, we were talking about inventory and we've really been able to get that under our control. We've seen lower inventory volume and dollars which obviously has a positive impact when we think about distressed sales. The other piece that's really, really exciting for us is seeing what we're getting done on fill rates. And we talked about it in the prepared remarks that we've got the highest fill rate since 2020. And then obviously, there were some below-the-line favorability as well. But when we wrap it all up, I think the key takeaway here is, we're executing our strategy and we have confidence that the business will keep moving in the right direction throughout 2024.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think we tried to be pretty specific in regards to the risk that Turkey presents to us. We know that the whole bird outlook is worse and we've built in another nickle with -- most of that occurring in Q2. But the other part really is the consumer environment which we're watching very closely. As we think about our business, our shares are solid. We're making advertising investments to support the brands, driving some great innovation but we know that there are categories that are weak and we are watching those volumes. But we're doing all the right things to make sure that we're driving our shares and supporting the brands.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Ken. Thanks for asking it. But we do expect profit growth in all segments in the back half of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we're watching all those things, Ken. The other part, obviously, in Q1, is there were some weather-related events that also have an issue. But from where we sit and if you heard us say many, many times, as we do believe that we have working from such a advantaged position in our foodservice business. Because it's not just the restaurant and hotel business. Right? We have a significant non-commercial business as well. We've spent a lot of time talking about sea stores continue to grow and obviously, the acquisition and execution against the Planters brand helps us in that regard. But even in the more traditional restaurant business, we still feel like we're operating from a position of strength because of this differentiated value-added portfolio, the relationships that we've built over 30 years and really thinking about how can we help the operator take cost out of their system. And we do that through our direct selling organization. So yes, we're watching all those macro factors. We know they're real. But I think the way that we've diversified and balanced the business even within our Foodservice segment is what really helps set us apart.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Michael. And actually, the conversation does go back to what we said in Q4 and in our outlook for the year we had, specially mentioned some targeted pricing. But I think to go along with that which is really, really important is that we are investing in our brands and where we've invested higher advertising dollars to drive volume, to improve mix, we've got some great innovation that continues to be generated across many of the brands. And so it is -- it's broad-based pricing. Some of it's wrap around pricing. And just wanted to make sure that, that was clear that it wasn't new that we are going back to Q4 and I think what I'll do is maybe turn it over to Deanna to give you maybe some more specifics on what she's seeing in the retail environment.
Jim Snee: Yes. Michael, I mean, first of all, I want to apologize. I misspoke because I said that it was both targeted and broad-based pricing but it is very targeted pricing which Deanna corrected me on. So when we think about the turkey situation and the reason we are where we are with guidance is, it's early. And for all the factors that we've talked about from some of our earlier questions, obviously, foodservice is off to a great start. The Q1 performance demonstrates the business improvement. Our international team had a really strong first quarter and that exceeded our expectations. They've gotten back on track a little sooner than we thought. And so that's what's going to offset that additional headwind coming from the turkey market. But in regards to just overall guidance, the biggest thing is it's early.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean the way we're thinking about it right now, Tom, is it's -- we're looking at half 2 in totality. And so that's why we think we're going to -- we want to talk about it that way that we'll have profit growth in the back half. And really, what gives us that confidence is, foodservice continues its trajectory. Our international team continues to ramp up their performance. The retail team will continue to benefit. We've got, in addition to what Deanna talked about innovation, distribution, supply chain continues their strong performance. And then we haven't talked about it yet but we do expect to see our transformation and modernization initiative really accelerate as we go throughout the year.
Jim Snee: Yeah. I think, it's we're in the midst of that process right now, Tom. So it's hard to say at this point. When we think about Turkey, there's a couple of components that we really should spend a little bit more time on; there's this the value-added business. And when we think about retail lean ground turkey, that value-added business is doing really well and gaining share. Our foodservice team, because we've got volumes back and supply back, they're doing a great job regaining lost business due to that lack of supply in the foodservice channel. And so really, what we're talking about is the decline in the market which obviously we are applying to what our estimates are in the whole bird turkey business for the rest of the year. And so that's how we're thinking about it to actually know how it's going to shake out from now through the end of the year is still TBD.
Jim Snee: Yes, Ben, as we think about the impact of raw materials in the quarter, I mean, it was largely in line with what we expected. And the thing that we've talked about often is it's not necessarily a point in time for a market. It's the volatility and how each of those cuts are reacting. So I think the biggest thing to know is that the commodity markets really didn't have a dramatic impact in our ability to have such a strong quarter this year or this first quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes. I'll go ahead and start on just the broader organization. I think we spend a lot of time on retail but I do think it's important to think about the total company volume growth. And international, again, had a really strong first quarter earlier than we expected but we expect them to show volume growth. Our foodservice business continues to be healthy that will be a strong contributor to the total company volume performance. But I'll let maybe Deanna address the retail question specifically.
Jim Snee: It's fair to say some of it will spill over into Q2. But in addition, we'll have the $0.05 to what Jacinth described as the majority of that $0.05 in Q2.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, I think, the key takeaway here is the foodservice business continues to operate from a very advantaged position. And really strong Q1 and we expect that business to continue through -- continuous trajectory throughout the year which a big part of that is the volume growth that we expect in the back half of the business from it as well. So there was the January slowdown which really is just weather driven. We see the weather impacting the business and then, of course, some of the post-holiday doldrums. But the business continues to perform really well and we expect it to continue its trajectory in the back half of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Okay. So Adam, I guess on the Turkey question with volume, what we were saying is that we had expected Turkey volumes to grow which they did. But then, we also saw growth in underlying volumes in our broad-based value-added businesses. So that's how we're thinking about that. And then really for foodservice volume growth, we expect that to be in the mid-single-digit range.
Jim Snee: Well, there's a lot there, Adam. I think from our perspective, I think, there's 2 things. I want to go back to the reason we reaffirmed our guidance is it's early. But I think the second part in terms of -- as you think about trying to parse all of that apart, I know you'll have a follow-up call with David and that's probably a really good time to walk through all those different parts.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. We're really pleased by our overall performance in the strong first quarter that we were able to deliver. This is a result of a total team effort and I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our teams. It's early. We know we have a lot of work to do to deliver the numbers we want to deliver for the balance of the year. But as I said earlier, we are executing our strategy and we have confidence that the business will keep moving in the right direction throughout 2024. Thank you, everyone.
Deanna Brady: Just to clarify, it really is very targeted pricing and a few key categories where beef is the main driver. So we've lagged in pricing in some of our grocery items relative to where beef has moved, we've taken some target pricing. With that in mind, though, we've been able to shift dollars from advertising to ensure that, that we're talking to the consumer about the products, the value and the role they play in their lives, particularly for lunch and dinner is really great options. So we've been able to pivot and turn on advertising. And in those categories like [indiscernible]; the ROI on advertising is extremely high. And so it's a really important strategy for us. We're also looking at promotions and thinking about with these different pricing on shelf adjusting our promotional strategy and thinking about depth and frequency of promotion to really get the right price for the consumer to stay in the category with us.
Deanna Brady: Sure. Thanks, Ben. In the first quarter, we saw really nice volume growth across many of our flagship and rising brands. When you think about Bacon, you think about Pepperoni, you think about Applegate and our MegaMex portfolio, so nice volume both in shipments as well as takeaway at the shelf. Those are also a lot of the categories where we've invested capacity. And so we've got a good runway for growth when you think about Bacon and Pepperoni as examples. Planters had a particularly strong quarter as well as Skippy. And we continue -- we see those all those businesses I just mentioned continuing to grow throughout the year. And then, Jim mentioned Jennie-O Turkey on shelf is doing exceptionally well when you think of the value that turkey offers, the health benefits, we're working really hard to make sure that our consumers understand the value that turkey plays in their diet in particular and the health values there. And then, under our new go-forward structure, we're able to bring our brands together that really can be impactful to help consumers put dinner on the table. So you think of Jennie-O lean ground turkey, coupled with our protein Portfolio as we head into the next quarter with Cinco de Mayo and you'll see a lot of in-store activation of those brands working really hard together.
Deanna Brady: The plan for the rest of the year is a year-over-year increase in advertising. You'll see that advertising really pushed under our new structure towards the flagship and rising brands. That's working exceptionally well for us and we're seeing extremely strong return on investments. We have also moved to an always-on strategy, in particular, with Planters and that's working really hard as well. In addition to advertising to drive growth, we've got the most robust innovation pipeline and execution plan across a variety of our categories as we head into the year. And then, we finally are thinking about promotional activity as well and really monitoring how promotions are working and we are seeing a difference from how they've worked for the last few years as well as thinking about relative to pre-COVID time frames but really being intentional to ensure that we're getting the right promoted prices to help drive growth and keep consumers in our categories and with our brands.
Jacinth Smiley: So we will utilize our cash on a combination of our cash on hand and also going out to -- with new debt issuance to pay down the full $950 million.
Jacinth Smiley: So the way we are thinking about it for the rest of the year, certainly, it's going to impact all the rest of the quarters going through the year. But we're thinking about the most of that impact coming in the second quarter and then the rest spread out. So if we think about the additional $0.05 that we talked about, so coming into the year -- last year, we talked about $0.10 impact as we updated and looked at the impact this year, we think there's going to be an additional $0.05 and the additional $0.05 is going to be spread out with the most of that $0.05 coming in the second.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. There is certainly some of it that happened in the first quarter, for sure, Peter. But it's a little bit minimal.
