Jim Snee: Thanks, Ben. Obviously, this is a high priority for the Jennie-O Turkey Store team going forward. But they've been working over, really, the last month or so to implement pricing. And while they're not entirely done, I would tell you that there's been a lot of success in terms of getting pricing through. Obviously, the rationale that we have in terms of what's happened in the grain market supports - very strong underlying support. So the team has done a nice job there. And as we go forward, the idea of elasticity with pricing is something that has been difficult to measure given the pandemic. What we do know is we've continued to see exceptional demand for the Jennie-O Turkey Store retail products. So we remain very optimistic on the success that this business can have for the balance of the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. Ben, I'll go ahead and start on the freight costs, and I'll let Jim finish with Project Orion. But one of the things that we have been challenged with is our supply chain has battled over last year and early this year is that we've had a number of inefficiencies in terms of how we're - how we've been able to ship trucks. And so because of that, we've had some higher freight costs and haven't had the opportunity to optimize our loads like we typically do. So we have seen some higher freight costs. And while there are expectations that freight rates will increase, we see a pretty significant opportunity for us to be able to offset a good portion of those as our supply chain continues to pick up momentum and we're able to fill trucks in a more optimized manner. So yes, there'll be some flip freight inflation. But again, we think there's going to be a really good opportunity for us to offset that with some internal efficiencies.
Jim Snee: Yes. Good morning, Erica. I'll go ahead and I'll take that one. I think the other thing that we talked about last week was the items that you just mentioned. I mean those were at the top of our list in the due diligence process. And our team did a phenomenal job, not just identifying those risks, but really putting together an action plan for when we do own the business, how we can offset that.  When we think about private label, when we across our existing categories, private label shares can range across the board. And right now, what we're seeing is the average center store range is about 20%. And the Planters brand, as they face private label, they're seeing about the same percentage of private label. And again, that's across the board, there's different subcategories. So the idea of a private label being a risk, a threat, a competitor, not new to us at all. So obviously, we're prepared to manage our business accordingly.  From a gross margin perspective, I think what we had talked about last week was probably a little lower down in terms of profitability. But without giving too many specifics, it's safe to say that Planters' gross margins are - they're well above our total company average, and they're also above our Grocery Products average.  And then the other thing, just in terms of the category, we know how to manage brands. We've said that multiple times. And so when we think about commodities and pricing and price elasticities, this brand is very similar to all of our other large brands. So yes, not new to us. We know how to manage it. And when you roll all those things up, from our perspective, this business is not a commodity business. I would go so far to say, again, from our perspective, we know a commodity business when we see one. And this is not a commodity business. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Jim Snee: Sure. I think that there's going to be a lot of puts and takes across the entire portfolio for the balance of the year. We know in the second quarter, we saw the significant run-up in Grocery Products. But we also saw the significant collapse of our foodservice business. And so - and then in Q4, if you recall, we talked about the difficulties we were having in our supply chain and meeting the absolute demand that we are getting from our customers.  So there's a lot of give and take for the remaining three quarters. As we've laid out the business with our business units and reviewed how we think the business is going to flow and it’s their optimism that obviously fuels my optimism, and also the results that we are seeking the supply chain. And all of this do not discount the impact of supply chain and allowing us to achieve our goal this. So - they run so much better its really made a difference in our business. So all those things together Eric has really what has allowed us to reinstate our guidance and become increasingly optimistic about the business for the balance of the year.
Jim Snee: Well, I'll take the first part. And I'll let the CFO take the numbers part Ken. You know the biggest constraints that we saw, and we talked about this in Q4 was really in our in our grocery products business. You know, spam at the time was one that was capacity constrained. We knew that we had a capacity expansion that we were in the process of, and we saw that capacity come online in few one, and that's really helped our spam business. But we call our general canning business which would Chilly, Stew, Hash. You know that is one where we most recently identified co-packer opportunities. And we expect - we're still not in demand, but we expect that to continue to improve over the balance of the year.  I think we did talk about pepperoni in Q4 that we had a new line that was getting up to speed. And that has done just that and that's really afforded us the opportunity to expand both our retail and foodservice pepperoni business. So, you know, as we look to the future, you know, part of the optimism is - we are far less capacity constrained. You know, clearly we're not out of the woods. We've got to meet customer demand. But I think everything that we said we were going to do, and that we knew that we needed to do in Q4, as happened. Jim - I don't know from a cost perspective. 
Jim Snee: Well, I think as you've seen the growth in some categories, you see our ability that if we could fill that full demand. There would be some important improvements. I think - as I've talked about in - Grocery Products, I think, is a good benchmark, where we see growth in the back half of 2021 in Grocery Products strictly based on improvements in the supply chain.
Jim Snee: Yes. Eric, I mean, I don't know. And I wouldn't want to comment on, what some of our competitors might do. From our perspective, we feel really good about the work that we've done, leading into the pandemic, if you go back to some of the stumbles, we had. But then, the effort and the strategic focus on growing distribution in lean ground turkey, right before the pandemic hit, I believe that a lot of the success, we've had on the retail side is directly attributed to that expanded distribution that the team was able to achieve. In terms of what inventories look like, I mean, clearly, a lot of breast meat. Turkey breast meat is used in the foodservice industry. And so that collapse, has had a dramatic impact. And obviously, there are implications to that across the entire industry. What we have seen is continued strength in the retail business, some recent increase in our Jennie-O foodservice business. And so we believe, that there's a lot to be positive about with our Jennie-O Turkey Store business heading forward.
Jim Snee: Yes. And Peter, I mean, we remain very confident in our ability to price. Already this year, we've taken price on SKIPPY. We talked about the Jennie-O Turkey Store pricing. We've had bacon pricing Columbus, and really our total deli business has taken pricing as well. So as we obviously follow the inflationary factors and see what's happening in the business, we feel very confident in our ability to price.
Jim Snee: Yes. Peter, I would say that no, there really hasn't been any retailer inventory rebuild. And I say that just based on the demand we're seeing and our ability to fill that demand. And so I do think it - obviously, there's still very strong consumer demand. But then it also speaks to the fact that at some point, we are going to have the opportunity to fill the pipeline as well.
Jim Snee: Sure. The best way to think about it is, it has no impact on the company's results because whatever gain or losses accrue in interest income are offset by gains and losses in corporate unallocated. So it has no impact on my P&L.
Jim Snee: Yes. Rob, I'll go ahead and start. I mean, from a foodservice perspective, I mean, it is your more traditional restaurants, fast-casual pizzerias that we mentioned, QSRs, where we're seeing strength in the business. We haven't seen a pickup in some of the travel venues in terms of hotels. But as we've seen the business continue to improve towards the end of the first quarter into the second quarter, really some of our best weeks since the pandemic began. So we had also seen some increased business. It would have been probably end of October, early November before the second wave began. So we know that it's not new and that the trends are real, and we believe that we're going to be able to sustain this going forward. And then the pepperoni business has really been ongoing throughout the pandemic because that is an area that really never slowed down. Any slowdown for us was just capacity-driven, which now we have our new line up to speed, and we're meeting those expectations.
Jim Snee: Yes. Yes, I mean, it's the branded products that are - that have a high demand internationally that is driving the better mix.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the positive for Refrigerated Foods, obviously, are the strength in the foodservice recovery. And so if we expect to continue on the path we're on, that will be a very positive impact. Refrigerated Foods also gets hit the hardest in - with COVID costs. And so as we see COVID costs hopefully mitigate over the balance of the year that will continue to be - or have a positive impact on Refrigerated Foods as well.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, this week was a difficult week for a lot of people. We saw a large spike in spot prices for natural gas. We made some quick decisions to mitigate the increase. And then the other thing is not all of our locations are impacted. So, any of the impact, Michael, is really short-term and nothing that's going to have a broad-based, longer-term impact on the business.
Jim Snee: Well, without Sandler's - and obviously, Sadler's is not a large sales volume business, but it's still up without Sadler's. So, on an organic basis, our sales are up.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the most difficult part, Ben, is really just making sure that we secure the containers for that business. And so that's really been the focus of our team. When we talk about overall freight, we talked about low single-digits. I mean that's inclusive of International. So that's our total company per view of how we're thinking about freight.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a great question, Sarah. I mean, it really is as long as there aren't significant downturns in any of the channels. I mean, you might expect some softness as one picks up, it's going to have an offsetting impact to another. But we believe that our foodservice business is really going to be the key driver for us for the balance of the year. And so, what that recovery actually looks like, I think is going to play a large part in where we fall in the range. But we also do expect to see our retail business, whether it's Grocery Products or our Refrigerated Foods retail businesses, still provide some growth. So as I said, I think the biggest thing for us is what happens with foodservice. We do believe it's going to recover. It's going to improve. The rate and the scale at which that happens is really going to have a big impact on that outlook.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, great questions, Ken. Yes, that pricing is to cover the current environment. And then no, none of the performance at Jennie-O would have been by it.
Jim Snee: I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. As we discussed, there is a lot of momentum across all parts of our business. We also know there is work to do to deliver our sales and earnings guidance this year. But we also know that we have the right people, the right portfolio to deliver the results that we need. Thanks again for joining us. Stay warm and stay safe.
Jim Sheehan: So Ben, just to give you some type of scope. Cornmeal is up you some type of scope. Corn Nuts up about 40%, while soybean meal was up about 15%. Now we have a significant position. It's less than half of our corn hedged at a lower price than the current markets. And we have the ability to change the formula. So as you can imagine, we're moving the formula to more of a soybean meal-based formula away from corn. That will offset a portion of the cost. So really there's multiple approaches we've taken to mitigate the risk around these increases. Jim talked about a very effective approach on price increases, along with the shifting of the feed formula and the positions that we've taken. And we took these positions probably six - more than six months ago.
Jim Sheehan: Ben, I'll talk a little bit about your second portion of your question, and that's how Project Orion will benefit us in this area. First of all, we have visibility across all of the businesses under one platform. And that's given us great insight as to where our costs are coming from and how we can manage those costs from a purchasing aspect, the - having all purchasing done under one platform, giving visibility into the costs. The other thing is that on freight, we're able to do some significant analysis as to where we can provide benefits on freight and how we can improve our load levels, what our load levels are actually running across our business organizations. So it is providing a significant benefit as we go through. And it's very timely as we're hitting probably a bit of a period of inflation going forward to understand what our actual costs are and what levers we can pull to manage those costs.
Jim Sheehan: The last half of 2020 was, as Jim said, tremendously impacted by supply chain challenges. So as we look at it from a financial standpoint, the first area that we should talk about is foodservice. We've seen some very interesting trends in the last, let's say, few weeks on foodservice. And we have idle capacity in foodservice. So we have no problem filling that foodservice need. So any growth in the foodservice category is unrestrained and a great opportunity for us is that business. So we're confident it's going to continue to improve. In the Grocery Products category, we talked about a tremendous Q2 that we had. But Q3 and Q4, I think it's safe to say were crippled by supply chain challenges that really are not existing anymore. The availability of labor is much better than it was last year. And so that's going to be able to allow us to grow Grocery Products in the back half of the year. Jim talked about Refrigerated Foods, how we've had some constraints in the pepperoni business. And that we have additional capacity that's come online there, and we're doing a very nice job of recovering the pepperoni business and actually seeing some very significant growth in pepperoni in the foodservice. So I think it's hard to underestimate how much of an impact the constraint had in 2020 and the opportunity that we have in 2021. And one of the other things that we haven't talked a lot about is that during this time of constraint, we've found some very significant efficiencies in our operations that have helped us produce product even in a difficult time period. Now as we increase it, we'll be able to take those efficiencies and actually drive cost issues and efficiency issues throughout the operations.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. And Ken, I would just add, I mean, the other factor that's unknown at this point are really the channel dynamics. And so, as perhaps retail - as people are looking to get away from home and eat out, as Jim mentioned, our foodservice capacity is ready, willing and able to meet that demand. So I think that's going to be an even more important part of our story as we get to the back half of 2021 and into 2022 as we see foodservice recovery continue.
Jim Sheehan: It's a blended rate of the debt, including the $1 billion that I took out in June of last year. And for instance, we'll be retiring $250 million worth of debt in April that has a 4.25% rate. So if you think about that interest in the current interest rates, we'll be retiring some reasonably high level interest rate debt and replacing it with much lower interest rate.
Jim Sheehan: Eric, the item that I would add would be, that we've been looking at the fundamentals in this industry for a long time and reminding others that, that's probably the best indication of where the business is going. We've seen decreases in pork placements for several months now. But in January, egg placements are down 9% and pork placements were down 12%. I think that's a strong indication of where the industry is going from a capacity standpoint.
Jim Sheehan: Well, I think the first issue, Peter, is part of this is going to depend on the recovery in foodservice. So if you take the bellies, bellies are up 1.95 right now. They have been running in the one - mid-1.30 range. I think that's an indication that there is some recovery in the foodservice, that there is an expectation that, that demand is going to pick up. We expect these - these prices for the full year to run in the mid-1.40s, somewhere in that range, which is above last year's levels. One of the other things that you're seeing, though, is that you're going to have some probably pressure taken off of certain markets. Trim markets are in the 90s right now, and I still think that's a component of the fact that there's not enough labor to do the boning. As labor returns into these facilities, those prices are going to go down. That's just a labor issue. So we think the bellies are going to be volatile as we go through. And demand is going to have - be impacted by the foodservice recovery.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. It's a great question, Tom. And it is - it's one big project that we've gone ahead and pushed back later in the year, and we expect the majority of that expense to fall into next year. So it's not a cancellation. It's not a need for additional capital. It's just a delay in a project that we will still complete.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. You're exactly right, Tom, that the second quarter is going to be the biggest challenge for Jennie-O as they absorb the cost. But as you know, when you bring pricing on, there's a ramp-up period and a wait period for that pricing to be effective. So that will have an impact in Q2, and it will slightly impact what we talked about previously as far as margins but not significantly, but it will have a minor impact on my expectations for Jennie-O.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Rob. Regarding our International business, it is a broad-based improvement in our business. There isn't an area of this business that hasn't improved, and it's certainly not a result of pricing. It's better results in our - our operations in Brazil and in China. It's more profitability within our exports, both branded and fresh pork. So it's an improved mix, but it's really no - I mean pricing isn't the driver here. This is just a broad-based improvement in business internationally in all aspects of International.
