James Snee: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning to all of you. Looking ahead to fiscal 2016, we expect renewed revenue growth as the year proceeds. Grocery Products should benefit from improved pork and beef input costs this year especially as compared to the first half of 2015. Along with positive sales trends for our key product lines including WHOLLY GUACAMOLE dips, SKIPPY peanut butter, and our SPAM family of products, we have made significant improvements in manufacturing efficiencies over this past year, giving us the confidence to raise our long-term Grocery Products segment operating margin guidance from 12% to 14% up to the 13% to 15% range going forward. Our value-added businesses and Refrigerated Foods should benefit from favorable raw material costs and the segment is positioned to start the year with strong earnings momentum. We expect modestly lower pork operating margins and hog prices in 2016, and plan to increase pork production by 1% to 2% over fiscal 2015. While Refrigerated Foods clearly benefited from favorable market conditions in 2015 our team has also made significant progress in their efforts to improve product mix and drive sustainable margin improvements. Given these advancements, we are increasing our long-term segment profit margin range from 5% to 8% up to 7% to 10% going forward. We look for Jennie-O Turkey Store to return to growth in the back half of the year if there are no significant recurrences of highly pathogenic avian influenza. Volumes will remain constrained in the early part of the year as we continue to rebuild our system after significant bird losses last spring. In addition to lower volumes, Jennie-O Turkey Store is also facing difficult comparisons to fiscal 2015's strong first half performance. We expect turkey breast meat prices to remain elevated until the industry can see the impact of the spring bird migration. Lower grain input costs will be a tailwind in 2016. In terms of long-term segment profit margin guidance, we are modestly tightening our guidance range for Jennie-O Turkey Store previously at 13% to 17% narrowed to 14% to 17%. We expect the Specialty Foods segment to deliver increases through the growth of our MUSCLE MILK protein nutrition products. Protein nutrition products remain on trend and promising new products in our innovation pipeline for this category should continue to drive success. Our long-term segment margin guidance for Specialty Foods remains at 8% to 11%. Though we are encouraged to see their upward migration within this range, the range does include contributions from the Diamond Crystal Brands business. If a sale occurs, we will provide an updated guidance range for this segment. We look for the International segment to achieve year-over-year improved results through increased sales of our SPAM luncheon meat and SKIPPY peanut butter products along with expansion of our China business. We are maintaining our long-term International segment margin guidance at 14% to 17%. From a total Company perspective, in light of the improved ranges mentioned, we are increasing our operating profit margins range from 9% to 12% to a new range of 10% to 13% reflecting our current business structure, product mix, and typical market volatility. Deporting our brands remains the top focus for us. In 2016, we are planning a double-digit increase in advertising support over the prior year. We will focus advertising dollars on REV's snack Wraps HORMEL GATHERINGS party trays, HORMEL pepperoni, our SPAM family of products, SKIPPY peanut butter, MUSCLE MILK protein rich products, and in the back half of the year, we expect to reignite our Jennie-O Make The Switch campaign. The MegaMex joint venture will also continue to provide significant marketing support to the wholly and [Herdez] brands of Mexican food products. We also plan to reinvest in our business through higher capital investments in fiscal 2016. We expect to complete the construction of our new plant in [Zhanjiang], China and start production there by the end of 2016. Here in the U.S., we intend to increase capacity for our HORMEL bacon products and Jennie-O fresh turkey tray pack items. Additionally, we plan to expand our research and development capabilities through the construction of a newest new facility to support our team's constant focus on food safety, quality, and innovation. After taking these significant factors into account, we've established our fiscal 2016 earnings guidance range at $2.85 to $2.95 per share. At this time, I will turn the call over at Jody Feragen to discuss the financial information relating to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2015.
James Snee: Good morning, Patrick, this is Jim. Last year 2015 was a struggle with the pork exports especially in our International business. One of the bigger contributing factors was when Russia banned the imports from the European Union that supply had to go somewhere and it did find its way into the Asian market in general at similar favorable currency rates, and so more supply, favorable rates really were almost a perfect storm against us last year. Certainly the opening up of the China market and the approval of our plants, while we don't export pork directly into the China markets because of their ractopamine or lack of ractopamine requirement, what we do think it'll do though is really maybe redistribute the supply of the available product. And so as we're looking into 2016 for our pork exports in the International business specifically, we think sometime in the second quarter, the back half of the year, we'll be able to return to more normalized levels of our export business which is still a very important part to our overall International business.
James Snee: Thanks Diane and this is Jim. Our business in China really has been performing exceptionally well here over the last couple of years. That team is really hit their strides. In terms of needed capacity, the sooner we complete this plant the better offer going to be. We are expecting the plant to be completed in the fall of 2016, so if we think about the September timeframe, and as a reminder that plant will be a combination of Refrigerated meats and also our in-country SPAM production as you mentioned. So that plant in the capacity that's going to be made available to our business in China. It's really going to keep us on the path of sustained growth that we've been able to deliver here the last couple of years. Business is very well developed both in the retail and foodservice channels, not only on the meat side, but with our SKIPPY business, and so as we think about it going forward we're exceptionally well-positioned to continue to grow the business in me instantly and were very excited about the synergies that will get within country production a stamina and being able to leverage them against what we've learned through the SKIPPY business. And so as we think about it going forward we're exceptionally well-positioned to continue to grow that business in meats and SKIPPY and we're very excited about the synergies that we'll get with the in-country production of SPAM and being able to leverage them against what we've learned through this SKIPPY acquisition integration, so lots of the letter great things coming out of China.
James Snee: In the aggregate we came up with as many whole birds as we could for this year given the shortages we were fronted with and allocated them out on a national basis. In terms of your question about pricing in general and the guidance, fourth quarter is traditionally our strongest quarter, most favorable feed conversions and so forth in your birds. You do have the added bump if you will of the Thanksgiving sales rolling through. We know we're going to be short product again in Q1. We're certainly going to try to perform as strong as we can. We're going to be comparing against a very robust performance by Jennie-O Turkey Store in Q1 and Q2 in fiscal 2015. So we're comfortable that Jennie-O will be a solid contributor to the guidance range that we've provided you on an aggregate basis with most of it coming in the second half of the year.
James Snee: It kind of runs the game, Robert. In some cases you're dealing with product shortages. In a significant enough shortage position, you may end up having a raise of price of what you have left. There are other aspects or other portfolio that you are on more of a contract basis or on a committed basis, so it's just kind of ends up blending out to the position you're seeing. Clearly there have been a steep increase in the commodity turkey pricing, but I think as we've talked about in the past, even in years and we're not sure of turkeys, we're not really a net seller of breast meat at commodity meat markets, and so these very lofty $4 and $5 rates that you're seeing on the commodity breast side that's not something we're able to enjoy in our sales. 
Jeffrey Ettinger: Thanks, Adam, this is Jeff. So in terms of the current quarter, on the Grocery Products side, what we feel we're seeing is a return to normalized margins in terms of some of the raw material inputs coupled with some systemic changes in our overall operations environment, while we feel we have added efficiencies that will stick and we attribute that to the strong quarter they just generated and also that was why we have now increased that earnings guidance range by 1% on either end for the Grocery Products group.  In the case of Jennie-O Turkey Store, you'll recall we provided our best shot at what our second half adjusted guidance range would be in light of avian influenza and it pulled the range down to the 10% to 12% range. We certainly did see better returns in that in the fourth quarter on the aggregate for the half that turned out to be closer to 14%. They were able to do better on some of the dark meat-based items than we originally anticipated and they did a nice job of obtaining as much efficiency as possible in their operations.  In the case of Jennie-O Turkey Store, you will see, we really are not changing the upper end of the guidance range, but we did tighten up the bottom end like partially to their success and being able to achieve what they did this quarter.  The only other thing I guess I would add in terms of the long-term target ranges is clearly the Refrigerated Foods group with their performance this year broke out of the previous range and we were at a 5% to 8% range and they exceeded 9% this year. We have confidence in that business unit’s ability to maintain margins and grow them over time from that level, and hence we've raised that guidance range to the 7% to 10% range.  Specialty Foods have seen improvement within the range as Jim indicated in his comments, but the overall results for the year are still within the guidance range we had previously provided, so we're leaving that unchanged especially with the DCB issue still lurking out there.  Overall, what we felt it added up to was a 100 basis points change in the total Company margins and so we're looking at now 10% to 13% as being what we think we can look at going forward versus the 9% to 12% we had previously provided.
Jeffrey Ettinger: It's been a strong performance all the way around and we think it's a sustainable progress with these brands. Bacon is clearly a shining spot for that group both on the meat products and foodservice side. While both of those value-added units had excellent results beyond just the bacon franchise as we mentioned some of the brands that did well in the release, pepperoni and party trays and entrees for the Refrigerated Foods retail group and then on the foodservice side pizza toppings and Fire Braised meats and other items. The affiliated part of Refrigerated Foods which is our Farmer John, Burke, and Dan's Prize operations, all had excellent years and contributed nicely to the results and they too as I mentioned with Grocery we've tried to attain some long-term efficiencies Refrigerated Foods certainly has not been quiet in that respect also. And so it all really adds up to that new level that they are now able to attain.
Jeffrey Ettinger: What we're seeing in terms of the supply challenges, fortunately it's been a benign fall thus far and there is obviously close watch even in terms a wild bird testing to make sure that we're not encountering the renewed presence of high pathogen avian influenza and kind of knock on wood thus far, we've not seen that. We were able to completely refill our barns, but as we talked about before, the primary turkey for most of our value-added items is our tom turkeys. It's a 22-week market cycle and so we will not been fully back to normalized volumes throughout the earliest of second quarter of fiscal 2016. That being said, the team has done the best job they can with making sure that we have the product allocated fairly among our customers in terms of what is available. And then ultimately as Jim indicated, if everything continues to go well and we don't have any further outbreaks, we should be in a position by second half of next year to renew our successful Make The Switch advertising campaign and restimulate growth for Jennie-O Turkey Store brand.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, Heather. Let me I guess make sure we're on the same page in terms of the verticality of the Jennie-O operation. We don't actually engage in the breeder stock, we do have our own hatcheries, so we do have a direct egg source. Our egg experience from what we're seeing in the industry maybe a little bit better than the overall industry number, but that's as close as I can get to being able to compare ours to others. In terms of that the second half outlook, we've frankly been the leader when it comes to branded value-added products for some time. I mean we're the one that's advertising. We're a local company that creates innovative new products. We have a dedicated team that focuses on the sale those items into multiple channels, and so definitely if we have the supply in place, that team is primed and ready to renew our momentum of growing the value-added businesses indeed. I mean before this thing hit in the first half of this year, all three of our groups the Retail deli and Foodservice at Jennie-O Turkey Store, their value-added sales were all up double-digit, so they were really on a roll here and we would expect during the second half of this year, if we have the meat supplies available and can turn the advertising back on to renew that kind of growth.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, Mario, this is Jeff. Our business is the hybrid business between the store grocery channel and in the protein base channels, and I guess the way we assess it is yes on the protein side when you have meat coming at you in the system, you should anticipate frankly a full extra week, you'll have full cost and frankly should deliver full margins. When it comes to the Grocery side of the business which impacts not only our Grocery product segment, but also our international piece is significantly Grocery base. Our experience in the past has been, non-buying programs or those types of items, you really don't get a whole extra week. A lot of them are on monthly programs and so forth and so we're just trying to provide the guidance based on what our best experience has been. I would say though there is a certain element of reinvestment going on. We've have [stuffing] up ad spend on an annualized basis, and this current plan no exception to that. We have a number of brands that we're excited about that we think we can continue to build momentum in the marketplaces, so there is a little bit of element in general of us making sure we're reinvesting in our brands.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I mean first of all, when whole bird pricing, I mean it's a relatively small percentage of the overall results of the business and you're also dealing with something that's very retailer specific and retailer dependent. I mean it ranges from apparently you hadn't experience where the retailer was certainly seeking to attain some margins out of their whole turkey sales, all the way to kind of the more historical treatment. Frankly there is a lot of retailers usually there is a lot sweeter and so you'll see a price out there and you might think that's breathtakingly low sometimes, that's not necessarily what our value was into them. It's up to the retailer to decide how to price the product.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, thank you very much. I just want to conclude by saying that I'm proud of the excellent quarter and full year performance by our team as we achieved record earnings for a 10th straight quarter. It's an extraordinary experience of our employees throughout the Company and that's such a key factor to our ability to consistently deliver strong results for the Company. On behalf of this team, I want to wish all of you Happy Thanksgiving, and thank you for joining us today.
Jody Feragen: Sure. I guess everybody is pointing at me Farah. I have to take the pork's operating margin question. So certainly they were stronger than we expected in the fourth quarter and moving into the first quarter of 2016, they are pretty robust. I would expect as the year goes on that those will trend downward and we'll see modestly lower pork operating margins. Supply seems to be robust. Demand at this point in time is robust as well so that's basically what we factored into our business model going forward. Really this was the first quarter where we saw pork operating margins for Refrigerated business unit being a contributor to the year-over-year results and that's really been an improvement on their mix and the value-added products.
Jody Feragen: I'm not familiar with where your data is coming from, but one of the contributing factors could be the fact that the drop credits that are not included in the cutout have significantly declined from normalized type level, so that could be causing some of it -- those are credits or items that aren't traditionally sold in the U.S. or byproducts of the productive process.
Jody Feragen: So I don't think we specifically called out any profitability numbers on that business and we will provide you the appropriate guidance when we do have a transaction to talk about. From the sales perspective, it's about $250 million to $260 million, without a margin structure that's generally lower than the guided range that we have further Specialty Foods segment. We'll try to help you when we have something to talk about.
Jody Feragen: I would expect that, well in the fourth quarter we really had some higher employee related expenses as we took a look at all of our incentive programs and made adjustments there. We also had some higher legal expenses for some activity that was going on there. On a normalized level, I think he could look at possibly 5% increase over where we finish this full year. That ends up being a spot where lots of miscellaneous adjustments, so it's little harder to forecast. 
