James P. Snee: Farha, Jim Snee here. We do already purchase some meat on the outside, and we do have flexibility at times. But our production cycle is a relatively long production cycle. So the flexibility doesn't really allow you to capitalize on all of that opportunity. But certainly, our team is looking at that and watching those market dynamics and taking advantage of it as they can.
James P. Snee: Sure, Farha. We're very active on the M&A front. And like most quarters, we feel good about the pipeline we have. For us, the biggest issue continues to be getting it across the finish line. That's always the most difficult part. But as we think about what we are focused on, the need to become more global, businesses or items that afford us the opportunity to become more healthy, holistic, on-the-go, multicultural are all things that are squarely in our wheelhouse. And then we also, of course, are looking for those right opportunities that will add scale or support existing businesses with the idea that we want businesses that are margin accretive, that are one or two in the categories where they compete, and we want to make sure that we're bringing more than just a check that we really can add value to the business. But I think the important thing to understand is that Fred and his team are very active. The pipeline is full, and we'll continue to work hard in that area.
James P. Snee: Sure. So, Adam, as we put together our new guidance, on the JOTS side of the business, we do expect in Q2 to see similar decreases that we saw in the first quarter, and of course in half two, we're calling for mid-single digit declines for JOTS. We don't feel like we're being overly optimistic there, we are taking a realistic look at the business. We do expect stronger performance in Refrigerated Foods have very strong value-added sales, we expect that to continue. Specialty Foods group, the business and CytoSport which, of course, includes Muscle Milk, continues to perform well. So we are expecting stronger performance throughout the year. And then, Grocery Products have seen a lot of good sales momentum, we expect that to continue. International, same thing. So, we are expecting that those two business units will meet expectations. And then as we said, when we roll that all up, it's really – what we tout is our balanced business model that will offset some of those challenging market conditions for JOTS.
James P. Snee: Yeah. Adam, we did – that your number is right and for us what it is the seasonality in the business. And we learned through the rollout – our innovative SKIPPY PB bites items, that once you get past Halloween, there are some seasonality, downturn in the confectionary business. So, it wasn't totally unexpected. But we are on track for the $100 million and the $0.01 EPS accretion this year. So feel really good. I think at its core, the volume for Justin's year-over-year was up 20%. So the business is doing quite well.
James P. Snee: Good morning, Jeremy. Jim Snee. I don't know if we've ever said that ground beef wouldn't be a major challenge. They obviously have a very strong position. Our position has been that we've seen growth in ground turkey because it continues to be on trend for consumers. And we expect over time that we are going to see growth in the share. We're going to see growth in the category. Obviously, in any given quarter or any given year you run the risk of the supply cycle, and I think that's what's happened here. Obviously, from a pricing perspective, we've seen some discounts. The one thing that I would point out is that our tray pack volume was still very strong for the quarter. The tray pack volume was up 15%. And so that tells us that the product is on trend with consumers. But ground beef is certainly going to be a challenge for us as we continue, but we feel like we've got the right product connecting with the right consumers.
James P. Snee: As we looked at the rollup, Jeremy, we really feel like we've done a deep assessment of the business, and this is a realistic outlook for the business. We've got some good strong sales growth even in the first quarter in retail, foodservice, deli. But the fact is there is competition out there, and we understand that. We understand the market dynamics. And so we feel like this guidance is a very realistic look, not only at JOTS, but all of the business segments.
James P. Snee: That's a hard one, Jeremy. And we've talked about that a lot in terms of when we've been asked the question about what does it mean to you, one of the things we have responded with is tell us when. And so once we know when this is all going to happen, we'll be able to give you a better answer. And I think labor certainly is one of the variables that comes into the mix. From our perspective, clearly, we've got a great long-term workforce in many of our facilities, so we're well positioned. And so we will be watching the timing of these plants coming online very closely and trying to better understand what that means.
James P. Snee: Sure, Heather. This is Jim Snee. From our perspective, as Jim Sheehan described earlier, we did see a spike in belly prices, and we took appropriate pricing action. It's going to take a little while to work through the system, but we feel really good about our ability to continue to take pricing in that category. We've also seen some competitive pricing action in that category as well, which bodes well, we believe, for our future, especially in bacon. In Refrigerated Foods also, let's not forget about our strong foodservice business. They had another great quarter in the first quarter, and there's no signs of that business slowing down. So we feel really good about that. And so the second quarter should be a good quarter for Refrigerated Foods, and that's what's leading us to say we do expect it to be a stronger performance for the full year.
James P. Snee: Ken, it's early. First thing, obviously, is we're looking out the balance of the year driven by JOTS. As we get throughout the year, we'll be able to take a closer look at that, but it is early for us to be looking out into 2018 and 2019.
James P. Snee: Okay, thanks for the clarification, Ken. I don't think that it structurally changes our business going forward. We're obviously in a market cycle. That cycle will correct. And when we think about JOTS in particular, from our perspective, we know that there's history here. History has been on our side. We've seen this in 2003 and in the 2008, 2009 timeframe. In each case, we've emerged stronger. We know that it's important for us to stay disciplined. And JOTS, as you know, it's a key part of our balanced model and a key part of our business. So in terms of structural change, we don't see it, we just have to get through this cycle and we will.
James P. Snee: Sure, Akshay. Jim Snee. So the first part around competition and competitive pressure, I mean, we are seeing it in the markets, or in the meats, as you say, and we are also seeing it from competitors. We're not the only company that was coming back out of AI looking to regain distribution and regain business. So there is an element of market pressure and competitive set pressure. So we are seeing that on both sides. And then when we think about the next piece when you talk about expenses, Jim Sheehan referenced some of the bird performance on the live production side and we know that those are cycles and our team, again, coming out of AI is already working on addressing that in the live production side of the business. So competition does have both parts. The expenses with bird performance. The other thing that we mentioned, which is going to be a very good thing for us over the long-term is our venture into raised without antibiotics. And right now, obviously, we're making investments in that business. We know that it's the right thing to do. And that includes feed, supply chain densities. There's a lot of things too that go into that. And then the last thing, Akshay, and I want to make this part just clear on your opening comment. We are not projecting $100 million decline year-on-year for Jennie-O Turkey Store.
James P. Snee: Akshay, we saw that release earlier this week as well. Obviously, chicken has been in that space for a long time. And so it's too early to tell. We haven't seen the product, haven't really heard what the consumers think, haven't heard what retailers think. So it's really too early to tell on that specific product line. But clearly we'll be watching it closely.
James P. Snee: Thanks, Akshay. Really we've got stronger performance for the balance of the year in both Refrigerated and Specialty Foods. On the Refrigerated side, the big driver there is going to be continued strong value-added sales both on the retail side of the business and continued strong performance from our foodservice team. And then on the Specialty Foods side, like we said, the CytoSport business continues to do well gaining distribution, but also some great, new innovative items that are really starting to take hold in the marketplace. So between those two things, that's really what's going to offset some of the difficult market conditions for JOTS.
James P. Snee: Yes, Sean. Jim Snee. That's a fair statement. Really in terms of expenses, obviously, advertising was up on the quarter. There, as you would expect, were expenses associated with the Justin's integration that are one-time expenses. So certainly advertising will play a benefit for the rest of the year. We won't have the ongoing integration charges, but the bigger driver in all of this is really the sales momentum for Grocery Products. And so SKIPPY continues to do really well. Our MegaMex portfolio of products is doing well. And then we do see some favorable market conditions that will help them out and then again the full year benefit of Justin's. So that's really what's driving our outlook for Grocery Products.
James P. Snee: I think, Sean, we've talked a lot about the continued growth, the migration up the value ladder, if you will, in our Refrigerated Foods segment, and it occurs not just in packaged items. We're doing it across the entire Refrigerated Foods organization, in fresh pork, in meat products. It's happening everywhere. And so we'll continue to work on that, and we've been very successful. The other part to really consider is the, once again, strong growth of our foodservice business. That's a business that continue to deliver quite well for our organization. We don't expect that to slow down. And then a lot of the innovation work that we are doing in on-the-go with our party trays and some of our other items that we've developed. So is it a structural difference? It certainly is a structural shift, and we will continue to be working on that so that we do eliminate volatility over the long-term.
James P. Snee: Sure. Thanks, Rob. So to your first question, the answer is yes. We are committed to that long-term margin guidance, and clearly the impact of Jennie-O on just this one quarter moved us back a little bit. But we do believe that this business is going to rebound and will emerge stronger and it's going to be a key part of that journey in the margin improvement. So the answer is yes. We are committed to that. And to your second question, certainly there are elements of both, right? I think we are still probably gaining back some distribution, but you're gaining back distribution because there's consumer demand. And so again, the underlying fundamental there is we feel really good about the business, it's connecting with consumers and it's on trend, and we expect to continue to do that.
James P. Snee: Sure, Rupesh. Good morning, Jim Snee. Yeah, just following up on the earlier question around Justin's, the $13 million in the first quarter does account for some seasonality in the business in the whole confectionary space. But we do want to point out that the volume is up 20% year over year. And so we do believe that we're on track for $100 million for the full year and still remain very positive about that acquisition and that business going forward. And as you get to the Applegate business, our team there continues to work through the rebound of the supply situation, both on the pork side, and then that was compounded with turkey supply shortages through AI. And as you think of that business in specific parts of the store, the walled deli space is extremely competitive. The team's making progress there, but that's been a battle. Really a lot of continued success in the meat case and the freezer. Hot dogs, dinner sausage, the nuggets, the chicken breakfast sausage, those items are doing well. And we're working now on developing business in the foodservice channel as well. So we think that that business is very healthy and going to continue to do well.
James P. Snee: Sure. Eric, good morning, Jim Snee. Thanks for those questions. I'll try to break those down here. So the first one around avocados – and you are correct. We have taken pricing increases on Wholly Guacamole. And those prices have been in the marketplace a little while now, but consumer demand remains strong for the products. In terms of the avocado market, there are a couple of things. Prices are historically high, but they are down from some of their October peaks. The other thing to understand is that there is adequate supply. And so we have a number of – or a lot of the supply that comes out of Mexico, but we have other sources for supply as well. So there's adequate supply in that space. And we again feel really good about the business going forward. From a Grocery Products perspective, our guidance is consistent with what we laid out in the fourth quarter call. And so the business is very healthy, a lot of sales momentum. And you're right, once you get through some of these one-time expenses, we'll be able to deliver the guidance we laid out. And yeah, there is a mix shift (53:56), a mix shift as we think about the Justin's and SKIPPY and all of those product lines that really continue to build a nice broad base in the Grocery Products portfolio. So we feel really good about what Grocery Products is doing and where they're headed.
James P. Snee: I think we're on track for the 5% organic growth number. As you go around all of the different business segments, Refrigerated Foods, the strong value-added sales will continue to deliver there. JOTS will be slightly lower. We are going to see some volume growth, but obviously we understand the market conditions. Specialty Foods will continue to perform well. And then International, Grocery Products are all on track for what we said they were going to do. So we do believe, Mario, that we're going to be able to deliver that 5% organic number.
James P. Snee: I mean, I think, we've said our stronger performance will come from Refrigerated and Specialty, but there's some really nice sales momentum in Grocery Products, and we don't expect that to slow down.
James P. Snee: Specialty Foods, you've got to remember that that's still a mix of CytoSport, HHL and our Specialty Products group. And so when we talk about that business, we are talking across all those different categories that are performing well. So I think we expect that business to continue to be strong, and even within that segment there's a bit of a balance that goes on at any given time. We've seen some nice growth with CytoSport in some more traditional channels. Remember, the C-store business, which is a big part of the CytoSport business, isn't measured. And the team's done a great job not only gaining distribution but creating innovative new items to meet the needs of that channel. So it's all of those things that are really setting it up for a strong 2017.
James P. Snee: Heather, just a reminder, fresh pork exports are – they are a decent-sized part of the International business. They're not, I would say, a huge part of the overall company. And on any given year, obviously, we've had strength and then we've had some challenges with pricing pressure with products coming out of the European markets the last several years. But it does look like the markets are setting up for a strong full year. Certainly, you've got the China conditions, but I think we've also all read what's happened, or what is happening in South Korea, which is a strong export market for us. So I mean we do feel like it'll continue to be strong throughout the year.
James P. Snee: Great. Well, thank you all very much. While unfavorable market conditions in the turkey industry challenged our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, the balance we have intentionally built into all of our businesses allowed us to deliver earnings growth this quarter. Our team has a track record of delivering results, and we clearly understand what needs to be done this year to deliver the guidance range we provided. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you for joining us today.
James N. Sheehan: So, Adam, this is Jim Sheehan. You're right. We did have good market conditions more in the early part of the quarter, for us November, December. What we saw in January was that there was a freezer report that showed that there were some low levels of inventory, especially in the belly areas. And you saw some drastic increases in belly prices, trim prices were up and hogs were up, hogs were up, I think, 17%, bellies were up 20% in that one month alone. So that created some pricing pressure – short term pricing pressure but as those prices increase so quickly, it's hard to keep up with the pricing. There is generally about a 30-day delay before we can reset our prices and with that type of an increase, it put pressure in Refrigerated Foods.
James N. Sheehan: Jeremy, this is Jim Sheehan. One of the things that I'd remind you is with our balanced model, the lower beef prices are providing lower input costs for both Refrigerated Foods and Grocery Products, as beef is a major input for both of those segments. So there's a bit of an offset of the challenge in the turkey business.
James N. Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan, Heather. Again, we're less concerned about the packer margins. We're more concerned about our input costs. So we do expect belly prices to be higher. Trim we think will be similar to last year, so we think it's going to decline a little bit. And hogs, we believe, will still remain a bit high.
James N. Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan, Ken. Our Refrigerated Foods segment is the hardest segment to model. And it's difficult to model because of the focus on not only providing raw materials for our own – their own products in Refrigerated Foods, but it provides products to other businesses, especially International and Grocery Products. For instance, this quarter, fresh pork was actually transferred to International because International margins were greater than the margins that could be attained in fresh pork. So that – what you're referring to is the packer margin, you're really seeing some of that benefit in International and not in Refrigerated Foods. We had a strong quarter for the value-added products within the division. We're focused on what our input costs are, and I think we've given you some ideas to what input costs are going to be. There will be some commodity benefit. But in general, we think that spread will be offset by higher belly and trim prices. So again, focus on what's happening with the hog markets; what's happening with belly and trim prices.
James N. Sheehan: Akshay, this is Jim Sheehan. And really what's happening with that lower commodity prices are the pricing pressure that it's putting on to the sales price. So that's really where we're feeling the impact.
James N. Sheehan: I think to understand what occurred in the first quarter, one of the things that you shouldn't lose sight on is the bird performance, because the birds that we raise, we've talked about that we had some additional costs in those flocks. The flocks that we raised cost more and then they provided less meat than they typically will provide, and especially less breast meat. So the cost of raising the birds was the same price. Yes, there is some advantage in the commodity prices for breast meat that we're buying on the outside, but it's really the pricing pressure.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. So I wanted to just get a little bit more clarification on the turkey shortfall. It looks like – and your disclosure, again, we really appreciate the extra disclosure. But it looks like profits are going to be off for the year by close to $100 million. But I'm trying to break that down into its components, right? So you said there is competitive pressure, and it looks like competitive pressure can be broken into two things, which is competing needs, and I'm not sure if there are any competing brands that are causing any pressure. But it looks like it's all competing needs. So, can you break down sort of the pressure into buckets, whether it's competing needs and lower turkey prices versus higher costs that are in your control? Like maybe just give us some sense of order of magnitude of those three.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Just last one. Prior to this quarter you were guiding to – Refrigerated EBIT growth to be flat for the year. Obviously, now you are saying it's better. Can you give us an order of magnitude how much better? I mean it looks like Refrigerated Food projection being better is the major offset to JOTS being lower. So, it looks like there's a significant positive change in your Refrigerated Food operating margin assumption. But can you just give us some order of magnitude what you expect EBIT growth in Refrigerated Foods for this fiscal year? Thank you.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Hey. Thanks for the follow-up. Just on turkey, can you just help me understand the dynamics of lower commodity prices on your portfolio, because 80% or so is value-added, so lower commodity needs should be good for a majority of your business? So I'm just a little bit – I'm trying to understand why that is causing such a big impact negatively on your margins. Thank you.
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies LLC: Right. But on to – because you are value-added, typically you would be able to have a better margin, right? Your inputs, when you are doing value-added, are down so your end price shouldn't be coming down as much, right, typically. So I guess...
