Kevin Jones: Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 a.m. Central Time. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our Web site at www.hormelfoods.com under the Investors section. On our call today is Jeff Ettinger, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jody Feragen, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jeff will provide a review of the operating results for the quarter. Then Jody will provide detailed financial results for the quarter. The line will be open for questions following Jody’s remarks. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 10:30 a.m. Central Time today, February 18, 2010. The dial-in number is 800-406-7325 and the access code is 4198205. It will also be posted to our Web site and archived for one year. Before we get started with the results of the quarter, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward looking and are made under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Among the factors that may affect the operating results of the company are fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and market conditions for finished products. Please refer to pages 30 through 35 in the company’s annual report for the fiscal year ended October 25, 2009 for more details. It can be accessed on our Web site. Now I’ll turn the call over to Jeff.
Kevin Jones: Maybe in order to make sure everybody has enough time for questions, maybe if you could just focus your questions a little bit more for Jeff rather than every single segment, maybe you can focus on one or two.
Kevin Jones: Thank you everyone for joining us. I hope it’s nice and warm down there in Florida. Feel free to follow up with me after the call. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, it would really vary by subcategory, I mean in some of our traditional products we’re clearly the share leader. As I think we have shared in prior calls, we have seen some consolidation of offerings in some of the retailers and with us being in the leading share position and having strong programs with these retailers, I do believe that’s benefited us. In some of the other categories such as Mexican food, our share is not nearly as large and so I think there we’re making great entries by gaining distribution and by having more significant feature activity with key retailers.
Jeff Ettinger: I really wouldn’t have any basis for knowing that at this point. We might glean some information as we study Nielsen data over the next few weeks, but I don’t have any basis right now for saying anything like that.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, I think we have talked about in prior calls as there are three big moving parts and they don’t model very easily sometimes. There is just sheer input costs, and we talked about we clearly recognize that lower hog inputs are favorable to our value-added items. We have also pointed out, though, in the past that we have done well in higher markets as well, and so we don’t see that as a fatal or dangerous condition for our business in and of itself. The second variable clearly is cut-out margins. Those had been somewhat more consistent but the last couple of years have certainly some extremes in that; they were terrible last year for the first quarter and they certainly were significantly improved in the first quarter this year. We are seeing more normalcy, I guess, albeit at a bouncing around level for what we are seeing so far into the second quarter. And then the third big variable is the one we really stake most of our attention on which is driving growth in our value-added business and enhancing our product mix. And so over the long haul, our goal would be to just continue to be able to generate increases in operating earnings from that segment by the combination of volume growth and enhanced mix.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the decline is certainly not as steep as the year before. I think we are seeing some glimmers of improvement. Our DCB business continues to hold its own. Our Jennie-O foodservice sales were actually up for the quarter. Hormel is more at the mix stag; overall decline, but in some of our value-added items such as the ones I referenced earlier, we saw increases and we weren’t seeing increases like that last year. So we are hopeful that the tide is starting to turn and we will be able to benefit from that.
Jeff Ettinger: For the full year, flat would probably be more realistic, and given that we are starting in a trough.
Jeff Ettinger: It depends on the items. It’s the fresh items will be quicker than that. Some of the value items could be quite a bit longer than that.
Jeff Ettinger: I think it would be – it is fair to say it would have been an accretive mix ultimately to the bottom line performance. The traditional items did well and those are good items for us. And we have over time windowed our way out of some laggard area; we don’t sell Viennas anymore, frankly the joint venture with Carapelli was generating yields, but not much for earnings, and so that that’s improved the overall picture too.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: I guess I was specifically thinking more about MegaMex.
Jeff Ettinger: Being over 20 right now is the level that we are not thinking we would be sustaining.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Jeff Ettinger: We had another good quarter in SPAM, and we certainly had a good year. We would conceive that the overall economic situation we think has helped the franchise. But our team there really started restoring momentum on that item. When we started advertising it, when we supported the product line with the expansion of an item such as SPAM singles, and we were starting to see increases even in ’08 in that product line, and so they have built an excellent momentum. I think they are doing a better job at reaching consumers that were friendly towards SPAM; that had it in the cupboard, but just had not got it out of the cupboard lately. And so, clearly advertising is focused on simple recipes and on getting that usage and we think that’s paying off.Tim Ramey – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Terrific, thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: If I am correct in translating what you are calling divisional EBIT is what we are calling our segment profit level. We do continue to expect that our segment profit results will be somewhat higher than our EPS results and that relates to the factors that Jody mentioned that we’re up against both in terms of the rabbi trust comparison and the Carapelli sale last year, which was another below-the-line addition. But as I referenced, I talked about my expectations is not 30% increase we experienced this quarter, but it would be more modest increases. But we do expect to see a growth still at the segment level.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the mission there is really about gradual improvement and we succeeded in delivering that last year. We are off to a good start this year. Some markets are still not terrific this time here in the $40 recipe range. That’s clearly below cost for everybody in the industry. But it’s early in the year. The winter is usually the least favorable time. We expect that to improve but we don’t think it is going to be fantastic at that level. But again, our focus is always on the value-added item and so as long as we can continue to turn the momentum in those areas and grow those items and run the operation efficiently we think we can steadily increase the results from that unit.
Jeff Ettinger: Hi Eric, good to hear from you.Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: Good to hear you too, Jeff. Just a real general question to start with, your overall sales level, obviously particularly grocery, I think it goes back to Tim's question. You wind up against the easy revenue to compare year over year and you had this significant recover sequentially from the fourth quarter. Did the overall pick up in your first quarter sales for the organization, particularly grocery surprise you at the strength.
Jeff Ettinger: Well, the netted out number when you cancel out the Carapelli, you cancel out the MegaMex’s 4% increase which would be consistent with what I hope that it would deliver over the long term, I can see given not only grocery’s negative revenue trend in the fourth quarter but really across the board trend, we certainly refocused everyone’s attention on the important need to make sure we are growing our franchises. And I happy to see not only their increase but really pretty much across the board in all the business segments the recovery that we were hoping to get.Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: :
Jeff Ettinger: No and I think we’ve talked, last year it was in the 17. I think we’d like to get in the 18s on a sustained basis. We did have favorable cost situation in the unit for the quarter and then you got to watch any quarter, the quarter-to-quarter comparison there is a different sales mix in any given quarter. So that wouldn’t necessarily translate to the whole year even if cost saved the same. So very good quarter and I am encouraged particularly but what you’ve referenced at the beginning, which is the sales growth. And in the long haul, if we can keep that at those levels that would be a very good contributor to the overall result.Eric Larson – Soleil Securities Corporation: Okay, great. Thanks everybody [ph].
Jeff Ettinger: We could, but we are also ready for it to go back up. We recognize that it has slid down somewhat here. And we will have a little bit more favorable picture for this quarter. But we know there has been some level of liquidation going on. And so our expectation is as we head into summary that we need to be prepared for higher market.Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. Thank you. I wanted to talk about Target's new concept, the PFresh concept. It seems like they are going to be featuring case-ready meat pretty aggressively and I think you are their sole supplier, I am not – if you can confirm that. I just wanted to know what does that mean for you in terms of earnings or margin incrementality.
Jeff Ettinger: I think the history you’ve pointed out, that’s a fair characterization. So I am guarded on it. I will believe it when I see it in terms of, okay, not only have we stabilized it but are we increasing. But our repeat rates are very good with consumers. We are having good success with many retailers. We are seeing some of our heavy users come back into the category. So in the long haul, we are still very optimistic in the product line. Clearly there has been a time frame here where people traded off some of the added convenience for price if they thought they could get comparable items and a canned format. But the time press nature of modern life in America really hasn’t changed any and we think that these items will deliver against that and we should be growing again here in the very near future.Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes, you will clearly see it because of the MegaMex addition and we’ll keep calling out each quarter that netting out of Carapelli will have one more quarter to do that because by the end of the second quarter we were done, but we will point out which items just came on from MegaMex, but anyway a good momentum in that franchise. I do think we – I hope we stabilize microwave and I see hopes for that growing. And we still have a great momentum in the canned traditional item. So I am encouraged that grocery should continue to grow.Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse North America: Okay. Well, very good quarter and good luck. Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: It would be fairly modest in its first year. They had been suffering from some distribution losses. It really wasn’t in the sweet spot of the former owner. We are a category cast [ph] in that refrigerated meal area. We’ve had good dialogues already with some retailers. But in year one, we clear are going to have to do some investing to get that franchise back on a healthy basis. After that – it’s still – it is not a huge – it is $50 million in sales and it would have margins that would be typical of the value-added items within refrigerated, so maybe a low-teen margins.
Jeff Ettinger: Just in general, our numbers were up for the quarter which was encouraging. Jennie-O does a very nice job in the non-commercial institutional side, which we said all last year wasn’t off nearly as much as the commercial side. And so that is maybe not surprising. Their recovery is coming quicker. So that would be their strong spot of their foodservice group.Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: So nothing new in terms of inroads in restaurant area, it’s really the traditional strength.
Jeff Ettinger: That’s fair. We are not a big QSR player; we are not a subversive player, for example, so that it’s not being driven there. And traditional white table cloth restaurant still don't market a lot of turkey unfortunately for us. So that’s not a big driver of their business.Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks and congratulations.
Jeff Ettinger: I guess, maybe we’d have to follow up you with you on that.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, great.
Jeff Ettinger: I would be pulling out a number that I don’t fully have in front of me.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: A guy can always try, right. Thanks.
Jeff Ettinger: We are primarily a branded company. The only area of our business where we really have any kind of focus on private label is within our specialty foods segment and we do some canned meat items. We’ve traditionally done packaged gelatin items and so forth. But it is not a large percentage. We are primarily a branded value-added company.
Jody Feragen: Sure. Actually our priorities for cash haven’t really changed. We continue to look at opportunities to invest in our business whether that’s investing on brands that we already have or looking for additional things and certainly the addition to the Country Crock line to the refrigerated segment is a nice add. And the fact that we’ve got our MegaMex joint venture up and going is a very good positive. We continue to give back to our shareholders increased dividends. We’ve actively been purchasing shares. As far as the M&A front, our team is focused on looking for those opportunities that meet our criteria for expanding our business and growing. So don’t have anything specific to tell you today.
Jody Feragen: I think we talked at the end of last year that we expected the hog prices to remain status quo for the first half of the year, and the salary reductions would really kick in mid year, whether it is weather related or – it’s hard to tell when you are in the Midwest and we’ve had a lot of interesting weather days. But I do think that it has moved up and I would expect that what we expected to be in the back half of the year, we will now see in the second quarter through the end of the year which is higher hog prices, certainly this summer will be the tell tale.
Jody Feragen: We don’t play in that marketplace very well and I haven’t seen the new export numbers but they appear to be very strong, and that’s what tends to drive the cut-out values a lot. Last year, we certainly saw evidence of that. So I think as the new report comes out with exports, we will get a better picture of where that’s at. But they are strong.
Jody Feragen: Fair enough and I agree, leaving it on the balance sheet is not the right focus that we have. So we’ve traditionally used our share repurchase program as a release valve. And given, there are possibilities in M&A area and if those come up I would assume that share repurchase wouldn’t be a priority. So we have that balancing act and certainly have made a nice step forward with new purchase in the first quarter.
Jody Feragen: I would expect for the year that we are going to see continued ramp up in input costs certainly as they relate to pork-based items because we are expecting to have those higher markets that we now saw at the end of this period. We saw below-the-line expense decreases in freight and warehousing. On the inputs for non-pork based items, those were basically flat for this quarter.Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott: And for the pork-based items this quarter in grocery? I am sorry, if I missed it.
