Jim Snee: Yes, I mean so obviously, the biggest impact is going to happen in our Retail segment. And that's really the segment that we're excited about all of them. But as we think about the opportunities for us to really accelerate progress on our six strategic priorities, that's the one that's going to have the biggest impact. So really being able to align the operating model with the strategic initiatives in a bigger way than we ever have before is really going to be exciting. Foodservice will have some impact as we move our -- some of our affiliated business in there and then also move the Jennie-O foodservice business in there. It will strengthen us in certain channels or segments like K-12. International will be the least impacted of all the three. So, really retail, then foodservice and then international.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean it's early to look into 2023. I mean as we're thinking about it, so far, we expect that our brands will continue to perform well in face of pricing. We talked about some of the innovation that we'll be able to bring to the marketplace as supply chain improves. We do expect to see some supply chain improvements. We talked about some of the operational challenges that we've had with new labor turnover, some variances that we hadn't planned for. We know that we've got to get better on that side. So, there's certainly going to be opportunities for us in 2023, also a recovery in our International segment as we think about maybe lockdowns of not being as frequent in China, exports being able to pick up. And then we do expect a benefit from our Go Forward initiative as we think about how we can really accelerate the progress on our six priorities.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean as we think about the business spend, clearly, really pleased with the overall health of the business and the performance in the quarter. You touched on it. We knew we were going to have some Refrigerated volume declines. Jennie-O clearly had volume declines tied to HPAI. Our Grocery Products business had strong volume growth. As you dig into some of the specific brands and categories, I would say probably the most softness we have was in the area of bacon, and a lot of that would be tied to the belly market and some of the escalated pricing that we saw throughout the quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, obviously, retail will be roughly about 60%. We've talked about foodservice in total being just over 30% and international high single digits. So we're excited about all of them. And really, when we talk about retail being the most impacted, it's because we are bringing together our retail refrigerated, our grocery products unit, our Jennie-O retail. So you do have the most change occurring there. But we also have the most opportunity to really generate the alignment that we need. And so a perfect example of that, I believe, is when we've talked about entertaining and snacking in a bigger way, being a strategic priority for our organization. Historically, we've had pepperoni and refrigerated retail. We've had our gatherings party trays in our deli organization. We've had, of course, now Planters in our grocery products' organization. And now the ability to bring those together under one pillar and really talk to customers and consumers in a way that we haven't before really excites us for the future.
Jim Snee: Yes. There definitely was a benefit from SKIPPY in the quarter. Really, as we talked about it with the escalation in costs, it's really across the board. We've talked about the operational inefficiencies. So, even though in aggregate, we're at a good place with our total number of employees, those employees are younger, less experienced and we are seeing that turnover. And then, we talked about some of the input costs, so continued escalation for -- across the supply chain -- and then specifically towards the end of the quarter as we saw some of the raw materials run up. And so, that really is what created that erosion of the benefit from SKIPPY. But we definitely did see a benefit in the quarter.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we're very positive about the business. We know that the brands are strong, the business is strong. We continue to fight the escalation in costs. We know that we have work to do on the operational front. We talked about our need to really capture the synergies and the value and our expanded logistics model. We've taken appropriate pricing. We are starting to see some relief on input costs here in the fourth quarter. That should translate into 2023. We've got back to pricing, the full year impact of some of the pricing that we've put in place. And I think -- for us, it is a better internal supply chain performance that will be a key driver for us. We do expect brands to continue to perform well. And so we're confident in our ability to deliver our long-term growth algorithm. We do have some work to do, but we're confident that we can get it done.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Obviously, we're pleased with the strong organic top line growth, the strong demand for the Grocery Products portfolio. And you described the cost and pricing scenario very well. With the relief that we've recently seen from some of the key inputs, we don't believe that additional pricing is going to be necessary, that the pricing that is now going into effect in Q4 will be sufficient. But we did have pressure at the end of Q3 and in the early part of Q4 because of those elevated markets.
Jim Snee: Yes. So it's a couple of things. The Refrigerated Foods group is impacted by the elevated markets as well. And as we think about the fourth quarter, there's always going to be the puts and takes. We've obviously seen a reoccurrence of HPAI with Josh. And so really, watching to see how that plays out throughout the quarter from an upside potential? Or is there some risk, really understanding what will happen with the consumer with this last round -- most recent round of GP pricing. And then the other part that is on our radar is although we've seen this market relief, we have also seen just an incredible amount of market volatility throughout the year. And so we've seen significant moves up and down. And so while we're in a better position today, we'll be watching that closely because we know how quickly that can change.
Jim Snee: Yes. Rob. So a couple of things. Your assessment of the GP division is correct. That will be down for the full year. When we think about Planters, although we probably weren't as intentional, the sales we're on track for the sales guidance that we've provided in line with our $1 billion guide, our earnings continue to be at the high end of that accretion model. And really for us, the long-term strategy is intact, right? So as we think about this being an important part of our entertaining and stacking platform, the work that we're doing in C-stores, the business is still performing the way we want it. There's always opportunities within categories. But overall, the business is well in line with our expectations. And really, what it is, it's the inflation that we've experienced in Grocery Products. And so, we've had significant packaging inflation. We've taken incremental pricing along the way. This most recent round of pricing should be very positive and favorable as we head into 2023.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Rob. I mean -- and as I sit here, I can't imagine us having gone through what we've gone through over the last several years without having our One Supply Chain in place. Everything you described to have one purview of the supply chain has really helped us throughout COVID and some of these labor challenges. We're not alone in what's happening. You can go across industry and the conversation about turnover and these manufacturing variances, I mean, they're everywhere. We have work to do. And so we do -- we're getting people through the door. We're getting people hired -- there's work to do in terms of training and retaining those people so that we do, over time, develop that experience. That is a problem today. That's not a one supply chain issue. That's a broad-based issue. And I think when we think about other challenges, we continue to see countless upstream challenges from our suppliers. So industry-wide issues persist, and as I -- I'll finish where I started and that I just can't imagine us having gone through what we went through the last several years without having our one supply chain in place.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Michael, if we stay where we are today, we don't expect a material impact in Q1. As this always is, it's a developing situation. And so, we'll be watching it closely. But at this point, it's really too early to tell what the impact for Q1 would be.
Jim Snee: Yes. So the issue of hiring, getting people through the door is not a problem, right? So we're getting people hired. What we are seeing is that they're not staying, that there is higher than normal turnover, there's significant absenteeism. And we do think that partly driven by the labor market that we've had, the ability to find many jobs elsewhere. So to your point, is that as the labor market potentially tightens, does that lead to lower turnover, the ability to keep people longer and then build that experience and that training? Absolutely. So, it's not getting people hired, it's not a labor rate, it is just keeping the turnover down so that we can build the experience within our facility.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean we've obviously done a lot of work since -- you go back to 2015, the biosecurity efforts, the investments that we've made on our farms have been substantial. So, we've worked really hard. But clearly, this is still an issue. To your point, the new development is historically warm weather or heat has really tapped this down, but you're starting to see cases in California where temperatures are higher. And then just making sure, again, that we've got the continued emphasis and the continued focus on training with our team members that we keep this top of mind so, that we are able to minimize the effect.
Jim Snee: Yes, nothing really significant or material, Peter. We're moving some people around in chairs focusing their expertise in areas that we need some extra emphasis. So as we think about brand fuel, which is that center of excellence to really support all of our strategic pillars and brand in a bigger way. That will consist of our digital experience group, which has been a huge benefit to our organization. We'll continue to strengthen that area, making sure that our insights group is being fully utilized across the entire organization. So making a few investments there continued our good work on innovation and having that even more ingrained with the brand and the strategic pillars. So nothing really material as much as it is moving some people in chairs and then making sure, of course, that we've got all the right financial planning and analysis to support the business in a bigger way, but really nothing from a cost perspective that we're thinking about.
Jim Snee: Yes, I think the biggest thing there, Peter, is the volatility that we continue to see. So in terms of the absolute supply, I mean our view is consistent with what everybody else is seeing. We're obviously going to be making some forecasts that are probably tied more to slightly higher than historical averages. But really, the difference in all of this is that, that volatility or when some of these markets are staying elevated longer than they historically have, like we've just seen here at the end of Q3 and for us, the first period of Q4. That's where we really start to experience some of that compression. So when you've got the elevation that's higher longer and then some of the volatility that has been persistent throughout the year.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think, Adam, as supply continues to improve and we talked about still having a number of categories where demand is outstripping supply, but as supply continues to improve, we do expect that to be a lever that we've -- historically, we've always used it. We'll continue to use that in conjunction with the advertising dollars that we need to build the brand equity and build that connection with consumer. So yes, we do expect to see that to continue to be an integral part of our business going forward. And as we think about our updated operating model and we start to bring these retail businesses together, that's also going to be a benefit for us as we'll have, again, a bigger purview of all the retail businesses in terms of how we're interacting with customers and consumers.
Jim Snee: Yes. Not at this point, Adam. I mean we're seeing continued strength across all of the different channels where we compete. And I would say that a big driver of that, we've talked about some of our labor issues. So many foodservice operators are facing those same labor issues. So they're forced to think differently about how they're going to be able to provide products. And we talked a lot about the value-added offerings that we have in our foodservice portfolio really being able to help those operators move the labor that they do have from back of the house to front of the house, and we are -- we continue to see that play out. We have seen a strong back-to-school season, not only with our Jennie-O K-12 business, but with the work that the Hormel side does on the colleges and universities. So again, really, really strong broad-based foodservice business.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thank you. I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As we've talked about this morning, our business remains incredibly healthy even as we continue to navigate some of the most difficult operating conditions in our company's 130-year history. Our team is focused on a strong finish to 2022, but we're also incredibly excited about our future with the implementation of our Go Forward initiative to update and better align our operating model against our strategic initiatives. This is a positive and exciting time for Hormel Foods. Have a safe and enjoyable Labor Day weekend.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just a quick add there, Ben. Jim described all of that from a strategic standpoint, if you think about how we go to market as well, what this model actually does, it really just bolster how we go to market as a company and just bringing that one Hormel to bear, and that's truly going to be a strategic advantage for us.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just to add to that, we also are currently underway executing the automation and really getting optimizing in different fronts from an operation standpoint. So that should certainly add to us being successful at executing on our long-term goals as well.
Jacinth Smiley: So we are currently, for the moment for 2022, have hedged our grains at around 80% for the year, and we have already started hedging and have actually locked in our hedge for 2023, albeit at an elevated level, given where grain sits today. So that's, of course, another challenge, and we're not 100% hedged. So, we still have a little bit of exposure to the market and working through as we think about other areas as well, leaning into four contracts where we can, where we are not able to really execute any hedges in those areas.
Jacinth Smiley: So going forward, I think tough it depends on what happens with HPAI, certainly. I mean, for this year, for the third quarter, our impact was about 20% less volume going into the fourth will be off 30% volume for the fourth quarter. And our expectation is as we go into the first quarter of next year, if for the fourth quarter. And our expectation is as we go into the first quarter of next year, if nothing else happened from an HPAI standpoint, we should be rebuilding our supply there and be in a good spot.
Jacinth Smiley: No. Yes. We don't expect that volume pressure. So, we actually -- and you're exactly right. I mean we've had a couple of situations here within the last few days with -- but these were really young birds. And so, it is an impact that doesn't impact Q4 at all and actually pushes into the first quarter of next year, but really will be immaterial to the quarter.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So I mean that's going to vary, right? So we'll continue to always evolve and look for opportunities to take costs out of the plant. So there isn't really any point in time I'd say that we would stop doing that. So it really is a continuing improvement in our mind.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. The other piece I'll add there, I mean, really fundamentally, what it has done for us or what it will do is just to bring the synergistic brain power into one place to be able to support the business and just take away some of the silos in which we're working today and also bringing jobs as well into play as we integrate them into the organization as part of the transformation.
