Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, the first half has been a very strong half for us. Q1, as you recall we were able to raise the guidance range at the conclusion of Q1. Q2 was also a very strong quarter for us. And honestly, but the for the avian influenza incident, we would be talking to you today about raising the guidance range. So, clearly that provided some momentum. I also have the expectation that the other four business segments will generate positive results year-over-year during the second quarter and we'll then be able to offset much of what's going on at Jennie-O for the half.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: We did attempt to bake in at least some sense of, okay, if there's some added percolation going on, there where there might be another outbreak or two and indeed, if you look at it over the last two weeks, we had one fairly significant barn complex encountered the disease. So, we have tried to factor in that somewhat, but also are expecting that the thing should slow down during the summer. The fall is a wildcard in terms of if and when it comes back. In terms of next year, and we really are not in a position to give you any quantifiable new range for Jennie-O or for the whole company for that matter. We're just beginning our planning process. But I do believe it would be fair to say that at this point, the outlook for the first half of the year for Jennie-O Turkey Store should be somewhat subdued based on the issues that you've raised. I mean, it is going to take them some time to get back into full production. I just – I can't tell you whether that 10% to 12% range though that we gave you for the second half is the right range for the first half yet, but it probably will be something short of what we experienced this year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I can't really give you any precision with that because we're in somewhat new territory. We're working with the government on that. It's going to depend in part upon the continuation of no outbreaks for a timeframe. We do understand that there's recently in Wisconsin the repopulation of a chicken-based facility, so it wasn't one of ours, but – so the process is at least beginning. But I really can't give that to you with great precision, I mean other than to tell you, obviously once we do get the poults in barn, I mean it's 22 weeks after that before we would be bringing them to the manufacturing facility for our tom based turkeys.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I just would mention – I mean we received notice here recently that both the REV product and our WHOLLY GUACAMOLE minis were named IRI Pacesetter Top 100 New Items from kind of the last 12 to 18 months of introduction. Our Foodservice group has really enjoyed some excellent results with their BACON 1 product and also their Fire Braised meats, so innovation still is a key component to what we're seeing for success for Refrigerated Foods and our other segments.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I mean, the first quarter was probably slightly behind. The second quarter, if you look at operating results, we were very happy with the results. They did have the additional $4 million plus charge as we made the decision to close the Benicia plant. Over time, that should enhance operating returns and heading into next year then hopefully, we'll be able to increase on that. But we're still comfortable with that number.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. Both good questions. On the expected turkey volumes. I mean, I can tell you the USDA has not modified their number from the 3% to 4% increase that they expected for the industry. I mean, given our experience and given that we're sort of tied for one of the lead players in terms of volume in the industry, I guess I have a hard time seeing how those numbers happen if we're going to be short 20% in terms of at least turkeys coming into our system and about 15% net of the meat we're going to have to buy. So, I don't have an adjusted total industry number for you, but I guess I'm skeptical as to the industry's ability to hit that 3% to 4% gain number. In terms of ramped up CapEx, I think the theory that you've laid out is probably correct. We're still a little too early to know exactly what might be required. But in talking with APHIS and just kind of studying, okay, what are better ways to potentially prevent this in the future. And also given the fact that there seems to have been airborne introduction this time, and so that may cause some added fan and ventilation requirements that will be different than what we've done in the past. I think it probably would be safe to assume some additional level of CapEx spending, but I don't have any ability to tell you whether – what the delta is versus normal either for Jennie-O or for the total company heading into next year.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, I guess I would concede that this is – given this unprecedented and rare incident that's kind of exposed a little bit an Achilles' heel to the strategy of being very centralized. It had been a tremendous advantage in the past in terms of just knowledge of feed within an area and growing practices, the ability to move meat from plant to optimize products and so forth. And indeed, all of our facilities are either in Minnesota or Wisconsin. So, whether this is something that then prompts a change in that, we're still on the triage mode right now and I guess that's something on a strategic long-term basis I'll be talking with the team about. But it's a valid question.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess from a pipeline standpoint, I mean, we're – I don't have anything different to report than normal. I mean, we certainly have a track record of generating growth through M&A along with our product innovations and doing a better job with our traditional items. And we continue to look for both family-owned businesses and institutional properties that might come out, but I don't have anything to report specifically on that. In terms of AI, clearly it is a time-consuming challenge, particularly for the Jennie-O Turkey Store team, but it's not having any impact in terms of our overall team's ability to seek out M&A opportunities, nor would it have any issues in regard to our ability to finance such a transaction.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I mean, they're both significantly challenged and to a pretty close level, is our best shot at it right now. And we're short the birds already in terms of what's been going on over the last several weeks, so we're in it.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. SKIPPY on a domestic basis, we were pleased that we returned to volume growth and expect that to continue going forward. We did see with the price decline, our net sale number was down. And as I mentioned in the introductory comments, that did squeeze our operating margins a little bit on SKIPPY. We're happy, thus far, with the performance of the ad campaign. We've been able to see demonstrable results in advertised markets that were enhanced over the non-advertised markets. And we also continue to look for new product innovation, and we'll have some things to show the marketplace later this year in that regard in terms of the SKIPPY brand. Outside of the United States, so far, our experience in China has been – it's kind of an up and down quarter-to-quarter business. The second quarter wasn't particularly strong this last quarter, but in visiting with the team, they're very comfortable that they will see overall growth in terms of the SKIPPY international portfolio for the second half of the year as they have programs in place to generate that. In terms of REV, we're kind of making a little bit of a transition with that product. We, upon advice of some of our trade customers, we've changed the case, we've changed the product packaging somewhat. We're trying to attain a price point that we think is going to be able to stimulate the next wave of growth for that item. And so, second quarter kind of was the transition quarter for that. The new products are now in the marketplace and then we're complementing that with a new ad campaign that just launched at the very end of April. And early reads on that are positive, but we'll be able to give you that full report when Q3 is done.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Well, this is Jeff. I just wanted to conclude by saying we're very pleased with the record second quarter earnings we were able to announce today. While the next few months certainly will be challenging for our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment, we will look to our experienced team and our balanced business model to deliver a successful year in fiscal 2015. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
Jody H. Feragen: It's a non-insurable event, although as it has been in the press, the government helps farmers with birds that they have to euthanize.
Jody H. Feragen: So, I think we've discussed before that about 70% of our Refrigerated Foods portfolio would be considered value-added. But understand included in that 70% would even be things that have pricing that's more market-driven such as bacon and hams and our marinated fresh meat. And even on the Foodservice side, some of the contracts they have for items are driven by market forces. So, yeah, the team has performed well, they have a focus on providing great value for our customers, but also making sure that there's a margin left for us.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, I do not plan to announce any special cost reduction initiative. I think that's kind of the culture that we live by day-by-day. We always run a pretty lean operation with a lot of processes in place such as Jeff signing off on any salaried employee that's being added to the payroll. So, everything gets a pretty difficult look. We do – I would argue that we already have been doing zero-based budgeting for many years, but we just didn't call it that. So, I'm pleased with the initiatives we have underway with the constant look at expenses and keeping things in line.
Jody H. Feragen: I think I addressed it earlier, but never hurts to reemphasize. We're certainly pleased with how the value-added portfolio within Refrigerated Foods delivered for this quarter. But given the fact that we have pork operating margins, as well as a component of commodity sales within that portfolio, we're still sticking to our 5% to 8% range, and when we see that, that's been sustained for a period of time then we'll take a relook at it. The guidance we've given is for over the longer term and through different types of market cycles. So I would expect that the value-added piece should still keep going. Grocery Products definitely should benefit from lower pork input prices particularly on the SPAM family of products, and that should help drive their results in the back half.
Jody H. Feragen: So, it's all in – the pork packing margins, or the pork operating margins, as we call it, are included in the Refrigerated Foods. And, yes, they were – they have been lower than last year. Part of that is due to the – what they call the dropped credits, the parts of the animal that traditionally are sold overseas. And with the port issues and the continued strong dollar, we've seen those values go down. So, I think that's impacted the whole industry. I would expect that some of that may pick up in the back half, as we work through the port issues. I'm not recalling the last part of your question.
