Jim Snee: Yeah, Ben thanks for the comments. We sincerely appreciate them. With regards to the business question around inventory levels, I mean really as we've said multiple times in the comments, the supply chain team since the start of this pandemic has done heroic work to meet the increased demand. And really what we're trying to convey here is as we think about what happened in Q2 to Q3, as we had more -- we had the initial outbreaks and we had plant pauses and more significant disruptions to the supply chain, we did have inventory as a buffer and we're able to continue to fill orders as we were working our way through the initial stages. Over the course of those quarters, though, I mean what we have burned through that inventory. And so now as we head into the fourth quarter, I mean it's going to be very important paramount, if you will, that we keep our supply chain operational. And like I said, the team's done a great job but we can't afford any disruptions. And although we're not seeing the level of outbreaks of COVID cases and we are still having cases on occasion and those cases can have production impact. So, the team is doing a great job as you heard, keeping COVID out of our facilities, working with team members in the facilities to make sure they understand the importance, but But really it's the messaging that says, we were able to have inventory as a buffer. We really in some areas don't have that now and so making sure that our supply chain and our production efficiencies are where they need to be is going to be critical to meet the increased demand. And so, I mean, if you look at some of the demand that we have met, I mean significant increases in pepperoni, in bacon and in spam, some of our center store items. So, we've been able to meet that increased demand, but we just have to make sure that we keep that supply chain in our production facilities going.
Jim Snee: Yeah, and a majority of them, a majority of those costs were in refrigerated foods and JOTS and obviously in our comments we were pretty specific to talk about that. That outsized impact if you will in JOTS so, that's probably the right way to think about it.
Jim Snee: Yeah, we are pleased, Rupesh, because we saw it across the Board. We saw it in a lot of our refrigerated products and also in our in our grocery items. So, it wasn't skewed to any one brand or product line. Really good balance across the portfolio.
Jim Snee: Yeah, great, that's a great question Ben and I will tell you, we are making great headway on that front. I will reference the SKIPPY products that we're bringing into the marketplace and having some really good early success in multiple items. I just recently had an update in terms of the pipeline that is coming this fall. And I mean, it continues to be very strong. It's exciting. It's on trend. And our customers are looking for that innovation. So, I've been really, really impressed with the work that our innovation team, which of course, encompasses so many other functional areas, has been able to do remotely. The other thing that I would mention, and we talked about it, I know on our last call, I don't think we mentioned at this time, but we have continued to track at our 15% goal in regards to innovation. And so, in the midst of everything else that's going on, we haven't lost sight of the fact that innovation is part of our lifeblood and it's something that we need to continue to deliver to drive the company forward. And our team has just done an amazing job responding.
Jim Snee: Sure, early -- late second quarter, early third quarter I mean significant decline that we saw in our food service business. And early in the third quarter we started to see recovery. The business was on a very nice trend, upward trend and then as we started to see more COVID outbreaks around the country, what happened and it actually was kind of nice to see, is we saw the business or the recovery kind of plateau. And so at the outset what we saw was that initial significant decline in the business and what we saw this time with some of the outbreaks was that the business maintains a level it was at, it just plateaued. So it didn't continue its recovery. And now, we are starting to see a bit more recovery as different states do get it under control. But I mean the fact is that it's still significantly behind a year ago. For us, it is all about what does food service look like in the future, how does the industry reimagine itself, what are the emerging segments that will come from this. We do believe that food away from home is just such an ingrained behavior in our society that it is going to continue in some way, shape, or form but it probably will look different for the foreseeable future.
Jim Snee: Yeah, I think the key takeaway there is, again, you go back to the early stages. You had so many companies, so many people just really trying to figure out which way was up. And so the idea of having M&A activity was not at the top of anyone's list. It was about really running, running the day to day business. And I think that's moderated a little bit and people have figured out maybe a little bit of what a new normal might look like. There are more conversations, there is more interest, and I would tell you that the communication is picking up a little bit. So, from our perspective we believe that we're -- we continue to be in a really good spot with the strength of our balance sheet. Jim talked about our debt offering, when we did it, why we did it, but then also what that could mean for us down the road. So, we continue to value M&A as an important part of our growth strategy going forward.
Jim Snee: Sure, I'll answer both of those Ken and I'll -- Jim has any inventory follow-up, I'll let him do that. You know, as you think about grocery products, I mean, the core is right -- the SPAM, the SKIPPY, the Chili, the Dinty Moore and all of that business was very, very strong and able to meet the demand. Probably that gap you're describing and we had a little bit of this I believe in the second quarter is -- this offset by food away from home and contract manufacturing. So the food away from home exists in our MegaMex business and that, like our Hormel food service and our Jennie-O food service business was down. And then we also saw a decline in our contract manufacturing business. So as you think about that delta, those are probably the two pieces that would lead you to that underperformance comment. But I mean, from our perspective, our legacy, our core grocery products business was really, really strong. And even our MegaMex business was up. But we did have a negative impact from their food away from home business. On the inventory piece. I mean, your comment is well made that if over a long-term, you're not able to supply a customer there's going to be ramifications. And I mean, we're not in that position. I mean, we're able to meet and maintain our shelf space with our customers. And going back to my earlier comments, the whole comment around inventory is just that it's shifted, right. We don't have that as a buffer so we do need to make sure that the operations are running as efficiently as they can. So yeah, we're as you would expect and I'm sure you're hearing from others, we're in a constant dialogue with retailers in terms of making sure that where we're meeting their needs, they understand what our situation is and certainly we're not going to put any of our business or our shelf space at risk.
Jim Snee: Well happy to clarify that. I mean, the plants are all up and running. I think from an industry perspective, I mean our margins, our business are always at the top of the industry. We do continue to have higher COVID related costs. And so, PPE, some of the labor issues that would lead to lower volumes, lower overhead recovery, I mean those are still there as we progress in the quarter. But I mean, the plants are still running. We haven't had any pauses since the beginning of the quarter. And so, the retail demand, especially in the lean ground turkey area really, really strong. The food service business is recovering, but still trailing last year. Jim, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Jim Snee: No, Ken I want to -- you can have that offline with Nathan and see if he can give you more clarification. 
Jim Snee: And as you think about the fourth quarter, I mean on the markets, I mean it feels like all of the supply plants are running at very solid levels and the supplies are going to be adequate going forward. So I would expect more of the levels that we're seeing right now.
Jim Snee: I guess what we're saying there, Heather, is I mean we know that there's going to be increased demand and continue to be increased demand and to meet that demand we have to have our plants run as efficiently and effectively as possible because we don't have that safety stock to draw. So I think we're saying the same thing.
Jim Snee: Sure, I mean that's a great question, and that is certainly a risk to the next couple of quarters. But I think the other part that we've seen, Peter is so many restaurants have become so much more proficient at a takeout, right. I mean again, as this started takeout was not a big part of the food service operators MO. I mean, some did it better than others and clearly you had drive through, I get all that. But, some of that casual dining locations, they had it as an option but it wasn't a very well developed option. But I think it's fair to say that operationally from a packaging perspective, so many food service operators have become so much more better, so much more proficient with that. And then I go back to this idea of how does food service reimagine itself. And so, this idea that over all these years we've developed this behavior of food away from home and now that's just going to -- I guess that it went away for a period of time but to think that it's going to go away forever just seems to be a bit of a stretch, if you ask me. So I do think that food prepared away from home is going to continue to be on everyone's radar. And I think as more and more especially casual dining segments get comfortable with to go, take out, that's going to continue to be an opportunity.  We also are seeing and working with operators on different grab and go options. So not just food that you bring back into your house, but as you think about where individuals would maybe want to go and sit and have a meal, they're not doing that. It is more of a grab and go. And so everything that we have in our portfolio that we described around all of our pre-options sets us up really well to take advantage of that as food service continues to reimagine itself. So in our direct sales force, as you mentioned, is going to play a critical role in making sure that we understand and that we're on the front end of this re-imagination. It's going to be really, really important for us. So, I mean, those are just some of the conversations we're having. But, I mean, it's still this is going to be a work in process, but we feel good about where we're at in the cycle.
Jim Snee: I think that's right Rob. First I would say it's always an honor to back clean up, so we're honored. But you're right, I mean, we do have that delta in grocery products. That is that the food away from home that's in MegaMex and then the contract manufacturing that I know we talked about last quarter. And so that is the delta. From a retailer perspective, I mean, we haven't seen anything significantly different in terms of what they're doing with their inventory levels.
Jim Snee: Well, thank you for joining us on our call today and one of our cultural beliefs is results matter. And as you heard today, we delivered results. We delivered results in many areas. We delivered results in our business, we delivered results in keeping our team members safe, and once again, we delivered results as a great corporate citizen. To our team members listening in thank you for all you do. Stay safe.
Jim Sheehan: Ben what I would add to that is because JOTS is vertically integrated, the impact on JOTS not only is in the products they sell and the availability of that product and their production lines, it goes all the way to the growth side.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, thanks for your comment. So, I mean we haven't had any plant pauses since the beginning of the third quarter, and I mean, we continue to bring labor into the plants. I mean, that's a key ingredient in making sure that we can run the harvest facilities. Of those three plant pauses that we had in Jennie-O Turkey Store and the costs associated, and that had a big impact. Jim just mentioned that it goes all the way back in the vertical supply chain. And, when we can't harvest herbs, we have higher like production costs or higher feed, and then other issues. So, on the supply chain side; big, big impact. But as we think about the dynamics of the business, my comment about why I feel good about it is, we saw the benefits of the distribution that we had regained pre-COVID-19. Now, we understand the impact of consumers going and eating at home more. But obviously, we had to be on a shelf for them to be able to find us. So the distribution gains that we had, we benefited from. We did have a negative impact on our food service business, especially early in the third quarter. You know, like our Hormel Food service business, we've seen some recovery. The Jennie-O Turkey Store food service business is a little more skewed to schools and they have the impact of K through 12 and we're trying to understand how that plays out this semester. So, I mean all in all, it really is COVID related costs that negatively impacted the business. We feel good about the retail side, we’ve got to have recovery in the food service side, but everything that we put in place pre-COVID is playing out and that’s why we are optimistic about the business heading into the future.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, good morning Ben. But as I said, the hogs are -- hit a 20-year low during the quarter and obviously our hedge positions where we thought were favorable, but any time you take hedge position, you're really mitigating your risk and not trying to time it, that's our strategy. We look at that purchasing hogs on a balanced model that has some on the open market, some on the Western Corn Belt, some on the composite value and utilizing hedges. So the hedges will be a headwind as we expect hog prices to be continued to be down. You know, production has backed up a bit during the time period that there has been some pauses in production. But again, it's a balanced model and as we've looked at our hog costs, our hog costs were still down 20% compared to the prior year. So it takes an approach that is viewing both the future and the current circumstances. 
Jim Sheehan: Ken the only thing that I would add to that is that as you think about the inventory decrease, the decreases don't all have the same impact. For instance, we know our food service business is down, so we have purposely decreased our food service inventory so that we could reallocate resources into the retail production. So the supply chain is doing that all of the time and we're trying to meet every need we can. So there are some -- there are some areas that are not going to have much of an impact because they're short, such as some of the areas of food service.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, and as you -- again we are being vertically integrated. As you've held birds longer, they are heavier birds, they don't perform as well. We're starting to move through that inventory but that's why the impact on Jennie-O has a longer tail than in areas where we're not vertically integrated. 
Jim Sheehan: Tom, as you look at the sales of refrigerated foods, they certainly were impacted by lower commodity prices. They had volatility, but prices generally were lower. I mean, as you look at the at the various items, for instance, even bellies it’s had volatility, but it ended closer to the below last year. It was below last year. So that certainly had an impact in the sales prices in refrigerated foods, less than a miss [ph].
Jim Sheehan: So Tom, just to just to clarify, I mean we have already a very well developed and trusted network of co-packers, co-manufacturers that support different areas of our business. I guess what we were saying is as we think about, the need to continue to meet increased demand and make sure that we have the right appropriate risk mitigation. We are finding ways to expand the capacity with some of those trusted coal packers. So it's really less about bringing it back in-house. It's more about finding those opportunities to expand the supply side of the business.
Jim Sheehan: The issue that would create the highest cost would be a play or pause. The fact that, you know, we talked about this I think even last quarter, every day we're getting better at running our facilities under the current structures and the current cost matrix that we have. And we'll be -- we were better at the end of the quarter than we were at the beginning of the quarter. And the end of the fourth quarter we will be much better. So we continue to improve and we address these costs. But they are real costs and they are there. So we're building efficiencies. If there's a plant pause that would have the biggest risk of increasing our costs.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah so, Adam, good morning. I guess I'll take it more from a sales perspective. And so when we say similar dynamics to Q3, I mean, we're thinking about continued strong retail demand both from grocery products, refrigerated foods, and JOTS. Still experiencing recovery in the food service businesses and just a reminder that they're a big part of refrigerated foods and JOTS. So, we have continued to work to do. Our international demand is strong across most geographies. We expect that to continue. As I said earlier, from a supply chain perspective, not having outbreaks but we continue to battle on the production front as we do have individual cases and that can create production challenges. We've talked about the safety stock as a buffer and the need to have a supply chain hitting on all cylinders. And so, that's when we say the dynamics are similar to Q3. I mean, that's how we're thinking about it from a demand and a supply perspective. So hopefully that's helpful to you.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, we don't have -- we don't have an estimate on that for 2021 yet. We're starting that whole process and we're trying to get a better read on those that are permanent or longer-term and those that were temporary. So, we don't have that today and as soon as we get more clarity on that we'll pass that along.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, they're comparable because obviously there's been so much volatility in the markets. I mean, it's just been wild, that ways we are as low as 89 and as high as 267. And the timing of when you're buying and winning when you're selling just could have a -- play havoc on that. So Rob, this fresh pork is probably the most -- this isn't the best quarter to measure profitability of fresh pork, but it was in the range.
