Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Jim. Good morning. Volume and net sales for the quarter grew 1%. Volume was 1.2 billion pounds as growth from Grocery Products and Jennie-O Turkey store offset the decline in International. The record sales of $2.3 billion was due to strength in Grocery Products and record value added sales in Refrigerated Foods. Net earnings for the second quarter were $282 million, up 19% from last year. Diluted earnings per share was $0.52, adjusted earnings per share was $0.46, up 5% increase. The CytoSport transaction was closed April 15th. Gain was $0.06 per share and recognized a net unallocated expense and taxes. The second half impact earnings for 2019 is a reduction of approximately $0.04 per share. Full year sales for CytoSport were expected to be approximately $300 million. SG&A excluding advertising was 5.7% of sales compared to 7.2% last year. The decline was driven by the one-time benefit from the CytoSport sale and reduction in selling expense. Advertising for the quarter was $35 million, a decline from $37 million last year. Advertising investments are expected to be down modestly due to the sales of CytoSport. Operating margins were 13.3% compared to 12.9% last year. The increase was primarily due to lower SG&A and stronger results from grocery products. The effective tax rate was 11.1% down from 20% last year. The gain from CytoSport sales drove the decline. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be between 17.5% and 19.5%. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $366 million, down 18%. The decrease is due to higher levels of working capital, primarily from building inventory and anticipation of higher raw material costs. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $48 million compared to $87 million last year. We expect to spend approximately $310 million in 2019. Weather issues delayed the expansion of the Burke facility, which will shift capital spend into 2020. We paid the 363rd consecutive quarterly dividends, effective May 15 at annual rate of $0.84 per share, a 12% increase over the prior year. Share repurchases in the quarter were $23 million representing 562,000 shares. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on our internal valuation. We received $474 million from the CytoSport transaction. We used the proceeds to pay $375 million of short term debt related to the purchase of Columbus Craft Meats. Net debt is negative. Company remains in a strong financial position to fund strategic investments. Domestic hog supply and production are balanced. Industry expansion continues as global demand increases. The supply shortage in China, caused by African swine fever, should drive domestic prices higher. We expect to operate in a high cost and volatile environment for multiple quarters. Hog markets increase year-over-year, rising more than 50% throughout the second quarter. USDA composite cutout value increased 20%. The company’s grain-based contracts and balanced approach to hog procurement provided some projection against the rapid market increases during the quarter. Prices for bellie and lean trim increased as much as 40% during the quarter before declining in the last few weeks. The guidance range for the remainder of the year is based on the following market expectations. The range reflects our view of the impact of ASF in China without an outbreak in the United States. We expect hog prices and the USDA composite cutout declined 10% to 30% from the current price levels, while maintaining a high level of volatility. The last time markets were at this level was 2014 during the domestic PEDV offering. Bellie prices have historically been the most volatile of our key inputs. We expect costs to rise to a new price range of 30% to 40% higher than the current range. Our guidance includes continued volatility within the expected range. Being trim markets are doubled from February to around $80 per 100 weight, we expect 10% to 20% increases compared to the current prices. Although there are various opinions on the impact of ASF on future pork markets, we feel providing our outlook provides better insight into our guidance. Turkey pork placements were down 4% from the last six months and down 5% year-to-date. Fresh meat and cold storage remains elevated, 7% above last year. Compared to last year, Turkey breast prices were up 28% and whole bird prices rose 6%. Meat cost was higher by 7% during the quarter. We continue to make excellent progress on Project Orion, a strategic initiative to streamline and transform how we operate as a global branded food company. This project will generate efficiencies across the entire company and represents the next step in the execution of our long-term growth strategy. At this time, I'll turn the call over to the operator for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. I’ll go ahead and start around pricing, and then I’ll let Jim talk a little bit more about some of the market conditions. As we saw the run up in markets, in the second quarter, we were quick to react and took some very proactive pricing actions across the number of our key categories that’s obviously are pork related. What was interesting in the quarter is we saw the quick run up and then we saw a moderation of pricing. And so when we say expected pricing going forward, we do project that pricing will return to the levels that we saw in Q2, in some cases maybe a little higher. The other thing to remember Michael, and we've talked about this a lot is that lag in pricing. So again depending on the channel foodservice little closer to the market, when you think about Refrigerated Products that’s all further out, and then GP, Grocery Products are shall stable portfolio is really what takes the longest to be reflected. So we feel good about the pricing actions that we’ve taken. For us, it’s really that volatility that creates the compression or in some cases expansion, but it’s really getting to the new level. Once we get to a new level that becomes little more stabilized than that’s when we get margins back to normalized level. So it’s really the volatility that creates the disruption. And I’ll turn over to Jim maybe for a little more market clarity.
Jim Sheehan: I think this is going to be a little bit difference in that PEDV. It was probably a more short-lived. I mean all the prognosticators are saying that this could be a little longer term. So I think there are some key learnings that are very applicable and there are some things that are little bit different. Any time you take pricing, especially in the short-term you do have an impact on volume. We’re talking about a number of different categories. So the volume impact, the elasticities are very different across all of those categories. The most recent reference point we have, of course, would have been the fourth quarter of 2017, where we had a significant run up in key markets. And again, we put our elasticity models to work. And the good news is in many cases, we were able to outperform what was projected. But we've done all the homework and understand that there will be some volume implications as we take pricing.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I mean, that's part of the uncertainty that we're dealing with. There's a point of view that says you could see this being a multi-year event. And that's really what we're preparing for. But, I think in the short term, especially, it's really interesting how the dynamics and the information is changing so rapidly. So as we're talking to others in the industry, you hear points to view where the markets getting ready to run very soon. And then you talked to others who say, maybe freezer stocks in China are a little higher than anticipated and it's going to take some while to clear them. So there's really a lot of uncertainty around when, how much, how fast, how long, what happens in the competitive landscape, who decides to export, who is focused on value-added. So with all that uncertainty, we're giving you our best estimate. But we really want to focus on is the certainty and what we know to be true. And that's really our ability to price to new market level. And then, as always, we're going to do what's in the best interest of the company, the customers, consumers, food service operators. So we really need to focus on the things that we can control, and then really just do our best to try to understand the uncertainty that's in the marketplace.
Jim Sheehan: Rupesh, one area I'd point you to is that the hog markets increased about 50% year-over-year in the second quarter, where the composite carcass value, the basis of what we purchase from the WholeStone Group increased about 20%. So I think that's consistent with the strategy of reducing the level of volatility in this transaction.
Jim Sheehan: Well, Adam, I'll start on the discussion around that -- unallocated being down, it's down because of the CytoSport transaction, some benefit in the interest income, but it's also down because our general administrative expenses and some selling expenses, the amount that we've allocated to the businesses is less than what our actual spend is, it has to do with we allocate those expenses on a fixed amount based on our budgets and really we've done a very nice job of managing those expenses. So that's really a reduction and it's consistent with what you're seeing in SG&A, where you're seeing a reduction on our SG&A costs.
Jim Sheehan: The answer that I would give you, Jeremy, as it's more about the volatility in the change, as opposed to the magnitude of the change. So as this process matures, I think you're going to see less volatility in the markets, will be less rumors because people understand the facts around ASF. Right now what's happening again is that you're just seeing wild swings day to day in the markets. Once we hit a level that there is more stability, there are less rumors or speculation going on. We'll be able to manage this fine. So the increase in the price is not the primary concern, it's how much volatility you're getting. For instance, we've seen I think from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. I talked about the volatility in bellies. The price only changed 6% between the beginning of the quarter and the end of the quarter. But as I said, the prices range between 120 and 215 in that quarter. That's difficult to manage. So my advice would be pay more attention to volatility, that's what's going to be -- sometimes it's a benefit and what volatility does it creates noise in a quarter. So for instance, if we've priced up and our input costs dropped the last two or three weeks, it may look -- may make the quarter look a little bit better than it really should or the other way around. Take a look at it on the long-term run as to how we're performing and somewhat ignore the noise of the quarterly movements because of volatility. Hopefully that's helpful.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, I'll speak that. Our producers appear to be in a very good position to meet any demand for increased hog production. We feel that they're in a very good position and we're confident that we will have the supply of hogs if any.
Jim Sheehan: I mean it depends, right. And obviously we've got the impact of ASF but you've also got tariff issues still. I mean, there's still a lot of moving parts. So it could still have an impact on our international group. But again, it's really hard to tell at this time.
Jim Snee: Certainly. Michael, we expect to see volatility as these prices continue to grow. To give you an example of challenges, the belly market for instance in the second quarter had a low of 120 and a high of 215. And it wasn’t a consistent line. You’d see increases and then you see sudden drops and that creates a lot of difficulty in getting the timing of the pricing correct. We expect those challenges to continue. We expect that volatility for us to create a challenge in the pricing as we go forward.
Jim Snee: Sure. I mean it starts with the fact that the impact of the voluntary recall was that, that we lost distribution. The other thing that we've had to understand is what's happened with the brand and so what we know is that the brand strength is still very strong among consumers and where we have product on shelf, which is still quite expensive, because we're the number one brand, our velocities are good. The velocities haven't decreased at all. So obviously, having the number one brand really does matter. So as we think about the back half of the year, I mean we see this as an entire back half play in terms of regaining distribution, even though we have the number one brand, it doesn't happen overnight. And as you mentioned, there will be some impact with the investments that we need to make. But we feel confident that by reactivating promotional activity, really engaging with our advertising and going customer by customer. We're still very positive on the JOTS business. As we think back to this business where it come from, it's clearly the best performing acquisition, we've ever made, the combination of Jennie-O and Turkey Store. So we are not resting on our laurels or looking back, it's really about how we are going to carry this business forward. And we have some work to do, but when we gain -- when we regain the distribution, we know the brand is strong and we know that the velocities are there, in that lean ground space.
Jim Snee: Yes, Rupesh. And I would tell you, as we mentioned in our comments, that we're in a really good position, should we find obviously the right acquisition and we referenced a transformational acquisition. So we've talked about the level that of the size of the deal that we could do, we would be comfortable with, that still holds true. The key is, as always we've got a number of deals that we're looking at, that we're reviewing that are in the pipeline. It's getting them to the finish line. And then the other part is, in terms of having the one deal that fits that price range can sometimes be difficult. So as Jim mentioned, it is this constant view of how do we reinvest and grow in the business whether that's through value-added capacity expansion or through external strategic acquisitions. I mean, our team is as focused as ever on both of those.
Jim Snee: Yeah I mean we're better off than we were three years ago. I mean, as we've said, this is a better business today. The moves that we've made to really strengthen our earnings power put us in a really strong position. The Refrigerated Foods piece is, it's the fifth consecutive quarter of steep declines in commodity profits and even though we had record value-added sales, it still wasn't enough to overcome that. And then, of course, to tell you the combination of the margin compression from the run-up in markets, but as we think about the portfolio, especially in Refrigerated Foods, I mean it is as strong as it's ever been and well positioned for future growth.
Jim Snee: Yes, then as we think about the businesses, Adam, I mean, the key takeaway is that our first half was lower than expected, but the majority of that gap is in the second half due to ASF and the business at JOTS. So as you think about each segments, Grocery Products, will have a slight decline. As you think about higher trim markets and we haven't talked about the Skippy pricing yet, but that will have an impact in the second half of the year. For Refrigerated Foods, we expect continued strong results from our brands across all the channels, but there will be a lag in pricing. So we would expect to see a slight decline in Refrigerated Foods in the back half. And really the same holds true for International through the ASF and tariff issues. And then as we've talked about JOTS, because of the reinvestment in lean ground and we're still not seeing improvement in the markets like we'd like to see. So we are seeing some improvements, but they continue to be slow. So it's a little bit across the board and but the majority of the gap is in the back half.
Jim Snee: Yes, what I would say that Adam is, you've got short-term issues and then long-term strategies. And so there are different operating models that will certainly be able to capitalize on some of those short-term opportunities, better than we can. But -- from where we sit, we're in the business we want to be and we know that there's going to be that volatility, less supply, increased costs, and as we've talked about, it's that lag that hurts us, that compresses us in the short term. But we know and we've demonstrated our ability to price to the new market levels with the businesses, the brands, the portfolios that we've chosen to participate in. And so advantage, disadvantage, I guess it really depends on the business you want to be in and how you want to run short term, long term, but we feel good about where we are. We just really need to get through the ups and downs of the markets and then we'll be fine.
Jim Snee: Jeremy, we feel like we're pretty close especially to the foodservice market. And I will tell you that we have not seen that with our foodservice operators where others are thinking about substitution or trying to lock up supply. I think your -- the first part of your comment is very accurate that when you get into these situations. There is a propensity to want to try to lock up pricing and obviously from our perspective. We go the other way and say that's the last thing we want to do and we want to get closer to the market and that really is what we're able to do each and every day is our pricing in foodservices closer to the market. We have steered clear of long-term pricing agreements. We don't believe that they're actually in either party's interest. Our focus continues to be on creating solutions, right, making sure that we can help them with their pain points around creating great menu ideas for their patrons, making sure that we can help them with their labor, their insurance, their safety issues. So I'm not going to go so far as to say it's business as usual, because it's not -- there's certainly a different mindset. But a lot of what we're doing still plays out in the marketplace.
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a great question, Rob. And we have been very decisive with our customers in terms of the pricing that we've taken across multiple categories. Although there is all this uncertainty, again, as I said about the when, the how much, how long, there is a consensus that the markets are going to increase. And so we have been decisive with pricing, in terms of what the markets do and when it's reflected. We have gone a customer by customer and worked on a promotional basis to make sure that pricing is not negatively impacting the categories, but it's important to get that pricing out front and center as soon as possible. So the pricing actions have been decisive, working closely with them on a customer by customer basis as the markets move with that volatility is something that we watch very closely. So hopefully that gives you a little more color on how we're thinking about the pricing.
Jim Snee: As you know -- we know the pricing conversations are always hard. And so I wouldn't say that it's any easier. It is a smaller component, you're correct. But you've got to have the market data or the industry facts to support your case. And I think that's really I would say that they're fairly equivalent in terms of Grocery Products or Refrigerated Foods.
Jim Snee: So great questions, Ken. As we think about 2020, you're right, I mean we should see the benefit of a couple of things, one, we will be working hard in the back half of this year to regain that distribution, knowing we have a strong brand, strong velocities. So the retail business, we should be able to see that or as you said, enjoy the positive impact. The foodservice business at Jennie-O Turkey Store had a good quarter and we expect that business to continue to grow and perform well. And then I think your last point on turkey is a very good one also. And we just -- it's hard to project, right. I mean, I do think there is a school of thought that says, if you have the impact of pork, there are going to be other proteins, chicken, beef, turkey that will benefit. So I mean we haven't modeled a lot of that into our back half, just because we know that we have work to do to regain that distribution, but certainly that's a wild card as we think about the impact of African swine fever. And then on the pricing for Skippy, we've taken a price decline and we -- we've worked customer by customer, because our ultimate goal is really to be great stewards of the category. And so we've worked and been very reliant on revenue growth management to help retailers, still try to grow the category. And our focus is continuing on the brand building and innovation, but it's a battle right now, it's a battle in the category. And again, we don't like the idea of competing solely on price. We want to focus on the brand building and innovation. So we're fighting. We've got a great brand and we've got some great things in the pipeline coming to take peanut butter out of the jar. We talked in our prepared comments about being pleased with the Skippy PB&J minis and our ability now to roll those out nationwide. Certainly, that will have a positive impact on the brand. So again, some short-term things that we'll work through, but we know that we'll come out the other side stronger and better.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean you've asked the question, I think a lot of ways to answer it, Heather, is that, we're in some unprecedented or we expect to be in some unprecedented areas for a longer period of time, than we've seen. And so you certainly -- if demand stays static, you could, to your point, see another run-up in prices. But I do think at a certain level, because of the elasticity and you're going to have demand destruction, or you know to Ken's earlier comment, you're going to have this migration to other proteins. So there's just -- there's so much uncertainty in terms of how you're going to have this interaction with the consumer across other proteins. It's really hard to project, what those ultimate impacts are going to be.
Jim Snee: The business in our opinion for where we want to be is much better positioned, because our goal is not to be a commodity company or commodity organization. And as I've said several times already, this is a better business today through the intentional changes that we've made. Some of the things we're talking about are short term and commodity in nature. Going back to the first part of your question, in terms of what have we learned and clearly from PEDV, what we learned was how important it is to be proactive with your pricing. And so, I mean, I would say that we certainly have led the charge in the industry in terms of being proactive with our pricing. But I think that's important, just because it gets the right mindset into the marketplace and then as things change, we've got other levers we can pull to help customers and consumers, but when it's all said and done, this company, this portfolio is in a much better place than it was in 2014. And as I've said pretty broadly within our four walls is I've never had as much confidence and as much faith in our business, our strategy and our people.
Jim Snee: Yes, Eric, that's a correct assessment. The foodservice channel does give us that flexibility, but it's also very typical. So because we're closer to the market, we take the ups and downs and that's clearly understood in the channel and in the marketplace.
Jim Snee: Eric, I'll take the first part and then Jim Sheehan can answer the second half. As I said and you agreed, I mean we have been proactive with our pricing and we were the first ones out of the gate. We are starting to see some competitive follow-up, which obviously supports our position and help support the overall pricing models. So it's happening slower than we would have liked. But it's starting to happen. Jim, I'll let you answer.
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, there obviously are other competitors that are filling that space. And so it again depends on the retailer who's filling the void. The pitch becomes -- what happened to their category, since we've been gone. And in most cases, it's not a good category story for them and so to us that speaks volumes that: a, brand still matter, and b, the number one brand really matters. So there is a reason -- through the voluntary recall. There is a reason that we are off shelf and we understand that. But this idea that the brand is still strong through all of our research is very important. The idea of those places where we didn't lose distribution that the velocities are still hanging in there is very important. So it really becomes all of those things that the story that we're telling to the retailers. But again, it doesn't happen overnight. You don't show up with a magic wand and you're back on shelf. We know that we have to earn the right to be back on their shelves and we'll do that. But once we're there, we know that we'll be able to help them grow their category.
Jim Snee: Probably, the biggest difference you've seen between the first quarter and second quarter and we believe will go into the back half is in the first quarter grain-based contracts were a drag to us. They were more expensive than other formula pricing that we had. It's an advantage to us right now. Those are coming in a little bit lower costs. We still take future positions. We still work with our producers. Of course, when we made the change in the structure of Fremont, we took a look at rebalancing the type of contracts we have and we think we're in a really good position right now. We have a nice balance.
Jim Snee: Yes, great question, Ben. So I mean we have seen and you've probably heard that there has been an increase in the chicken consumption in China. But consumers in China are still eating pork and so our in-country business still remains very strong both the retail and foodservice refrigerated meat business. We've also seen and as we mentioned, the strong growth in our SPAM and Skippy business, but I do think that, you hit on something that we're watching very closely is that we are trying to understand the consumer demand and what the impact of ASF is having on them at this point. We haven't seen it flow through in the business, but it is something obviously that's top of mind.
Jim Snee: Yes, so a couple of things there, Rebecca. Our transaction with the Fremont facility really has no impact on our ability to supply the international export pork business. I mean, it's still an important part of the overall portfolio. And so when it's down to the extreme that it was this quarter, it impacts the overall business and so obviously we've been in a very intentional, very focused on our ability to grow our multinational businesses, both in China and Brazil. And so we, of course, we've got our plant expansion, our new plant in Jiaxing to support that growth in country put in our first ever SPAM production line that we own outside the United States. And so, I mean that's really what we're focused on in terms of our international business and over time our goal is for our pork exports to become less and less meaningful, and less and lesser part of our international business.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for your participation today. Obviously, we've covered a lot of ground and talked a lot about the uncertainty that exists in the marketplace. But through all of the uncertainty that exists in the marketplace, as I mentioned earlier, I've never had more confidence and faith in our team, our business and our strategies and their ability to continue to deliver key results for our company. I want to wish you all a safe Memorial Day weekend. And thank you for your time today.
