Nathan Annis: Good morning. Welcome to the Hormel Foods conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We released our results this morning before the market opened around 6:30 A.M. Eastern. If you did not receive a copy of the release, you can find it on our website at hormelfoods.com under the Investor section. On our call today is Jim Snee, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Jim Sheehan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Jim Snee will provide a review of each segment's performance for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2019. Jim Sheehan will provide detailed financial results and further assumptions relating to our outlook. The line will be open for questions following Jim Sheehan's remarks. As a courtesy to the other analysts, please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back in the queue. An audio replay of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 A.M. today, Central Standard Time. The dial-in number is 888-254-3590 and the access code is 1445918. It will also be posted to our website and archived for one year. Before we get started, I need to reference the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the comments made today will be forward-looking and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the statements we will be making. Please refer to Pages 7 through 9 and 28 through 30 in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended October 28, 2018 for more details. It can be accessed on our website. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee.
Nathan Annis: Yes, I mean Heather we’ve talked a little bit about categories and revenue growth management so it is all of those things with pricing and promotion and advertising. So I tell you in our bacon business is still very healthy; both on the retail and food service side. We referenced our food services business, Bacon 1 in our prepared comments but the expansion of that Wichita Kansas facility also opened up some capacity on the retail side of the business for us. So, from a capacity perspective we're in a good place and we clearly understand all of the category dynamic center managing it very effectively to be able to deliver continued growth in that space.
Nathan Annis: Yes, good morning. On behalf of the team here Hormel foods we want to thank all of you for joining us today and as always a big thank you to all of our team members around the globe for all of their hard work. With that on February 1, we were saddened by the news of the passing of Dick Knowlton, Former Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Hormel Foods. We offer our deepest condolences to all of Dick's family, and want them to know that he will be remembered as a great leader, ambassador, and gentleman. Thank you for your time today.
Jim Snee: Michael, I mean the way we think about it is there's a lot more to brand building than just advertising. Certainly, that's a key part of it. But as when you think about how we align price, promotions, advertising, what's the right assortment and then also just improving efficiencies as we're dealing with customers, retailers, I mean those are all very, very important and we feel very comfortable with our spend levels across our brands and are very confident that the spending levels that we have are enough to support our strategy of increasing the value-added portfolio. So it is more than just advertising. 
Jim Snee: Well, I mean we have a direct selling organization in the deli space, which you would assume is a higher cost, but certainly from our perspective, more efficient and more important selling organization. It's an approach that we use across our food service business, our consumer product sales division, and now with the creation of our deli solution. So it's an important part also of all those things that we talked about, the price promotion, advertising, assortment, the salesforce is critical to our success in deli as well. 
Jim Snee: Eric, it's not an issue. And we made good progress around natural gas, but obviously there's still some LP in the system. Really the bigger issue was getting birds into the facilities. And so, we've been in the middle of this polar vortex that everyone's talking about and so it has been problematic just really from getting the birds into the facilities. That's what we're talking about.
Jim Snee: Heather, the quarter was actually shaping up to be a good quarter for us. Then we did have the recalls and then as we talked a little bit about the polar vortex, but food service had a good quarter. Our commodity sales were positive. As a reminder, we did move Jennie-O deli turkey to refrigerated foods and we had a good quarter there. It really was the retail lean ground business and that was impacted as we said down 10%. We did see some spill over into other products. So I mean the recall really is what set us back for the quarter.
Jim Snee: Sure. Probably the closest in a more CPG like pricing we've taken was on Hormel Pepperoni and the volume has actually exceeded our expectations. We talked a little bit in our prepared comments about the success that we've had with that 100-year-old brand, that 100-year-old business. So, having the number one number two brands certainly gives us a lot of brand power and pricing strength. And so if that has played out, if he called back a little further, we had taken some increases across our grocery products portfolio. And again, those all exceeded our expectations. So we feel good about where we are in a pricing environment right now right now Rupesh [ph].
Jim Snee: Adam, so I think what we would tell you is the outlook for Jennie-O Turkey store we're now moving that to our flat to slightly down, and the other businesses that we talked about that are really going to show growth or overperform, we talked about the deli business, which is off to a great start in the first quarter food service continues to deliver and then a success that we're seeing in China. So, we have the right offsets there to maintain the guidance for the full year. As you get into some of those more maybe specific questions, you might want to take that offline with Nathan and he can probably add some additional color for you.
Jim Snee: Sure. We expect it to have a positive impact in future quarters as well. There's available meat in China as a result of ASF and it is at competitive prices. And we are being very strategic and intentional on the supply side of the business. That'll carry us through just about the balance of the year. So we feel really good about the input cost side of the China business. But I will tell you the other side of the story is the sales side. So really seeing the growth and the refrigerated retail, refrigerated foods service, the Skippy business, the continued implementation of our SPAM presence there, all of those are going really well. You know, when you think about the rest of the globe clearly like everybody else, we're monitoring the situation and closely. It's really too hard to say. So for us really it's that focus in China and controlling the thing that right now we can control and we feel like we're in a really good place.
Jim Snee: I mean, it's hard to say. I mean, if you go back to what happened during PEDB, you're going to have a lot of moving parts. And so we don't want to get out too far ahead of ourselves. Clearly, we could have some benefit. We talked about the steep decline in our international exports. We could have some benefits there. So, I hear what you're saying, but it's still too early to give a good read on that situation. 
Jim Snee: Yes, that's a fair assessment, Thomas. Where continue to be very, very active looking for impactful M&A the areas that we've talked a lot about our desire to continue to add on to our very strong food service presence. We have capacity in our international business to do more. And then I think even in our domestic grocery products segment, we believe that with some of the M&A activity that's taken place, they'll probably be some carve outs. Then we also want to be very intentional about our ability to expand our MegaMax business. That's a business that's done really well for us. It's on trend and we'd love to get bigger faster there. So we've got a number of different places where M&A can fit and we are being very, very active.
Jim Snee: So, I don't know how long the market will last. I guess what I was saying in terms of our position on what we have in our supply chain to secure our business for the balance of the year. I have not received an update or an outlook on what that looks like in China, but I will tell you that we feel good about our own supply chain to support our business through the balance of the year.
Jim Snee: Sure. I'm going to let Jim Sheehan handle the cash flow question first, Rob and I'll follow up on Skippy.
Jim Snee: Let's talk about Skippy. Your first question or comment and we didn't talk about it, obviously we had a laundry list of brands in our prepared comments that we did talk about. So, Skippy certainly would have had a place in that list of brands because we have continued to see growth. As you mentioned, over the last 12-52 weeks, we've maintained our share, we're actually seeing some growth while the number one or share leader is down slightly. Clearly, there's growth in the private label space. From our perspective, we're a bit disappointed with the competitive dynamics. We knew this was coming and we are in the process of responding accordingly. We've been here before, we had a similar situation several years ago. I believe that we emerge out the other side as a stronger brand and a stronger business. And I would just say when it's all said and done, we do believe that the brand matters. The brand is important and that really trying to compete with private label on price is not a winning strategy over the long-term. But make no mistake about it, our teams understand what happened. We're in the process of reacting low respond accordingly. And in that response will be our continued focus on innovation. We've talked a lot about taking peanut butter out of the jar since we acquired the business. And we've done that with Skippy Fruit bites. Different formats. And now of course, we're in the midst of introducing our Skippy PB and J-minis, which just starting to roll out. But again, early reads are very positive. So, they're really good about the business. They'll really good about the brands and we'll manage through this situation as appropriate.
Jim Snee: Well, I mean I think as you look at points of distribution and what's happened with private label, what's happened to the number one leader, I think there's a direct correlation. What I would tell you is we've held our own in terms of points of distribution, which has really allowed us to maintain that share and deliver growth. So I mean, that's why. Again, I just want to reiterate, the tone is not negative, Rob. The tone is very positive about Skippy and the things that we have going on, the pipeline of innovation; we feel really good about the business.
Jim Snee: So, Jeremy, right now the guidance that we've given just assume business as usual. So everything is still in that number. When the deal closes, we will provide updated guidance and clarity or around the business. 
Jim Snee: Not all that much. I mean, we're still on target and working diligently to attain it. I mean, we're committed to that target. A lot of what we said in Q4 still holds true in terms of -- there is some near-term and long-term solutions the team is working on. I think the one thing that -- what will really help our team and Jim Sheehan mentioned it in our prepared remarks is this; this project O'Ryan and really putting in technology to modernize and optimize not only supply chain HR but a number of our different operations. So that is really going to help the team as well, so we feel good where we are from a supply chain perspective.
Jim Snee: No, not at all. I mean from our perspective Ken, I mean we have to A) digest what we heard, you've got to understand how it's going to impact retailer by retailer and we will respond accordingly. And so could it be aligning price promotions, increased advertising, I mean there is a lot of things there; so the idea of that we're just going to stand Pat [ph] and hope for the best is not at all correct. So we will respond accordingly but we will do in what's in the best interest of our business.
Jim Snee: I mean, I think so. I think the other thing is -- this is still really early, and we need to understand exactly how this is all going to flow through on the customer side of the business. It's one thing to say you're going to have a price reduction, it's another thing to see how that actually plays out; is it reflected on shelves our margins just are captured. So there are lot of variables here that we have to be on the looking.
Jim Snee: Yes, absolutely. I mean, so we've spent a lot of time and will continue to spend a lot of time on this -- the Skippy business, that's very important to us. We talked a little bit about the increased success that we're having an Applegate, and we're going to continue to spend our innovation focused there. A lot of work in our food service business; so we've had incredible success with a number of different items, and then we are spending time on our Justin's brand as well; so it's across a lot of our businesses. Some of the recent successes that we've had, we've talked about in our MegaMex portfolio with our Guacamole salsa, with natural choice snacks, stacks and wraps, I talked about Skippy with the launch of the PB&J minis; so these are items that are coming to -- that are in market but we've got robust pipelines backing up all of those brands, Ken.
Jim Snee: Sure, Ben. As I said a little while ago; I mean, we're on-track and committed to the target we provided on the fourth quarter call. We do think that project O'Ryan will be a technology catalyst to help our efforts as well, and it is, there is a number of short-term things that were working on, we continue to work on freight-related issues thinking about network optimization, maybe structural changes. So, I mean the team continues to be hard at work and really the bigger message is we're committed to the $75 million.
Jim Snee: Eric, I thank you know the convenience store channel in the service that Pepsi provided on the beverage side you know it was really going to be hard for them to take us anywhere else in the C store space. You know as we think about that channel, I mean we do quite a bit of business there on a number of different fronts you know we have our -- some of our mega mix portfolio is there in the grab and go space. C stores become more of an almost a traditional food service operator if you will. A number of our items with a number of customers are going into their commissaries to support that growth and we can do that through our food service organization. So between our food service organizations our efforts with our mega mix team. I mean we have an effort against the C store channel you're just not going to see Hormel products in the beverage cooler obviously but you know if you think back we did everything that we thought we were going to do when we acquired that business you know in terms of expanding distribution, did a really nice job with food, drug & mass. With innovation, what we did with our evolved brand with the bar business and in capturing synergies and then so what we did all those things I think that the bigger issue the key takeaway for us was that you know we didn't have control of that biggest part of that supply chain, so DST distribution and on the ready to drink manufacturing side. So really became more difficult to control your own destiny. And so we obviously evaluated our options and it's clear Pepsi's the best long term owner of that business so you know we have nothing to apologize for we feel really good about the business how we ran it when we had it and I think it'll be it'll be fun to see Pepsi really lean into that business now.
Jim Sheehan: Thank you, Eric. The legal settlement, we quantified to be about $0.02, now I would point out that that's a gross number. We did incur expenses during the quarter two regarding this issue when there was some loss profit in the quarter. The impact on grocery products was less than $0.01, which is where we split up between grocery products and net unallocated. 
Jim Sheehan: Eric, I want to follow-up on your question. And you also asked where we would have been with SG&A without these adjustments. Remember last year we also had a transaction in the SG&A. If you look at our SG&A be down slightly from last year when you take off your adjustments.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, we will give you guidance based on GAAP numbers but we will make it clear enough so that you will understand how much the gain on the sale is. 
Jim Sheehan: The biggest impact on the profitability was the hog costs. We buy hogs on a variety of formulas including the Western cutout, the Western corn belt cutout and grain-based formulas. The grain-based formulas were significantly a higher cost formula then the Western corn belt or other programs right now. So we will see some increase in the hog cost as we go forward. We think we'll see some recovery in the market so that the difference between the programs won't be as great as they were in the first quarter. You're starting to see them even out a little bit as we've gone into the second quarter, if that helps.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Rob. The big impact from the operating cash flow was the fact that this year our hog producers did not defer as much of their payments into the next year. Last year, there was an extremely large amount of deferral, even into the second and third quarter of their payments from the hogs that they had delivered the prior year. That was down drastically this year. And that's the impact that you're seeing in the operating cash flow.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Jeremy, the biggest cause of the reduction in sales had to do with the harvest production. And you are looking at life numbers, so both the prior year and current year have the adjustment of deli going into refrigerated foods. Just going into refrigerated foods.
Jim Sheehan: The Fremont impact in the first quarter was fairly neutral. So when you look at the sourcing cost on the carcass value compared to the prices that we were paid in the comp cost to operate; the impact was neutral, but I would say that one of the areas that we will see a longer term gain is the ability to focus on the value-added products and not having the resources tied up with that commodity operation.
Jim Sheehan: Well, our exposure to the western corn belt and all of these contracts have decreased with the sale of Fremont. As we change the source of Hogs, as we close Fremont; there is going to be some short-term imbalance where we need some time to rebalance our contracts, as contracts come due and we renegotiate those contracts. So right now we have a heavier percentage of grain based contracts than we did last year at this time. And with the volatility that you've seen in the Hog prices, the grains obviously have not decreased in cost as the same rate as the Hog prices have, so that's creating the imbalance right now but we are actively managing our contracts right now that will adjust our supply base to a more balanced approach across all of those multiple formulas.
Jim Sheehan: I would say pre-Fremont sales, I would -- the item that I'd take you to Heather is that it affects all of the free but -- the meat that we get out of Fremont is a carcass value; so we have to take that into account as we negotiate new contracts for Fremont or for Austin, I'm sorry.
Unidentified Analyst: So first one had asked you about some of the pricing changes that you guys have made over the past few quarters. I was curious how they've played out versus your expectations and whether you've seen the expected volume impact associated with those pricing changes. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then second question on the commodity profit decline that we saw in refrigerated foods, I was just curious if you can just give us any thoughts in terms of how you're thinking about this hand wind for the balance of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then my bigger [ph] question is; can you talk a little bit about innovation pipeline for this year. Which are the key areas within the business that you will see acceleration and where do you think you're kind of just doing more modest stuff? That would be helpful, thank you.
