Jeff Ettinger: Good morning everyone. Before we get into this quarter's results, I want to express my appreciation for all the contributions Jody Feragen has made to Hormel Foods. As previously announced, Jody will be retiring as CFO at the end of the fiscal year, so this will be her last earnings call. Jody has been a dynamite CFO. During her tenure, our team has delivered exceptional returns to our shareholders. She was instrumental in helping to complete over $2.7 billion in strategic acquisitions that have transformed our portfolio, and she oversaw close to $1.6 billion in dividends delivered to our shareholders. Jody also led numerous initiatives across the accounting, treasury, information technology, corporate development, and Investor Relations areas that have made our company better. Jody will be missed around the office and we wish her well in her well-earned retirement with her husband, Dwayne. Hormel Foods is fortunate to have a very strong bench of talent throughout our organization and the accounting and finance area is no exception. Jim Sheehan will assume the CFO position upon Jody's retirement with a deep knowledge of all areas of finance and accounting, emanating from his experience at Hormel Foods as Controller, Treasurer, and in numerous other roles. We have the utmost confidence in Jim's leadership and capabilities in this new role. Now on to the results. Earlier today, we announced record third quarter results of $0.36 per share, up 33% from last year. Sales for the quarter were $2.3 billion, up 5%, while volume was up 1%. Three of our five segments reported sales, volume, and earnings growth. Refrigerated foods, Jennie-O Turkey Store, and International, all posted excellent results. Grocery products enjoyed modest top line growth, though earnings were flat for the quarter. The specialty foods segment saw declines in sales and earnings due to the previously announced divestiture of Diamond Crystal Brands in May. I would like to take this opportunity to reconfirm that our long-term goals of 5% sales growth and 10% bottom line growth continue to be a appropriate for our company. While we recognize any given year may deviate from these goals, we believe they are achievable over the long run due to our proven ability to build strong brands that resonate with consumers, innovate in categories where we compete, make strategic acquisitions and achieve balanced growth in various market conditions. For the past two years, we have also provided segment margin ranges. These ranges were intended to offer enhanced clarity to our business. Unfortunately, we believe they have added elements of confusion as they have not always been aligned with our primary performance goals of 5% topline and 10% bottom line growth, and they were not intended to be quarterly ranges. In light of this, we have decided to curtail the practice of providing segment level ranges going forward. However, we will provide an updated total company margin target during the fourth quarter call that we feel is achievable over the next three to five years. This long-term total company margin target will be consistent with and supported by our company growth goals. I will now turn the call over to Jim Snee, who will take you through each segment.
Jeff Ettinger: Appreciate the question, Akshay. Really, our company's focus is on meeting the five and 10 goals. We found that providing the individual segment operating margin ranges seem to sometimes distract from these goals. And honestly, we've not proven to be overly accurate in estimating the margins for each segment. Things come up, the Jennie-O AI issue, the DCB divestiture, et cetera, and you're dealing with variables of both sales and earnings for each business unit when you get into a margin like that. I'd point to our performance at Jennie-O Turkey Store this quarter is a good example of why we believe the segment margin percentages may be a less meaningful measure. On an operating percentage basis, you could look at Q3 and say oh, that was a bad quarter for Jennie-O Turkey Store because its operating margins fell, but this would obscure the fact that Jennie-O Turkey Store delivered a $20 million improvement in segment profit for the quarter. Honestly, we're seeking to deliver sales and earnings dollars and not specific percentages.
Jeff Ettinger: That's a great question, Akshay, and I think it's -- in any given year, top or bottom line numbers can significantly overperform and we've seen that over the last decade, right. We've had years where we've overperformed on one of those variables and underperformed on the other. But, we are focused on the long-term aspect of that. In terms of what's happening in the industry, we've talked frequently about our balanced model. And so, we do believe that for every action, there's a reaction and so as these additional capacity comes online, there's excess supply and things that will happen on the input cost side of the business. And so, we believe that our balanced model will allow us to weather any storm if you will. And I think that's supported by the fact that we've had 27 out of 30 years of earnings growth and this year obviously will be 28 out of 31. So that's our position.
Jeff Ettinger: DCB we have provided on an annualized basis that was in the $250 million range and the quarters were relatively consistent. Jody can provide you a little color on the Justin's transaction cost.
Jeff Ettinger: I mean our ultimate goal is to sell a higher mix of branded value-added items which kind of absent the switches of market conditions should over time make our net sales be a stronger growth vehicle than volume inherently. There clearly are franchises within the company that are more responsive to markets or bacon pricing or pork pricing or [indiscernible] would be more along those lines. But, most of the grocery portfolio is less that way. Jennie-O Turkey Store has been able to hold their pricing on a stronger basis. We have a lot of franchises that we're really excited about that we think are at least 5% growing franchises, many of which did quite well this quarter and so we kind of talked in past calls that we were a little disappointed with our top line but had felt it was trending in the right direction and indeed Q3 showed an acceleration of that trend and we look at that favorably now heading into next year.
Jeff Ettinger: It also may depend, Rob, this is Jeff, on what products you're talking about. Clearly, we've talked about trade pack quite a bit. It has a certain share position. It has the unique element that it competes not only against other ground Turkey brands, but significantly against ground beef. But there's a lot of other pieces of both the retail and deli component of Jennie-O. They would each have their own set of numbers in that regard.
Jeff Ettinger: Yes. I think, Jeremy, our position on that is clearly we're focused on the effectiveness and our ability to not only deliver a return for us, but for the retail partner. And so we continue to look at categories individually and where there's opportunity to be effective with additional spending. We certainly will take advantage of that. But can't tell you today that there's a significant specific plan in any one given category.
Jeff Ettinger: Thanks, Savannah. This is Jeff Ettinger. I'll go ahead and conclude the call for us. So, as some of you may have heard we actually celebrated our company's 125th anniversary recently here in July. This provided us an unique opportunity to bring many of our company's employees together to celebrate the occasion. After visiting with these employees from across the company I've never been more optimistic about our company's future and our ability to deliver growth. I'm very proud of our team's performance this quarter and I look forward to continued excellent results going forward. I want to thank you all for joining us today.
Jody Feragen: So pork operating margins for this year were a bit higher than we had initially expected on our Q2 call, really supported by great supply of hogs, which provided favorable pricing on that environment, and then continued strong demand supporting the cut-out. As far as fiscal 2017, we just started our process. We would expect them to be somewhat similar to fiscal 2016 at this point in time.
Jody Feragen: So we've had -- didn't consider them material to be a call-out specifically for the quarter, but they amounted to between transaction costs and step-up in inventory accounting, they amounted to about $3 million. Grocery products really a lot of their segment margin change was a significant increase in advertising for that segment.
Jody Feragen: I don't have those offhand, but we guided that Justin's in fiscal 2017 was going to be about $100 million. I'd say we only own -- had them for a part of the -- Applegate is basically we're lapping that now, coming in the fourth quarter, so I don't have those specifics with me.
Jody Feragen: So we're probably one of the few companies that actually uses these special accounting treatment for hedge accounting, which allows you to put the mark-to-market gains or losses in any quarter on your balance sheet and then it's recognized as it flows through cost of goods when the Turkeys come to the plant basically or as the feed is consumed. What happens when you technically become ineffective, which is a regression analysis comparing futures prices to cash markets and because of some anomalies in the cash markets this quarter, you can have them go ineffective and you recognize all the gains and losses in your P&L. So we believe a one-time impact. It's recognizing some losses that would have been recognized through the future, but they're just hitting all in one period, which kind of skews Jennie-O's results. So Nathan's really well acquainted with hedge accounting so if you want a follow-up primer on that he'd be a great one to talk to.
Jody Feragen: No, I would look at the bump from Q3 tax impact as about $0.02 and then we have the negative hedging impact in Jennie-O that partially offsets it by another -- by my math, another $0.01. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter will be similar to what our ongoing rate has been. So getting to a full year effective tax rate with the lower one in the third quarter overall it's not going to be driven by taxes.
Jody Feragen: I would just add to Jim's comment that we saw quite a run-up in trim, which is an input on a lot of the grocery products items. So while they experienced favorable cost of goods in a lot of areas that was one area that did negatively impact them.
Jody Feragen: I would just add that as we transition particularly when you look at Applegate that is a more of a sales driven business than a volume driven, and as we continue to value-add the portfolio, volumes become a little less meaningful as you compare to prior quarters or years that may have had more of a commodity element.
Jody Feragen: So, really we kind of look at our share repurchase as being an opportunity to offset stock option exercises. We still believe that using that as a compensation element is appropriate to drive our business. So we're constrained because of the ownership of the Hormel foundation at about 48% to 49% these days. So we've agreed that they should be under 50%. So that would be the biggest constraint. Obviously, took advantage of some pressure on our stock this past quarter to be in the market and acquire some of those shares.
Jim Snee: And Akshay, this is Jim, if I could piggyback on Jeff's comments. I think we want to be clear that we are still providing segment specific guidance when it comes to their expected contribution to those overall five and 10 goals. I think what we've learned is that some of the discussion around segment margins can be very short-term focused versus our goal of focusing on some of the long-term measures such as these corporate growth goals. And so it will be business as usual, be holding the business units accountable the same way we have in the past. There are no incentive changes, so we will be managing the business in the same way we have.
Jim Snee: Sure. Adam, this is Jim. I think on the sales side of the business, we see positive momentum in brands such as Muscle Milk. Certainly Jennie-O and the work that they've done with the ground Turkey business there and getting back on air that make the switch. The addition of the Justin's business, the SKIPPY brand, Wholly Guacamole, Herdez coming out of our MegaMex joint venture. From a food service perspective we're really positive about the work that team's been doing. Our Bacon 1 Fully Cooked Bacon, Natural Choice out of refrigerated foods. So there's a lot of excitement and momentum that we believe will continue in 2017.
Jim Snee: So Mario, this is Jim. And it would be on a reported basis as we look into 2017. And we recognize we've had many consecutive quarters of great results and obviously a key concern is whether we really can grow in 2017. So I talked in the last question about the sales side of the business and the positive momentum that we're seeing. Another thing that obviously we believe in and it served us well is our balanced business model. So we've got a favorable outlook on key inputs, such as pork, beef, grains. That really is going to combine with the sales momentum that will allow us to submit a plan to our Board of Directors that will show growth in earnings in 2017. And clearly we'll give you a more precise look and range in November on the call.
Jim Snee: As I commented, obviously the supply ramped up throughout the quarter and that's really the best position for the Jennie-O Turkey Store business to be in. And as we look across the business, there was strong food service performance, strong business in the deli area of the business. The retail distribution has continued to be a battle but the team is having success. The trays continue to do very well and we recognize that there is competition in the meat case but this is not unusual. There's been other times in the Jennie-O Turkey Store history where they faced this type of competition and we do believe that we're seeing the growth that we deserve. And we believe that the brand and the product lines continue to be on trend with consumers and over time we'll continue to get expanded distribution and share.
Jim Snee: Sure. I think our challenge has been clearly we're just ramping up supply. And so we have talked about the geographic expansion that we did have to put on hold last year and early this year. And so that's part of the solution, Rob. I think what we're talking about here is regaining even some of the existing distribution that perhaps we weren't able to supply last year. So it's really a combination of both those things. And there's no doubt that there is competition in the meat case, but I guess I would just reiterate that it's not unusual, we've been there before and for us the bigger issue, the bigger message is that this product line, Jennie-O ground Turkey, is on trend with consumers over the long-term.
Jim Snee: Sure. Ken, this is Jim. Again, from a sales perspective or brand perspective, clearly very pleased with the work the team did on continuing to grow the SPAM franchise. The SKIPPY business, the introduction of SKIPPY pb bites continues to go well. Our Mexican foods portfolio also continues to perform well. As we mentioned, we did have some increased advertising cost but that's -- from our perspective, a positive to support the ongoing and future brand growth. And there's no doubt, we have a couple of areas in the units that are work in process. The chunk meats category, which it's not a huge part of the portfolio, but that's become competitive and our team is working on really taking a different approach with the product offerings that we have there. Again, we talked about Compleats being down and we're working very strategically to expand the availability of some of the value tier offerings and really increasing the sales or unit rates. And so for them it was a mixed bag, but I think we still feel very positive on the outlook for grocery products going forward. I think one other thing to consider for this quarter, it would be more of a product mix issue. Some of the canned items are not typically high sellers at this time of year. But overall, feel very positive about the transformation of the portfolio and where GP's headed.
Jim Snee: Jeremy, good morning. This is Jim. I think just as a reminder, when we took over the Applegate business, clearly we knew that there were some raw material or supply issues in terms of supporting that business. And then, those were compounded with the outbreak of Avian influenza. So in the short-term, the team has worked really hard to get raw material supply back in place and we feel good about where we are today. So that certainly made the volume growth a battle for the team and so we had to regain some lost distribution. But the growth, we've seen some growth, we've seen some increased distribution. From our perspective, we love the brand, we love what the future holds for the brand and again, on a short-term basis it's clearly on target to deliver what we said it would deliver at the time of acquisition.
Jim Snee: I mean I think, again, as we think about the different parts of the refrigerated foods portfolios, our meat products team continues to be focused on the value-added items and they're doing a nice job. Our food service business continues to outperform the industry and we expect that to continue. The Applegate business will continue to show growth that we've got returns of supply. So overall we feel good about that portfolio as well.
Jeremy Scott: A couple questions on Applegate. Can you talk about the volume performance for this brand since you've taken over. Have some great penetration in some of the upper scale retail channels that are still growing. Just wondering what the outlook for Applegate here on the volume side and what it's been in the past year.
Jeremy Scott: Okay. Just on the follow-up to a previous question, how do you view -- when you start to lap Applegate in the fourth quarter, where do you see volumes trending? As we look now at a more organic basis for refrigerated foods.
Jeremy Scott: Got it. And then, last question. In the past you've been able to repurchase shares as the M&A pipeline thinned out a bit. What is your opportunity to scale up buybacks over the coming years and can you walk us through your thought process there and some of the hurdles.
