Jim Snee: Good morning, Rupesh. We agree with you. The word that we used is we're disappointed, and these are not results that we expected. But I do think it's important that even with that disappointment, to remember just how far we've come with our supply chain and everything they've been through over the last three years. We go back to, obviously, the COVID impact when plants were shut down, and we didn't have labor. And then when we did have labor, it was turning over. And so we are in a more stable operating environment for sure. And so fill rates continue to improve, labor is better and production capacity across key categories for us is good. But as we think about Quarter 1 that -- in the context of our -- this dynamic and volatile environment is a bit more explainable. We talked about China. That's easy to understand. Foodservice had a period of softness, but their business continues to be strong and will stay strong for the balance of the year. We mentioned Planters, which we met our expectations last year, but are seeing a slower start this year, and we know what we need to get done there, and then avian influenza still battling that. So we've said since the fall, we've been operating with elevated inventories. We wanted to get fill rates up. We needed more inventory to support our expanded network. The big thing here is probably a misalignment of our inventory and our demand because we expected the inventory to clear, it didn't and it hasn't. And it's resulted in inefficiencies across the supply chain and higher operating costs when we think about product and warehouses and probably moving it more than we had expected. And so those are real dollars that impacted us in the quarter. And then the other thing is we want to be careful when we talk about inventory because as we progress throughout the year, it's not going to be as simple as just looking at a dollar amount to gauge how we're doing. Mix is huge in our portfolio. When we think about pounds versus dollars impacts of markets, a potential rebound in turkey, times when we may be building inventory to support customer promotional activity. All those things are part of our inventory mix. And really, for us, we'll be talking to all of you, just like we're doing today in a very transparent manner to say is our demand -- or is our inventory aligned with our demand. And that's really going to be the key indicator going forward. So we're disappointed where we are, but we know what we need to do and probably said the most simple way possible is that after almost three years of chasing this unprecedented demand, supply caught demand and we needed to react sooner and we didn't.
Jim Snee: Yes. I'll go ahead and start on that, Rupesh. I mean I think there's a couple of things there that we need to talk about just to level set those comments. I mean the first thing is we're a much larger company today than we were two years ago. And it's not just the Planters acquisition. That's part of it. But we've seen significant growth in our business. We haven't stopped acting on our strategic priorities. Everything that we've talked about in terms of becoming more balanced, transforming our company. We've continued to move that forward, all while navigating this crazy current environment and managing through avian influenza. And so when we say that we've learned a lot about our people. We have the right people as we've gone through our GoFWD initiative, we just need to make sure that we have them doing the right work and GoFWD will help with that. When we talk about processes, as we've integrated our businesses, there are processes that will need a refresh. When we think about inventory, pricing decisions, brand resourcing, and GoFWD will help with that as well. And then on the technology side, I'll maybe let Jacinth add some color there.
Jim Snee: Yes, we did also say that we had across all segments, some volume softness. So we certainly had a lot of brands and categories that did really well. We talked about Planters being off to a slower start. So that's a part of it. And we did also talk about that period of time with our foodservice business where we had softness. And so that, too, is part of it. The foodservice piece will experience growth for the balance of the year, less concerned about that. But it's really -- I mean it's a little bit across the part to consider is what we're talking about with our supply chain is there's a level of overproduction as well. And so as we've gotten better in our supply chain and wanted to run it more productively, more efficiently, they've been running hard, and we've built that inventory. In some cases, that inventory is not aligned with the demand. And so that's really our issue is it's a little bit across the board on the product side or I'll say the sales side. And then across on the supply chain side, this overproduction, which built the inventory.
Jim Snee: Exactly. Yes. Rob, I mean that's exactly -- and I said that a little while ago, if we go back over the last three years, everything that we've been through and that -- those different scenarios of, you're right, not having people. And then when we were getting people, they were turning over. And now that we're getting people, we're keeping people. The plants are running more productively and more efficiently. And our goal is to make sure that we're getting up to fill rates, and that we do have some production capacity. So our plants have gotten better. And like I said, in some cases, they've out-produced demand, and that is definitely part of the problem.
Jim Snee: Yes, I think a couple of things there, Rob, and I'll turn it over to Deanna. As we think about Planters in the short term, it is about execution, driving demand and also the mix. We've said this multiple times, and it just bears restating is that we did deliver on our year one commitments. We've maintained some stable distribution. And we've seen some channel shifting with the businesses as well. But the demand is certainly lower versus our expectations in Q1. And so as we're thinking about this business now, it's really what are we going to do in the short term from an execution perspective. And Deanna, I'll let you add some color there.
Jim Snee: Yes. So on the turkey side, the numbers that we've been talking about have come through that turkey has been down high 20s, 30% in terms of volume, and we expect that through the first half or now the second quarter of this year and expect volumes to rebound in the back half of the year. And that's all with the assumption that we don't have another significant AI outbreak like we did last year and then, of course, some events into the winter months. On the pork side, we are now just lapping that supply agreement. And so as we go throughout the balance of the year, the comps will be more normalized.
Jim Snee: Yes, Ben, I think the way you described it there at the end of your question is correct. I mean there are inventory issues in both, but retail is currently more. As you talked about the foodservice pricing and sales, the element of that is, and we've talked about this frequently is we have seen some commodity relief and on the foodservice side of the business, they're able to price closer to the market. The pricing is a lot more fluid.
Jim Snee: Yes. Again, Ben, that's a very fair assessment. And we said that, that we have seen early in the second quarter. The China foodservice business has seen a nice uptick or a nice rebound as consumer or Chinese population seems to be making their way through COVID and are now heading back out. So we've seen foodservice up on the retail side of the business. We're really excited about the continued innovation that we've been able to deliver. The other thing, when we built that plant several years ago, we put in a SPAM line and our SPAM business has done really well, especially our SPAM Singles business. And so we've seen that continue to grow on the retail side to the point where we'll be making some additional investments to support that growth. But your take on China is exactly what we're seeing and how we're thinking about it.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Tom, I'll start with that first question. So we didn't have any difficulty sourcing pork products for production. What we have said is it’s just the decline is what we would have normally had coming at us that we don’t today. So we used to have to sell it. Today, we don’t. That’s what we are talking about for the pork decline. The turkey is -- absolutely not enough turkey coming through to support the business. But as we think about the inventory across the entire portfolio, you are right. I mean it’s not all Planter. I mean that’s part of it. When we think about -- as I described earlier, some of it is inventory that has been built for promotion. So think SPAM as we get into bigger promotions throughout the year. We do have elevated inventories of ribs. We have some elevated inventories of complete bacon bits. So it is a mixed bag, other perishable refrigerated items. So it's a mixed bag across the inventory that we have and the portfolio. And so yes, we're not trying to pin this on any one item or one category. I mean, it is broad-based.
Jim Snee: No, that's okay. Peter, we're not going to have the same kind of vertical structure within foodservice just because it doesn't -- I mean the industry doesn't even really think about it that way. What we will try to do over time is provide you more color. So for example, in this quarter as we integrated the JOTS business, and we've talked about how that is going to be a benefit to both the JOTS business and the Hormel business, a channel like K-12, our school business, had a really good quarter. So we'll continue to try to provide that type of color but from, I'll say, a typical reporting, it will all roll up just into foodservice.
Jim Snee: Yes. No, it's a really good question. And so no, we have not moved off of our top line guidance. We know that there's a turkey uncertainty and expect that to come back in the back half of the year. The other part of this is our foodservice business. And so even though we had some softness for a period of time in the first quarter, we expect growth for the balance of the year. So those really are two drivers. And then as we expect our international business to come back with some of those challenges abating, we do believe that we'll be able to deliver that top line. And then the second part of that question, we're not getting that pressure from retailers in terms of keep more inventory. As Jacinth said earlier, we know how to run this business. And historically, we've had very, very strong fill rates. It's obviously some of the supply chain challenges that we've had over the last two, three years that have prevented us from getting to those fill rates. But slowly but surely, we are getting those fill rates back to where they were. And so we were able to operate the way that we did pre-pandemic. That's really the expectation.
Jim Snee: And I think it's important to know, Michael, these are things that we knew when we bought the business. We knew that there was going to have to be some packaging innovation, which we did last year with the new bottle and then also some capacity investments. So it was existing packaging, but we saw that as an opportunity. It was just a matter of what the timing was that we were going to need it. And then as Deanna mentioned, we've seen really, really strong growth since Day 1 for the corn nuts business, and we don't expect that to slow down.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think for now, it was -- we took out the previous private equity owner. That was the big stake that was for sale. So for us, it was the right size at the right time. And again, I mean, we've been a partner with them, but it's early days, and we still need to learn about the business, about the market. We know it supports our two strategic initiatives for adding scale and snacking, entertaining and developing that global presence. And so as we go along, we certainly think there will be opportunities for us to -- if the business delivers for us to take a bigger position.
Jim Snee: Yes, Adam, we have not changed the outlook for the turkey business at all. You're right that we've seen lower breast meat markets. But the turkey business is still in a very favorable position. Turkey demand is strong. The value-added portion of the business continues to do well. And as we get more meat, we'll be able to fill more of that. We know that whole birds cleared really well this holiday season. And that bodes well as we head into the next holiday season. And then I do think for us, this is all about what happens with AI, and we'll know a lot more here in the next couple of months as to what, if any, impact it will have in the business. But yes, we've not changed our outlook and feel like there's still plenty of opportunities to drive a strong performance even as the breast meat market has gone lower.
Jim Snee: Yes. So Adam, I mean, the flow of the product through the sales side really hasn't changed. And we've had the bacon example you mentioned, we've had it going into retail, and we've had it going into foodservice the same way that we always have. If anything, this structure actually centralizes and creates less confusion in terms of who has responsibility with -- Deanna now overseeing retail. And it's really, really helpful. We do have elements of our incentive that are -- that do take into account return on invested capital. We use that more as a modifier to make sure that the team continues to keep an eye on that because we know how important it is. But we're not -- we don't have any plans to change the rate of that as an element of compensation. We feel like we've got the proper oversight to drive improvement over time.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And another important point to just mention here, Rupesh, is that as we have this elevated inventory, what it does is also just delay us from recognizing and benefiting from some of the costs coming down. When we think about freight rates, markets coming down, we haven't really been able to realize those, and that's been delayed. We talked about it in the fourth quarter that we should see that relief here and those benefits showing up in our margins this quarter, and that's been delayed as well and affecting where we're sitting right now from a guidance perspective.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. So from a short-term perspective, we are probably just a level set, I mean, this team knows how to manage inventory. And so what we're doing in the immediate term here is just returning to that pre-pandemic discipline when we think about S&OE and the process that is aligned with ensuring that we're listening to demand signal, connecting our commercial team with our supply chain team and getting all our supply planning aligned. And so that's what we're doing in the immediate term. And then from a long-term perspective, we have made significant investment from a systems and technology standpoint with Project Orion. And we paused that intentionally as we were integrating Planters, integrating JOTS and that was purposeful to get those done correctly. And now we're now continuing that work to enhance our S&OP and our end-to-end planning and be able to leverage our technology and our people to get us to the next level.
Jacinth Smiley: So in terms of the retail component, it will be somewhere around 80%. And then on the foodservice side, I mean, there wouldn't be anything that you would actually see…
Jacinth Smiley: Sure. Thanks, Michael. The capacity expansion specifically addressed the continued evolution of snacking as well as C-store and club channel. So the capacity we're adding a specific packaging. That really is on trend with how consumers want to snack today, when you think about the tube nut in particular, both in a singular purchase as well as in a club variety. The additional capacity is really designed to help us continue to meet the demand, which is exceptional there. And then the other area of growth that we haven't talked about that is really a hidden gem in the portfolio is the core nut business, and some really great flavors that are coming to market. And as we think of the convenience store business, really the 100 days of summer is where that business really comes to life. So adding capacity both for C-store and club store is where we're leaning into right now.
Jacinth Smiley: Yes. And just for -- just to clarify or just to emphasize, the GoFWD structure hasn't in any way mudded up the waters in terms of how we look at the business and how incentives are aligned to drive the results. It actually does a complete opposite. And now there is very clear delineation and transparency in terms of objectives in driving the results and the outcome for the business.
Deanna Brady: Yes, sure. Thanks, Rob. Just as we think about it, we knew this business was where it was when we acquired it. And again, we were interested in this business from the snacking perspective and really is a long-term ambition for us. So when we think about plant-based protein, entertaining, snacking and our ambitions for C-store, those still remain front and center. In the short term, we do have execution challenges, in particular, our base business, which is a top priority for the team. When I also look to Q1, that was when we cut over the inventory from the prior owner. So there is some noise there and some things that happened in the quarter as well as we inherited some distribution losses right out of the gate that the team has been working against. And as we head into Q2, we'll recover some of those important distribution points that will really help stabilize the base business. We're really energized by the innovation. I was with our Planters R&D and marketing team earlier this week, and the pipeline of innovation that this team has in front of us for both the rest of '23, '24 and beyond is exceptional and really energizing in regards to where they see this business going. When we talk about innovation, you'll also see innovation launch in this quarter, both in the core business as well as in our C-store business. You mentioned Super Bowl. We did have a really fun Super Bowl ad that was really centered on peanut because we do know that the consumers are thinking about the mix of nuts and snacking right now, and peanuts are really valuable item for them. So reminding them of how much fun Planters peanuts can be as well as the protein they deliver and a great snacking option. We'll see that. It wasn't just a 30-second commercial. You'll see activation both before the event, after the event and really leads us into the quarter as we activate some of the other seasonal launches later in the year. The other thing to think about is not only that this business was starved and we've been investing both from an advertising perspective, from an innovation standpoint, as I mentioned, and then also from a capacity standpoint. So for us to grow this business, we need to add capacity, which we've invested in, in regards to tube nuts for the C-store channel as well as the club channel, and we'll see that come online here later this year and into next. We also have work to do with the portfolio. Frankly, the assortment and price pack architecture. It's a big portfolio, and we know there's optimization that will allow us to unlock growth in really, again, just thinking about where we're at with this business. We acquired the business. Last year, we integrated the business. And right now, we're executing the business, and we know we've got work to do, but really confident in what I saw this week with the teams and where we're headed into Q2 and the rest of the year.
Deanna Brady: Yes. So it's very interesting because it's a bit bipolar in that you've got some categories where the elasticities are playing out exactly as expected. We've got other categories where the consumer has acknowledged the change in price on shelf and continues to purchase in their regular cycles. I would say where we're seeing more elasticity would be in areas that could be higher rings. So thinking of like a fully cooked rack of ribs, we've seen some demand declines there. Obviously, having other areas for the consumer to shift to, so take a tub of barbecue or a dinner entree that has a lower price ring, but still allows or meets the same consumer need of putting dinner on the table. So making sure that, as you mentioned, that we're promoting our products and pulsing in some of those areas and that we're advertising and making sure our consumers understand the value of our products and how they can utilize them speaks to the breadth of our portfolio. We've always talked about why it's valuable to have products at different price points and that meet different consumer need states, and it's exceedingly important right now.
Deanna Brady: Yes, Tom, thanks. This is Deanna. I'll jump in there. So we still have wraparound pricing that's flowing through. We took several price increases last year, and some of those are still flowing through. We have a chunk of the portfolio that is currently in price increases, roughly about 5%. We've taken a very mindful approach to our pricing and thinking about elasticities, volumes, where we've added capacity. Obviously, we want to make sure that we're able to leverage that capacity. And so we've tried to be very mindful. So we've taken multiple price increases probably in smaller increments than some of our competitors have announced. And really, the increases we're taking are justified for inflation. And so -- and we'll continue to monitor that. We've got the ones, as I mentioned, that are already in the quarter happening, and we've got a few other categories that we're evaluating as we sit today.
