Jim Snee: Great. Yeah, thanks, Adam. I think, the best place to start is to remember that, I mean, our underlying portfolio here is showing growth. And as we called out in the remarks, there is a significant downturn in the turkey business, especially in Retail, with the biggest impact we expect in Q1 and Q4. More specifically to your question about how we think about the range, the range is consistent with what we've had in the past. And we take into account all of our traditional assumptions. But as we think about what could move us higher, better-than-expected volume mix, depending on what does happen with the turkey market, we've got this fall outbreak that just continues to escalate, that can certainly have an impact going forward. The other part is, as we think about the work that's underway already for some of our savings initiatives, our ability to over deliver there. On the flip side, the same holds true on turkey markets, right? If we continue to see some of those declines, that would take us to the other side. And then, I think the part that we're all watching very closely is what's happening with some of the macro issues. In our business specifically, what's going to happen in our International business, the China recovery. When we think about price elasticities in Retail, how do those impact the business for 2024. And so, those are the things that we're thinking about and watching. But, again, when we roll this business up, we feel like we're in a good place that we've built in the right amount of risk when we think about the turkey business, the right amount of growth in the underlying portfolio which, from a retail perspective, absent turkey, we're seeing growth across almost all of the retail verticals. Foodservice will continue its strong performance. And we do expect International to start to recover after Q1. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more clarity on that range.
Jim Snee: Yeah, I mean, Rupesh, I think the elasticities that Deanna is talking about, we know that we're back to pre-2019 level. So, we have to be thoughtful about how we're -- what levers and how we're pulling them, when we think about pricing, when we think about promotion, when we think about advertising, making sure that we are connecting with that consumer to drive the demand. But -- I mean, we also understand the amount of pricing that's gone into all these categories over the last couple of years, and it's been very, very significant. And I don't believe that consumers have fully digested all of the pricing that has still come through. So, I think it's a work in process. To Deanna's point about our positions in the category, that's really, really important as we think about those number one and number two positions that we hold. But through all of it, I think, again, the key takeaway here is this underlying portfolio, ex-turkey, in Retail especially, is planned to show volume growth in 2024.
Jim Snee: Yeah, great. Thanks, Peter. I mean, I think the macro discussion has been filled with a lot of different information. When we think about some of the economic uncertainties that are showing up in these elasticities, we have talked about the reduction in SNAP, obviously, we're talking about interest rates being high, and as rates go up, that's taking more people's money, student loan mortgages, which all of that can lead to a depleted or lower position. And -- so, what's interesting for us is, I think, again, as we go through this category by category, we're seeing different behavior in these different categories. And so, we have some premium categories that continue to do very well. To your point, I think in the short term, some of the center store items have been pressured and there could be a link back to some of the reduced SNAP or other -- the macroeconomic issues. I think, again, to Deanna's point, our job is to be able to restore that growth and how do we do that by connecting with the consumer, reminding them of the value of our portfolio and making sure that we're pulling the right levers, whether it's promotion or advertising. Those are the things that we do. And so, we appreciate and understand that there might be some short-term impact, but we also know that we know how to navigate through this situation. And then, I would -- I don't know, Deanna, if there's anything that you would want to add to that conversation.
Jim Snee: Yeah, I think, Michael, the question you're asking about what's it going to take. I think the turkey supply situation is in a unique situation right now because we had supply coming back. And obviously, as supply was coming back, there was a lot of work being done to restore the demand side of the business. And I don't think those were yet perfectly aligned. So, I do believe from a supply side, as we sit here today, the supply is adequate to support the business. Now, how long does it support the business? How long do some of these outbreaks last? I think that -- those are the uncertainties and the volatility that we talk about in this outlook. And so, as we do think about what we've built in to our outlook, we expect the turkey headwind across the enterprise to be about $0.10. And big part of that is it's a high volume business when we think about the whole turkey business. Again, you go from all-time high to dropping below a five-year average, and then, where does it go from here. And so, as we sit and -- as we sat and worked through it, that was our estimate in terms of the impact of the business. Now, I think the other part of this to remember is, our job is to continue to set this business up for success. And so, we continue to talk about right-sizing and optimizing this business' portfolio so that it does become more demand-driven, more value-added. Think about lean ground turkey, the work that we're doing on the Foodservice side of the business, work in the K-12 channel. So, I mean, all of that factors into our outlook as we're thinking about that in 2024.
Jim Snee: Yeah, thanks, Ben. There's a couple of things at play there that have us confident beyond Q1. The first thing is when we talk about some of the impact of the price elasticities on our branded business, we've done a lot of work to, again, pull the right levers to drive demand, and we've been able to have a positive impact. And so, we do believe that we'll see the branded export business pick up beyond Q1, and that'll carry us through the balance of the year. The second part is this improvement in our business in China. And so, it's early in 2024, but we are seeing some moderate improvement across Foodservice and Retail. But we're expecting that to accelerate as we move throughout the year. And then, the third thing really is there was a commodity impact to International this year. And so, as we continue to build demand on turkey and other pork items elsewhere, that's less that International will be exporting at lower margins. So, we will expect to see that improvement also as we progress throughout the year. So, really those three factors are what are leading to us to have that optimistic outlook beyond Q1.
Jim Snee: Yeah, great. Good morning, Ben. The biggest thing as we head into '24 for Foodservice, a lot of the industry indicators are really stable, and in some cases, improving. And so, we think that for us, obviously, allows us to continue to run our business the way we always have, because it's well-positioned and I know it's a bit repetitive. But when we talk about the portfolio that we've designed to solve for operator challenges and limited labor, I mean, that continues to be in our wheelhouse and in our sweet spot. But then, also, thinking about innovation, in our Investor Day, we've talked about the innovation that the team is working on and introducing to the marketplace, continuing to find different categories to make a difference for those operators. The other thing is we've talked about the value-added capacity that we have in key categories such as bacon, pizza toppings, and turkey. And then, this continued evolution of the work that they're doing in the C-Stores with the addition of Planters and a more retail-focused portfolio there. And all of that's complemented by leaning into a world-class culinary team, innovation team, and really this food-forward mentality, if you will. So again, when you think about all the different pieces that can impact Foodservice, it really does remain well-positioned for growth in fiscal year 2024.
Jim Snee: I would just interrupt there, Ben, I think we did talk about this in our Investor Day is that, we've got, as I just mentioned for Foodservice, available capacity. So, some of the CapEx investments that we've been making over the last several years, we won't have to make this year. And so, while the dollar amount remains the same, the mix of projects in there will be different.
Jim Snee: And the work that we're going to do to support our brands, Ben, when we think about advertising and continuing to support the brands in the marketplace, that remains high, high priority for us.
Jim Snee: Yes, thank you. And I want to thank all of you for joining us today. While 2023 didn't play out quite like we had planned, there were a lot of great accomplishments that will set this company up for future success. I remain confident we have the right strategy, brands, people, and culture to deliver growth well into the future. Again, thank you for joining us today, and I hope you all have a happy holiday season.
Deanna Brady: Thanks. Good morning. As we think about pricing, we've had a lot of pricing over the last two years. A lot of that pricing has been reactive. And as we sit here today, we are in a position to be thinking about it proactively. First of all, we'll be leveraging our modernized revenue growth management practices and really taking a robust look at our flagship and our rising brands, which are designed to drive higher growth. We're investing in those brands for growth. And as we think about those brands and their position in the category, we'll be thinking about the COGS and whether the commodity inputs to those areas are suggesting an increase. We'll also be thinking about what is our long-term ambition and what are the needs for us to be able to invest into these brands to continue to grow. And so, some of that will require some consideration in regards to pricing so that we can have additional dollars for trade as well as advertising and innovation. As we think about elasticities, elasticities in our mind and what we're seeing are back to the pre-COVID levels. And so, it's important that we take those elasticities very seriously because they are moving, and moving pretty quickly. The other factors that we're thinking about is our position in the category. And definitely at this point, we'll be more targeted and surgical about our reaction. And then my final thing is, it doesn't have to be price as well. There's obviously trade. And trade, prior to COVID again, was pretty -- there's a lot of categories that are pretty inelastic. And so, there are dollars to be considered from a trade perspective that we can redirect those dollars into other tactics that will enable us to grow the business. Thanks.
Deanna Brady: Good morning, Rupesh. Thanks, Jim. It's really category by category. We've got areas of the business that I'll say are somewhat consistent with where the promotional activity has been. We have other areas and other categories where it is increased. So, think of lunch meat, think of chicken, poultry areas, we're seeing more aggressive pricing and promotion activity, which is a little counterintuitive. When we think about it holistically though, from a promotional standpoint, there's an opportunity to reset promotions to ensure that we have the most effective promotions for the consumer, for the customer, and for our brands and business. And so that's really the evolution of our revenue growth management and our pricing teams working hand-to-hand with our customers and customer teams is really ensuring that we have the best and most productive promotions out there. That's really what's going to be impactful to helping drive the business for growth and not just continue to dissolve base business and lower the category both in volume and dollars. Thank you.
Deanna Brady: The only thing I would add is, it's very fluid. We're watching it all very closely. I was talking to Jim and Jacinth yesterday, and I commented that I didn't used to keep such a close eye on the four-week turns, but in this environment, four weeks actually are signaling things. An example is, the last four weeks in our convenient meals and protein category showed an improvement over what we saw in the fourth quarter in some of those areas where we felt that there was pullback from the consumer. And so, we're keeping a close watch really on all our categories, our consumer, and working closely with our customers to navigate the macro environment that the consumer is facing. Thanks.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, good morning, Peter. So, yes, we do have that's coming due -- we have $950 million coming due here early June. We did not give guidance on the interest numbers. We certainly are working through and looking at options to pay down that debt. We haven't landed in a spot yet. What I can tell you though, we have definitely baked in higher interest expense in the numbers that we have guided to here for the year.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, no, certainly. Good morning. So, to add to what Jim has just stated here, we laid out a plan that gets us to $250 million over the three years in operating profit. And so, the way we are thinking about that, there is $200 million squarely focused on the supply chain component, which is around the plan, buy, make, move pieces of the workstreams that we're working through, and that will show up in a couple different places. Pieces may show up in our -- in COGS and other piece may definitely will show up through the -- and ultimately through the margin line, but really driving margin expansion for the business and getting us back to our margin profile and growth rate for the company. Then there is another $25 million of that, that is around the strategic value capture of the business. And then, more than $25 million or so is then the underlying core business that will grow over that period of time. So, all in all, over $25 million -- $250 million of expansion from an operating margin perspective. And it doesn't stop and we have that going out to 2026 is how we've messaged it. But what we should think about is that it doesn't just stop there, that the benefits will carry on beyond 2026.
Jacinth Smiley: Good morning. So, the short answer to that is no. So, over this period, we're executing the transformation and modernization, which we have, at the moment, [bookend] (ph) until 2026. We will be in a non-GAAP reporting methodology during that period of time, primarily to just really give good visibility to the underlying core performance of our business and so that there is no confusion there, and then to be able to bucketize the savings that's being driven by the transformation and modernization.
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah, good morning. So, from a CapEx perspective, CapEx will be in-line with prior year, and we're expecting it to be around the $280 million mark, with some critical projects, including growth for Planters, our transformation and modernization initiative that that we're undertaking would be some of the core tenants of the major projects that we'll undertake for 2024. And then...
Jacinth Smiley: Yeah. No, that's exactly right. And I think as we think about how we are spending those dollars, I know year-over-year -- and I've gotten the question before in terms of the expectation that we'll spend more, and to Jim's point, because we have made such an investment over the past few years, we do have that capacity. And now those assets that are currently working for us. From a corporate expense perspective, I mean, that will be a little bit -- that'll be increased definitely year-over-year. When we think about the labor agreement that we just entered into, we're continuing to invest as well in our people. So that will increase our SG&A. And then, from just overall benefits and compensation also takes us up year-over-year.
