Jeff Ettinger: It’s nice to be here in New York this morning and to have the opportunity to talk about another fine quarter of results. We are pleased to report strong earnings and sales for the second quarter. Our Q2 earnings of $0.67 per share excluding the one time charges of $0.10 per share associated with the plant closing and the healthcare laws represent a 14% increase over our results of a year ago. Total dollar sales were also up 7% over a year ago. This quarter once again demonstrates the benefit of our balanced business model as the strong performance of our Jennie-O Turkey Store and specialty food segments more than made up for the results of our grocery product and all other segments. I will now take you through each segment. Our grocery product segment reported a dollar sales increase of 6% and a segment operating profit decrease of 2%, the latter after adjusting for the one time charges associated with our Valley Fresh plant closing. Net of the new item sales of Mexican products under the MegaMex foods venture and of the discontinued Carapelli Olive Oil sales, revenues for grocery products would have been flat for the quarter. Stronger sales of our Mexican products and our Hormel Chili and Hormel Mary Kitchen hash products were not able to completely offset the pressure on margins and our Spam family of products and our Hormel Bacon bits items, prompted by higher raw material costs. The increased sales of Hormel Chili and Hormel Mary Kitchen hash resulted from increased distribution and from our new Hormel brand advertising campaign. The campaign is designed to leverage our leading brand strength in numerous categories to promote cross purchase intent. We are pleased with the success of our MegaMex food venture so far as sales of over $120 million through the first half are on pace to easily exceed the base level sales of $200 million on an annualized basis. Our refrigerated food segment reported operating profit up 7% aided by stronger cut out margins compared to a year ago. Sales were also up 7% for refrigerated foods. We enjoyed particularly strong sales of Hormel Party Trays and Hormel Pepperoni, helped in part by new products, in part by our Hormel brand advertising campaign, and in part by the great efforts of our sales organization in generating meaningful and store promotions. We are pleased with the progress in the integration of our recent Country Crock side dish business. Our team has done a good job stabilizing this business during the quarter. We can now provide complete meal solutions to consumers in the refrigerated section of the store complementing our Hormel refrigerated entrees and Lloyd’s Barbeque products. We have begun to see signs of improvement in the food service trade. Sales of our Natural Choice deli meats, Austin Blues Barbeque products and Café H Ethnic products all grew during the quarter. Segment operating profit at our Jennie-O Turkey Store segment increased by a noteworthy 93% with sales up 1%. Jennie-O results came from improved efficiency throughout the entire business. Export sales of dark turkey meat have given us an added boost as thigh meat pricing has remained very strong. Sales increased for Jennie-O in all three value added areas; retail, deli, and food service, led by retail tray pack fresh turkey and rotisserie deli products. We continue to generate excellent exposure for the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand through our sponsorship of The Biggest Loser reality TV show. Our Specialty Foods segment again posted improved segment operating profit and sales up 39% and 13% respectively, with contributions by all three sub-units of specialty foods. The leading drivers of these improved results were sports nutrition products, private label canned meat products, and sugar substitutes. In our all other international segment, segment operating profit declined 18% while sales increased by 7%. We did generate excellent sales of our Spam family of products but this was not sufficient to offset the reduced returns we experienced related to lower fresh pork exports. In our February call we mentioned that higher hog costs were on their way. These increased costs did indeed arrive and at a higher level than originally anticipated. We expect this trend to continue as we get into warmer weather. On the other hand, commodity turkey prices have firmed up as the result of industry production cuts and grain prices appear to be in a fairly stable position. Taking these considerations into account, and in light of our strong results in Q2 we are again raising our full year guidance range from $2.68 to $2.78 per share to $2.75 to $2.85 per share excluding the one time charges of $0.10 per share associated with the plant closing and healthcare laws. At this time I will turn the call over to Jody Feragen in Austin to discuss the financial information relating to the second quarter.
Jeff Ettinger: Quarter to quarter in the turkey business does vary somewhat but if you compare it to the proper quarter comparison we do think conditions are fairly favorable right now for the Jennie-O Turkey Store group and that they’re obtaining a lot of efficiencies in their operations so I do think that will continue to track somewhat above a typical quarter in each case.
Jeff Ettinger: We describe what the percentage of sales was value added and we do expect that the value added items should attain a better profit margin and a more reliable profit margin than the commodity side.
Jeff Ettinger: Without giving you a specific number in terms of net margins for the division it clearly would be our position that we talked about our balanced model that as we feel a little bit of pressure in the grocery and refrigerated segments for their value added items with the spike in pork costs we do feel we have an offset in place with more favorable conditions and solid results for Jennie-O. It would be correct that we should be able to trend upward from what we delivered this quarter on a quarterly basis.
Jeff Ettinger: We’re certainly seeing more favorable signs in the foodservice environment. If you look at total sales for Hormel Foodservice for example they were flat for the quarter. On the branded or more highly value added items we saw some gains and we had more territories up than were down and that was an encouraging sign versus prior years. We would expect that trend to gradually accelerate. I guess we don’t feel, we’re not hearing from the foodservice marketplace that the clouds have all parted and everything is excellent now. If we do experience a shift where people start going out a little bit more often and businesses started attending a few more conferences, etc. we’re certainly well positioned to take advantage of that. We have foodservice elements in four of our five operating segments and they’re all poised with good sales organizations and with good products hopefully to deliver to that audience. Within the grocery environment, not talking just grocery product but grocery stores, our impression has been that the recession has had mixed results. We clearly saw some benefit to the traditional canned franchises for a time there where almost all of those items were up. This quarter was more mixed in that regard with chili and hash and Dinty Moore and Spam down. We also did lose some momentum in our convenience items both Completes and our refrigerated entrees during last year and so if consumers gain more confidence and the economy starts looking better we do expect those franchises to improve.
Jeff Ettinger: Specialty has seen solid growth and that’s the one piece of our business that does have some private label involvement, a specialty products group. They’ve steadily increased their business both in the traditional items they’ve been in the past such as gelatin but also some canned meat items and so that is contributing to results. The Diamond Crystal group has found ways to continue to grow their business even during the recession, they sold, in many cases to a different group of foodservice operators and then the meat side of our business traditionally focuses upon. Then one other element that helped us this quarter was last year we had kind of a lag effect or negative effect from the Century Foods Operation as they had lost some significant business and they’ve done a nice job at replacing that business and getting back to more traditional margins for them. All three components are working well right now and our outlook for the second half would be for that to continue.
Jeff Ettinger: Total sales for Jennie-O were up 1%. The value added portion was up more than that and that’s the game plan. We have cut production over time, those production cuts are starting to lap the time when we cut them and so you won’t see the declines going forward as much in terms of total tonnage. The focus continues to be driving more products into the value added area and we saw very solid sales from all three of the value added groups at Jennie-O.
Jeff Ettinger: My recollection is it’d be very similar without the, excluding those items. If any of the folks in Austin have a different number please go ahead and chime in.
Jeff Ettinger: For the grocery items we are going to take a little bit of a wait and see approach. We certainly knew that this spike was coming but we’re still not clear on how long it’s going to last. When we take pricing on our branded items both within grocery and the meat products portfolio we want to have a reliable price out there in the marketplace that we can promote against. We’ve not made a call at this time yet as to whether that group needs to be looking at pricing on those specific items. As we move closer to the fall and we have a better look as to whether the hog market is going to be as Jody described and potentially receding back a bit or whether we’re at a new level then we’ll have to make that call.
Jeff Ettinger: I think it’d be correct to say that the folks that we said were on the sidelines last year for valuation for economic reasons might be more encouraged now by the current environment. We’ve been probably just as active as ever in terms of exploring ways to grow our business and utilize the cash that we know we have on hand and so we’re certainly actively exploring things but we don’t have anything to announce at this point. It’s the confluence of a willing seller, willing buyer, the right value and the right strategic fit that need to come together and we’ve had times in the past few years where we’ve had several of those kinds of things come together at once and then other times where we go a stretch without one.
Jeff Ettinger: On the turkey side, the markets have been quite strong based on what we know right now our anticipation is that they would remain at that level. We’ve seen quite a recovery on the white meat side of the turkey business also in terms of the commodity meat markets. Although that has less direct meaning to our results because we don’t sell a lot of surplus breast meat it is supportive of the overall market.
Jeff Ettinger: It certainly is the same impact across everybody but all businesses have to make independent business decisions. It may depend on the strength of their relationship with a given customer or the strength of their brand in a given marketplace. Clearly just as we probably talked a year or two ago about realizing that in the long run the hog production deficit couldn’t last, the hog producers couldn’t last forever getting a negative return. Same would be true in terms of costs and pricing in the marketplace that if we attain a new level and it stays there for a while then in the long run prices are going to have to migrate up to that new level.
Jeff Ettinger: There’s a significant portion of the refrigerated food sales that that would definitely be correct for. The fresh pork items clearly trade on a market basis and ham and bacon sales traditionally in both the retail and food service trade move with markets and indeed we have taken pricing on those types of items to reflect what the current market conditions are. The items where you would not see that where we’re holding back and looking at them more as we do the grocery items would be the pepperoni and the refrigerated entrees and those types and Natural Choice those types of items.
Jeff Ettinger: We just look at it differently. I’m not saying it would be more challenging but we just look at that as a consumer packaged item that we don’t want to have it just fluctuating all the time based on underlying markets. Natural Choice frankly we sell roast beef, sliced ham and sliced turkey so you have all sorts of different inputs within the line. But you want to have a certain target price you’re looking for, for those lines, you have promoted prices you’re trying to attain and if we see in the long run that there’s a total difference in the cost that we have to deal with then we’ll have to address it accordingly in pricing but we just don’t do it on as quick a basis.
Jeff Ettinger: We have not completed any sort of budgeting cycle yet for 2011 but I can give you a general sense. We’ve talked before that one environment for our company that provides some short term challenges for certain units is when costs go up quickly. We certainly have seen that in the pork area. Baked into our second half number is the expectation that it’s going to be a more challenging environment for grocery products and refrigerated foods. We do think some of the other segments can offset that substantially but that is out there. Our best outlook right now for 2011 would be along the lines of what you’re describing which is I would expect out team to react to the environmental change and we’re either going to have to address pricing if there is a new higher cost level that is going to stay in place or if some of those costs recede somewhat we should be in a position in 2011 to achieve our normal long term growth objectives.
Jeff Ettinger: I think that’s fair but again we try to run the business on the basis of the full year and that was part of why we moved to annualized guidance. By moving up our guidance range now, it’s the second time we’ve done it this year, the mid point of that range would be a solid 10% increase on an earnings per share basis over last year’s results and a better increase than that on an operating profit basis because you want to wash out the rabbi trust effect. We’re going to look at the year and see if we can deliver the second half the way we’ve described it as being a very successful year and one we can build on going forward.
Jeff Ettinger: Actually I would agree that protein certainly is significantly tighter than it was a year ago or two years ago. The pricing equation has other elements to it. You have to look at other feature alternatives that the retailers have, we certainly have to be mindful of a consumer that in many cases is having constrained budget and is looking for as good a value as possible on items. We have to balance what the needs would be in terms of pricing to cover down our costs and what the market will bear in terms of what our consumers are looking to pay.
Jody Feragen: As we announced in our earnings release issued this morning, our second quarter results were impacted by the one time charges related to the closure of our plant in Turlock, California and tax charges primarily related to the newly enacted healthcare laws. These one time charges resulted in an adjustment to diluted net earnings of approximately $0.10 per share for the second quarter. A table reconciling our adjusted earnings calculation to earnings calculated under generally accepted accounting principles was included in our earnings release as well. For the second quarter of 2010 adjusted net earnings totaled $91.3 million or $0.67 per share compared to $80.4 million or $0.59 per share a year ago. Adjusted net earnings for the first half of fiscal 2010 totaled $202.5 million or $1.50 per share compared to $161.8 million or $1.20 per share a year ago. On a GAAP basis net earnings for the second quarter 2010 totaled $77.9 million or $0.57 per share. GAAP net earnings for the first half of 2010 were $189.1 million or $1.40 per share. Dollar sales for the second quarter totaled $1.7 billion compared to $1.6 billion last year a 7% increase. For the first half of the fiscal year dollar sales increased 4% to $3.4 billion. Volume for the second quarter was 1.1 billion pounds up 2% from fiscal 2009. Year to date, volume was 2.3 billion also up 2% from fiscal 2009. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were 8.6% of sales compared to 8.8% last year. Year to date, selling, general and administrative expenses were 8.5% compared to 8.6% last year. We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to be approximately 8.8% of sales for the remainder of the year. Advertising expenses were 1.5% of sales for the quarter compared to 1.6% in 2009, year to date; advertising expenses are 1.5% of sales even with last year. We saw an absolute dollar increase in advertising expense in the second quarter and expect that advertising dollars will exceed 2009 expenditures on a full year basis. Interest and investment income was $1.4 million for the second quarter compared to $8.6 million in fiscal 2009. In the second quarter of fiscal 2009 we recorded a $3.6 million gain on the dissolution of the Carapelli joint venture. In addition, we experienced higher returns on our rabbi trust investments in 2009. We expect difficult comparisons in the back half of the year due to the strong performance of our rabbi rrust investments in 2009. Interest expense for the quarter was $6.6 million compared to $6.9 million last year. Year to date, interest expense is $13.1 million compared to $14.4 million last year. We expect interest expense to be approximately $27 to $28 million for fiscal 2010. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 40.7% versus 35.3% in fiscal 2009. The increase in 2010 was driven by the one time impact of recently enacted healthcare legislation and the reduction in the value of our deferred tax assets due to the change in the tax treatment of Medicare Part D reimbursement. Year to date, effective tax rate is 36.8% compared to 34.9% last year. For fiscal 2010 we expect the effective tax rate to be between 36% and 37%. Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 134 million. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding for the second quarter was 136 million shares. We repurchased 330,000 shares of common stock during the second quarter and have 367,000 shares remaining to be repurchased from the $10 million share authorization in place. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $350 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $31 million even with last year. For the first half of the year, depreciation and amortization was $61 million compared to $62 million last year. We expect depreciation and amortization to be approximately $125 to $127 million in fiscal 2010. Capital expenditures for the quarter totaled $22 million compared to $20 million last year. For the first six months of the year capital expenditures totaled $40 million compared to $46 million last year. For fiscal 2010 we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $105 to $115 million. At this time I will turn the call over to the operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Jody Feragen: We certainly have seen hog costs that are much higher than in 2009. As we expected those too happened only they happened a little sooner for us this year. I don’t expect the trend to keep escalating in hog prices; I expect they’ll stay high. The cut out, we’ve seen a nice spread there as you commented, the cut out really is going to depend on what the demand side of the equation. Exports have been strong, if those continue there is a possibility for the cut out to move up as well. Then also you have the impact of the rising prices and what that does to consumer demand. I don’t see the cut out as clearly as I do on the hog price side.
Jody Feragen: That’s a second quarter number. About $10 over what we paid in the second quarter 2009. I actually think that we’re going to see hog prices kind of stay at this elevated level but perhaps not trend up too much higher. I haven’t put a lot of increase in the back half of the year. I do think that after our fiscal year we’ll probably see them come down quite a bit, I have a feeling that these are attractive prices for producers and that some of those empty sow stalls will now start filling up.
Jody Feragen: Volume was down just a little bit more than flat. Volume was a little bit more negative, you get into all the mix issues so that’s kind of a difficult one.
Jody Feragen: We certainly have seen that exports have been up year over year and I think the USDA most recent forecast is for a full calendar year to be up about 6%. Granted the ban from Russia was just lifted but they do have some restrictions, I believe on the amount of tonnage. Really the drivers have been our neighbors to the North and South, Mexico’s strength as well as Canada. How long we expect that to continue, boy depends on the economic conditions in those countries actually that are going to drive the exports as prices continue to stay firm. I would expect that we’ll see exports on the hog side or the pork side of things to be up in that 5% to 6% for the year.
Jody Feragen: I’m afraid they haven’t changed since last time but certainly as Jeff indicated before, we continue to look at opportunities to invest strategically either internally. Our CapEx spending has been lower and I guided the full year a little bit lower because while we’ve got great projects in the pipeline it seems to be that we’re taking a little longer than I originally anticipated in getting some of those things done and equipment ordered and what not. CapEx should be coming back online and getting back to more normalized levels in the back half of the year. We look at acquisitions, investing in our own business; certainly we’re committed to our dividends to our shareholders and share repurchase as well. Those seem to be the key.
Jody Feragen: Our hog contracts generally are based on markets so it’s usually a spread to the Western corn belts since that’s where most of our hogs are sourced. We really do follow the market. We have been fortunate that the producers we’ve aligned ourselves with have had a lot of financial strength. We have some of the smaller operators have fallen on the wayside when they’ve got in over their heads and were losing money but generally our producers have been stronger.  We continue to work with other producers that maybe are unhappy with their current packer that they’re dealing with and have some opportunities there. We feel very comfortable about the supply of hogs for the future for Hormel and these are generally long term contracts, five to 10 years.
Jody Feragen: The last time we had an authorization I think it was in 2003 that it was implemented so obviously we’ve been given the long term for it. There are 367,000 shares that were left at the end of the second quarter. I certainly would recommend to the Board that we do an additional authorization but that’s obviously something that the Board would decide. I don’t think there’s any specific timing to that answer your question.
Jody Feragen: As I’d indicated in an answer to Ann earlier was we have projects in the pipeline for CapEx, it’s not for lack of wanting to do things they just seem to be taking longer than I originally anticipated in my guidance. I did pull it down for the full year. I think its being conservative, we might go over that but I was trying to give you a real picture of where I felt our CapEx spending would be. The new plant basically up and going, obviously we’re adding some additional production capabilities into there, that should get in this year. I know Jennie-O has some specific projects that they’re working on but they don’t seem to be happening as fast as I thought they would.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Stepping back, refrigerated products is that the easier part of the business to pass along the higher input costs because they tend to be, I don’t want to commoditized, but certainly it looks more like a refrigerated product rather than a packaged product.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: If there is a negative thesis on Hormel it is that higher hog prices would impact your earnings growth going forward. What I’m trying to figure out is going into fiscal ’11 how big of a negative impact is it really? Is it enough to slow your ability to hit your normal targets or is it just something that you can offset through other parts of your portfolio either because the portfolio is very balanced or because you think that pricing can eventually cover it.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: If we look at fiscal ’10 and how its playing out, the first half of the year you definitely over delivered on where you thought you would be and as we get to the second half of the year the comparisons are tougher, operating profit growth was very big in the second half of fiscal ’09 so it will be a comparison issue and maybe a little bit of a challenging environment because of the higher hog prices, it’s kind of like a tail of two hats for fiscal ’10.
