Jim Sheehan: Thank you Jim. Good morning. Net sales for the third quarter were $2.3 billion. Organic sales growth in three of the four business segments was offset by declines at Jennie-O turkey store. Pre-tax earnings were $261 million, up 1% from last year. Net earnings were $199 million and diluted earnings per share was $0.37, down 5% due to a higher effective tax rate.  The significant increase in the tax rate was driven primarily by lapping the one-time gain from re-measuring the deferred tax liability last year. The tax rate was higher than we anticipated because of the lower volume of options exercised in the quarter. The full year tax rate is now expected to be between 18.3% and 20.3%, up from the previous estimate of 17.5% to 19.5%.  SG&A excluding advertising was 6.5% of sales compared to 7.3% last year. The decline was due to the impact of the CytoSport transaction and lower employee-related expenses.  Net unallocated expense declined $10 million driven by lower interest expense and universal stock option expenses in the prior year. Advertising for the quarter was $32 million, down from $40 million last year. Advertising investments are expected to be lower primarily due to the sale of CytoSport.  Operating margins were 11.2% compared to 10.9% last year. Strong results in refrigerated foods and favorable SG&A led to the improved performance.  Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $573 million, down 23%. The primary driver was increased levels of working capital as we build inventory in anticipation of higher raw material costs. This thoughtful approach to building inventory should mitigate some of the input cost volatility as markets rise. For the quarter, capital expenditures were $67 million compared to $103 million last year. We expect to spend approximately $250 million in 2019. Weather delays and changes in project scope impacted the projected capital spend.  We paid the 364th consecutive quarterly dividend effective August 15 at an annual rate of $0.84 per share, a 12% increase over the prior year. This completes our 91st year of consecutive dividends. Share repurchases in the quarter were $107 million, representing 2.7 million shares. We will continue to repurchase stock to offset dilution from stock option exercises and based on our internal valuation. Our balance sheet remains strong and allows us to fund strategic investments to grow the business.  Fundamentals in the turkey industry are mixed. Bolt placements are down 4% year-to-date. Breast meat and cold storage is above last year and the five-year average. Turkey prices remained above $2 for the quarter, a 10% increase from last year. Whole birds were $0.07 above the prior year but remain below the five-year average. Feed costs for the quarter were similar to last year. Avocado prices are expected to decline through October but remain above last year. We will have better visibility as the Mexican crop is harvested in the next few weeks.  Pork input costs in the third quarter did not dramatically increase as we forecasted last quarter. Cold storage reserves in China, uncertainty caused by global trade dynamics, and robust hog production likely contributed to lower markets. The USDA cutout traded between a wide range of $72 and $89 per hundredweight during the quarter, never reaching our forecasted level. Hog markets exhibited similar behavior, trading between $68 and $85 per hundredweight. Belly prices for the quarter were significantly below the forecast, trading in a $49 range between $127 and $176 per hundredweight. Trim briefly met the forecasted highs before dropping 40%.  The third quarter clearly demonstrated our teams’ ability to manage through extreme volatility in pork commodity markets to deliver results in line with our expectations. The guidance for the fourth quarter assumes higher prices for our key inputs with potential for volatility like we experienced in the past quarter. The overall fundamentals still support a sustained high cost environment in pork markets beginning as soon as the fourth quarter due to African swine fever. Hog supplies in China, Southeast Asia, and now regions in Europe are being affected. The exact timing and magnitude of the impact remains uncertain. We will provide a detailed view of market assumptions and the outlook for fiscal 2020 on the November call. We are making significant progress on Project Orion and our One Supply Chain initiative. For example, we are in the process of opening two new distribution centers in the coming months. On a combined basis, we will save over 3 million miles in our grocery business alone. Project Orion will unlock more opportunities for cost savings similar to this project. The team is focused on implementing major phases related to finance, HR, and supply chain during fiscal 2020.  At this time, I’ll turn the call over to the Operator for the question and answer portion of the call.
Jim Sheehan: Good morning. We think that the run rate will be generally lower than it was in the fourth quarter of last year primarily because of the CytoSport sale. 
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. The inventory’s really being built in the refrigerated, GP and international areas. Are there limits? Yes, there’s a supply limit as to how much you can build inventory. We take a look at the trends that we believe are going to take place and we build selectively in certain commodities and certain finished goods.
Jim Sheehan: Well, I think some of it is a reaction to the additional hog processing capacity that’s in the industry right now, and anticipating that capacity increasing, they’ve increased their production. We certainly do see that hogs today are about $70. They’re a relatively cheap input. There’s cheap input, as you said- the grain is at a low cost basis right now, so I think there are encouragements to increase the hog production. It’s in line with what expectations were, but I think probably the biggest driver was that there’s been probably two years or more of discussion about the additional capacity coming online. They’ve had time to react, and those hogs are available to us.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. We will be implementing a single instance of all of our ERP systems across finance, HR, and the supply chain, meaning that all operations will be operated on a common platform. We’ll create great efficiencies in the operations. We’re also focusing on automation and robotics within certain processes, so those are things that Project Orion brings to us. It’s going to make us a more efficient company in many aspects, and obviously the other issue is the quality of information and the decisions that we can make based on that data. Where before we’d have to mine through multiple systems to get information, this will provide a common platform. The information will be readily available and we can do analysis across all aspects of the business.
Jim Sheehan: No. As we’ve stated, CytoSport would have about a $0.04 impact for the back half of the year from a P&L standpoint, but from margins, it’s really driven by the avocado costs and the peanut butter.
Jim Snee: Yes, it is early for 2020 given the uncertainty and the volatility that we’ve seen in the markets, but as we think about all of the different business segments, refrigerated foods continues to be very well positioned and they’ve demonstrated their ability, their long term ability to grow in volatile markets across food service, deli, retail. Grocery products, although we had some noise in the quarter with avocadoes, we remain positive on many, many of the brands, and of course we could have some input pressure there but I think the longer term brand story and the insight-led innovation have us poised for growth. JOTS continues to be a work in progress, as I said in my prepared comments. We’ve had some small wins but we do expect the recovery to spill over well into 2020. We think the business is stabilized and now we do need to get back to growth.  International is obviously a wild card, uncertainty based on African swine fever and tariffs, but we’re optimistic about the business that we have in China. We feel like we can reflect pricing to accommodate any of the input costs that we have, and then also the Spam and Skippy businesses that we’ve developed are very strong.  Then any conversation about our business has to finish with a strong balance sheet, so we are poised for M&A. We’re always ready to make acquisitions when the time is right. But it’s early for 2020 given some of the uncertainty in the marketplace, but we are confident in our ability to grow over the long term.
Jim Snee: No, I don’t think that’s a fair assumption, Ben. I think from a top line perspective, it is how we’re pricing, and as we mentioned the prepared comments, as markets did not materialize the way we thought, we did realign pricing in the quarter to make sure that we remained in very competitive positions. I think the sales guidance is one thing and it is different from the earnings guidance.
Jim Snee: The interesting thing is it is unique and different retailer by retailer, and we’ve talked about that over the last several quarters, about how that’s important to engage our direct selling organization with the customers to understand what the optimal solution is for their customer base. We do move promotional dollars or trade dollars around to make sure that we’ve got them priced properly on a net basis. We work closely, of course, to make sure that the shelf price is reflective of where it needs to be, but again depending on the situation, we’re willing to invest the trade dollars but it is a customer by customer decision.
Jim Snee: I think as we said, Heather, this does remain a distribution issue. Our velocities where we’re in distribution remain very strong. We have had some small wins, as I said in my prepared remarks, so we are gaining some momentum. We’ve turned on advertising in select markets and we’ll have the opportunity to evaluate the effectiveness before expanding.  I also mentioned in my prepared remarks that we have brought in some additional experienced sales and marketing leaders from other parts of the organization to really jumpstart that business, but it’s still going to take time, so as we’re thinking about it, it’s probably going to be mid-2020. You’re right - there are some investments that have to be made to regain distribution, but we’re prepared to make those investments and really, the big thing is that we do feel like this business is stabilized and it is time for us to get this business back to growth. 
Jim Snee: Sure. You hit it right on the head, Adam - it is all about the input costs, and that will impact pricing and of course the elasticity that comes along with the pricing moves. If we get some additional false positives like we had in the second quarter, that could be problematic, but the run-up in input costs, as you know, it does create that short term margin compression. But we’ll be aggressive with our pricing as category leaders, that’s what we do, but we know that pricing does lag the input costs. You’ve hit it right on the head - that is going to be the primary driver for that range, and we do believe that the range is warranted given some of the volatility that we’ve seen in the third quarter.
Jim Snee: Sure. If we go back to my earlier comments starting with the segments, from a 2020 outlook, the food service business continues to be hitting on all cylinders. We feel really good about the belly business, the retail business, whether it’s our Hormel retail business, the Applegate retail business. We’re optimistic about all of them. We know that there could be some of that short term noise, that margin compression as a result of input costs, but refrigerated foods has really been on a nice run and we expect that to continue. Grocery products, the work that the team has done there around brand building with center-of-the-store brands has been really, really impressive. We do think that the avocado crop that’s coming in, we’ll have a better read on that, probably some more favorable input costs that will give us some relief there. That’s outside of our control, but what’s in our control is our ability to make sure that we’re building that brand through promotion and advertising and innovation, and we’ll continue to do that. We do feel good about grocery products. Probably the one that’s outside of our control the most will be international, based on what happens with African swine fever and tariffs and really the global trade uncertainty. Part of it is in our control with our ability to run our business in China, but there are going to be some market impacts. Then the JOTS piece is going to be in our control and our ability to execute the business, or execute distribution gains. We’ve got to get that done, continue to get that done in the fourth quarter and into 2020.  From a supply chain perspective, we’re not going to get into the 2020 outlook for that, but we’re committed to the savings number that we gave this year, the $75 million. We’ve had a lot of success with a lot of projects. We referenced in Jim Sheehan’s comments the fact that we’ve got our new grocery products DC opening that will save us 3 million miles, and there is a corresponding financial benefit. We’re evaluating our refrigerated foods network, and we’ve had a better global view of plant for performance. So there is a lot of benefits that we’ve seen from not only our One Supply Chain but Project Orion, and we expect that to continue over the next several years.
Jim Snee: The majority of that is timing. We had a really wet spring here in the midwest and we’ve got a very big project going on at Burke, so that’s shifted some of those expenses back. But the one thing I want everyone to know is that there is not a lack of commitment. Our commitment to capex spending and investing in our value-added business is as strong as it’s ever been.
Jim Snee: I think when we get into our fourth quarter call, we’ll obviously give a little more color and clarity. The other variable as we continue down the path with Project Orion, we’ll have more opportunities that will reveal themselves. But the part about this being a multi-year project, I don’t even know if I would refer to it as a project. This is a permanent part, a permanent structure that we have in our organization that we’ve needed. I cited a couple of specific examples. As we think about just having that global view of plant performance, better meat utilization, and even some of the softer things about how we’re better prepared to approach training and recruitment in an environment where workers are harder than ever to come by, it’s important that we have one standard approach to how we’re doing things, so the benefits of the One Supply Chain initiative have been very impressive and far reaching in the organization on a number of different fronts. 
Jim Snee: Hey Rob, good morning. It really depends on the category. If you think about what happened in bacon, for example, that pricing does tend to realign itself more frequently, so we’ve seen realignment down and the market now has taken another run back up. It has moved a couple of times since we last talked, but we know that that’s what we have to do to remain competitive. In terms of pepperoni, the pricing that we took there was realigned because the trim market did not at all sustain what we thought it was going to do, and remains low today. On our grocery products front, the Spam pricing that we took, that held, but that really was less related to raw material, more other inflationary measures. So it’s really been a mixed bag across the different categories, but we feel good about the pricing actions we took and the corresponding realignments.
Jim Snee: That’s a great question. The secondary crop impacts our supply situation primarily in Q3, and if you go back to 2017 not on an overall GP margin structure, but if you go back, we had a very similar situation in 2017. At that time, we were very aggressive with our pricing, and this time we re-evaluated and thought we were going to be in a better position to just wait to see what the next crop looks like. So this secondary crop primarily impacts us in Q3 and then in early Q4, we start to get a better read on the primary crop. Early indications are that that’s more favorable, so that will have some impact in Q4 but then we’ll have the primary impact again in Q1 and Q2.
Jim Snee: We saw greater elasticity than we thought, especially in bacon and pepperoni. It really was the fact that the markets did not perform on a continuous basis, so we reached some points of elevation in the belly market and the trim market that really put us into action on the pricing front. What changed was we took pricing, some of the others in the category didn’t, and then the markets didn’t sustain, so when that happened we were priced higher than the category, which created those higher than expected elasticities. That’s where our pricing realignment came in.  Once we got our pricing realigned, we felt like the elasticities were in line with what we expected. Bacon is back on track, we think pepperoni is, and then we did talk a little bit about the grocery products pricing that we held with Spam. From Spam’s perspective, volume was relatively flat and sales were up 4%, so if anything, that outperformed the elasticity we expected  So as I said earlier, it really was a mixed bag across all of the different categories where we took pricing.
Jim Snee: Got it. You would expect to see impact tail end of the fourth quarter, really into the first quarter either way. From a pricing perspective, if we do choose to take pricing, it’s very consistent with the other retail pricing dynamics that we see and expect it to take approximately 60 days to get into the marketplace. The team will have a pretty good read on it in short order, and we’ll be able to make the right business decision. 
Jim Snee: I think that’s a fair assumption. We need to see how this all plays out through this global trade uncertainty and how the global supply reorganizes, but I do think there is a point of view out there that says poultry products, turkey in particular, could benefit. We’ll see how that materializes the balance of this year and into 2020, but I think that’s a fair assumption.
Jim Snee: Great, thank you. Thanks to all of you for your participation and interest this morning. While our team continues to navigate near term uncertainty, I remain very certain in our teams’ ability to deliver our key results and finish 2019 in a very strong manner. Thank you. Have a great day.
