Jim Snee: Sure. So let's start with the new supply chain organization. What this is going to do for us is it's really going to give us better alignment across our entire organization. Today we have our operations that exist in our business units. And I would say that they're probably a bit fragmented. They're very successful but a bit fragmented, which really it inherently allows for duplications and inefficiencies. And so we believe that having this alignment across the organization and getting the structure and process right will allow us to become more cost effective, enhance our speed to market and really make us more agile over time, as we've – we're facing ever-changing, very dynamic market conditions. S I mean we believe this is a great move for our organization, it's consistent, very thoughtful with how we've been talking about our business and the needs to do this. In regards to China the new facility is going to help us in a couple of ways. And we were at capacity on a number of different lines because of the successful business we have in the food service segment. The other part that is going to do when it's more of a slower build is for the first time ever, we have in-country production of SPAM. And so when now that line is up and running, we've already seen some nice early success and are rapidly regaining distribution because we have been in-market with that product before. But really feel like not only operationally but structurally, we are set of for long-term success in China.
Jim Snee: Sure. I think we've demonstrated a track record of success when it comes to dealing with price increases. And a lot of that has to do with the brand positioning, delivering on the brand promise, but then also being a brand leader. And so given the strong brand presence that we have across our organization with so many number one and number two brands, we are able to successfully get those through. I would not say that it's easy, I mean, we take all price increases very seriously, and we work with all of our retail customers to make sure that we have got the best outcome for both of us. The other thing I would say, Farhat, is clearly, we understand the data and the insights around price elasticity and built that into our modeling as well. So I feel like we're pretty sophisticated and successful in that area.
Jim Snee: Yes, Adam you are. I mean, I think, if we go back to the headline I described in my comments is that the growth in our value-added business is going to offset some of the commodity volatility that we expect. And so if you go around really the business units, and I'll, – I mean, we have merged Grocery Products and specialty together, but just to help you with some clarity in that area, I mean, Grocery Products is going to be in line with the growth expectations that we have for that business. And quite frankly, specialty will have the same growth algorithm that we've talked about at CytoSport. We expect a return to growth in CytoSport. Refrigerated Foods is going to have low-single-digit growth in both sales and earnings. And International, you have assessed properly with strong double-digit growth and then John's will have low-single digit sales growth but really down mid-single digit from an earnings perspective because of the market conditions. So I think your rollup is fairly accurate getting to that range.
Jim Snee: And Adam, I would add on, clearly, I mean, a lot of the industry, the turkey industry, is operating near breakeven. I mean, clearly, we are well above that range. We feel like we've done what we need to do and that we've cut production, and believe that the rest of the industry needs to do that as well. Quite frankly, we are a bit disappointed that we haven't seen that as of yet. So that’s on the commodity side of the business but we still feel very confident as I talked about our number of different items that we expect to grow, the value-added items that will grow, our Lean Ground Turkey business is very healthy, I'm showing good growth and then still taking share versus the beef market.
Jim Snee: From a private label perspective, our belief is that it's pretty standard operating procedure. I mean, private label has been a competitor, have been in a lot of categories for extended period of time. And so we continue to focus on what we do best and that is building our number one and number two leading brands. If we do that and have leading brand positions, I mean, we'll be able to overcome any category challenge. So we don't see that it's escalated anymore than it has in the past. And I can say, we treat it like any other competitor and understand what it is that we have to do to be successful.
Jim Snee: Sure, Rupesh. For us it's still a very small piece of our business. We have made some strategic investments of this year, creating our digital investment group. And so we've got the right structure in place. We're focusing our efforts around not only digital marketing, but e-commerce. And so we're not quite where we need to be, but believe that we're on the right track. We have the right structure and we'll get there with the team we have in place.
Jim Snee: Sure, thanks, David. I mean, the one thing we want to be clear about is, I mean, we will continue to update you on our progress at CytoSport. It's a very important part of our portfolio and we want to make sure you understand the progress that we're making in that business. We're still rebounding from the impact to the recall we described to you last quarter, where we saw, obviously, we were off shelves, saw some increased competitive activity and we're working, continue to work to get pricing in our assortment correct. I mean, our new leadership team, in addition to working on pricing and assortment, is focused on the consumer and making sure that we're focused on the key attributes of our product offering. And for us, as we head into 2017, a key differentiator is we have very strong alignment with our strategic distribution partner, Pepsi. And working closely with them we’ve made this, they have made this a top priority for 2018. We'll continue to make the necessary advertising investments in the business but having it at the top of their priority list is really an important part of the formula as well. So that's why we're optimistic heading into 2018 for CytoSport.
Jim Snee: Yes so Eric so let’s – may be we’ll just kind of recap what we did in pricing in 2017. So in Refrigerated Foods, midyear, we had some pepperoni price increases as a result of the run-up in the beef trim market. We also saw an early run-up in the belly market which caused us to increase some bacon pricing. So that would have been Refrigerated Foods in the mid-part of the year that you referenced. And then as we got to the fourth quarter, we had another run-up on belly prices, so bacon was addressed again. And then we did have some other Grocery Products increases, chili and guacamole and peanut, butter in the fourth quarter.
Jim Snee: We have talked about the rebound being more of a 12-month to 18-month cycle, Eric. And so we would expect that we would have seen some lower bulk placements by this point. But I think one of the things that we need to consider is coming out of AI, that we've got a lot of producers who are perhaps awaiting the next outbreak. And so that supply side continues to go, nobody is willing to give up on their supply quite yet. The other thing I would point you to is that even though in the midst of AI, there were supply issues, I mean, there were some record profitability. And so you have some probably better-than-average capitalized operators that could, I mean, be holding their breath, so to speak, a little longer. And I mean, we'll see. We're not quite where we think we need to be yet, but like I said earlier, we have cut our production. We're disappointed that we haven't seen the rest of the industry follow suit.
Jim Snee: Sure, that’s a great question Ken. And I mean, I would tell you that we've had a number of different initiatives across the organization and we've seen some of the benefits. But part of this whole supply chain alignment is to make sure that we have our focus on getting the right structure and process in place. And so today, we're not in a position to offer you those buckets. I think from our perspective, we're starting with this supply chain organization, today it was just announced. We've got to get the structure in place, so that we have better alignment across the organization. I think, on one hand, we've done – always done a good job of focusing our things from the bottom-up continuous improvement. But on the other hand, I mean, it's just time for us to take a more proactive top-down approach and we need to aggregate what those projects are, what the buckets are, what the savings are. So it's early in the process, but we certainly – to have had benefit, but our focus today is getting the structure and process in place.
Jim Snee: Yes we are doing a lot, we're doing a lot of good things. I mean, this is not going to be a one-hit wonder. I mean, this is going to be an ongoing multiyear approach, but the fact is the big driver around our supply chain is it's just announced today. And so we do have to get the structure, the process in place because, I mean, we know that with a fragmented supply chain, it inherently allows for the duplications and inefficiencies I talked about earlier. So this is going to be ongoing. It's not a one-year wonder, but again, we've got to get the organization in place, up and running so that the focus can be on the process.
Jim Snee: And Ken, going back to your question around Grocery Products and Specialty Foods, I mean, just focus on the fact that there's a lot of shared resources in those businesses both from an operational and support perspective. They operate in similar channels. The brand or the business management is very similar. And so again, it goes back to the alignment and utilization of resources from a cost side. And then as I mentioned in my comments, over time, we think that there'll be some revenue synergies as well. So probably doesn't get you where you want to be, but I think understand it's early and this is a high priority for the organization.
Jim Snee: Robert I think your latter comment is spot on. For us, this goes back to our need to optimize the supply chain. I mean, if we think about what we have become over time in terms of the number of production facilities that we have, the number of items, the number of supply ingredients, the number of co-packers that we now utilize, those have all been very thoughtful additions to support our business over time. But I mean, we just need to get the organization aligned because it is somewhat fragmented today. And so it's exactly what you said, is the focus is getting the structure and the process in place because it doesn't exist in an aligned manner today. So in terms of major, I'll say, restructuring charges, we don't have that on the horizon. From our perspective, we believe that this is going to be about alignment and the top-down approach, which is going to be a different way of thinking about this supply chain.
Jim Snee: Hey, Rob, the other thing I would remind you of is some of those general corporate expenses, we have made investments back in our business, one of the earlier callers had a question around our digital efforts. So I mean, we’ve been able to fund some strategic investments with the savings we achieved also.
Jim Snee: Well, I mean, it did just what you described. I mean, after we talked about it, it did decrease. But as of late, we’ve seen some increases. We’ve seen the market going back up. And so we’ve – in Jim Sheehan’s comments, we try to give you the outlook as to what we think the belly market is going to do. But I mean, it’s been a very volatile market, there’s no doubt about it. And that’s, I mean, we’re watching it closely. I mean, we’re pulling all available levers and of course working closely with retailers to make sure that we’ve got a mutually beneficial outcome.
Jim Snee: Yeah, Jeremy, I mean, we think about it in perhaps a slightly different way. As we look at our business, I mean, obviously, we know that we’re competing in a number of advantaged areas. That will allow us to continue to grow the top line and so we talked about our Mexican portfolio, our foodservice business, what’s happening with SKIPPY and peanut butter – or SKIPPY and Justin’s in the nut butters category, our International business and of course what will be coming with the acquisition of Columbus. That is a going to support, obviously, the growth of the top line, a very strong focus on innovation. I referenced in my comments the great progress that we’ve made against our 15% by 2020 goal since we’re now at 14% and of course a lot of that is driven by the great work we do with consumer and operator insights. We know that we’re going to continue to be good stewards of our capital, invest for growth whether it’s internal, our value-added expansions for Dold and dry sausage, the accretive acquisitions that we’re making. And then, as you described, I mean, some of the efficiencies that we need to continue to gain and the supply chain structure, the supply chain organization, is going to be a part of that journey to get us to that margin goal.
Jim Snee: Now we’re looking this. We’re at this looking at this right now as purely a turkey issue. This is our own industry issue and we need to make sure that others are following suit to get us where we need to be. But I would tell you, if we think about some of the value-added items, our lean ground turkey continues to take share from the beef category. So I mean, we’re making progress on the value-added side. This really is a supply chain, commodity-driven issue.
Jim Snee: Sure, Akshay. As you think about earnings for Refrigerated Foods, we’ve said we’re going to be low single digits in 2018. From an acquisition perspective, with the guidance that we’ve given in 2018, Fontanini will be $0.03 to $0.04. The full year impact of Farmer John will probably be $0.01. I mean the headline here again for Refrigerated – those were important factors, but the headline still really comes down to value added, being able to offset the decrease in some of the commodity profits. And so where we’re at with the Refrigerated Foods business is we believe it’s never been fundamentally stronger. And what we’re doing on the acquisition side only strengthens it. So that’s how we’re thinking about and how we’re modeling that to the low single-digit earnings for 2018.
Jim Snee: And Akshay, I would point you to Nathan. I think you guys can have a conversation to follow up, if that’s okay.
Jim Snee: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. I want to offer my sincere appreciation to all of our inspired people who make inspired food each and every day. And I know that they will continue to challenge themselves in 2018 to hit the key results that we’ve set for ourselves going forward. I want to wish all of you a very happy Thanksgiving.
Jim Sheehan: Certainly. Good morning Adam, this is Jim Sheehan. I’ll talk a talk about some of the variables. The first thing is that there are very differing views about what's going to happen in the pork industry. Hog prices – forecast for hog prices are everything from down high single digits to up mid-single digits. We think we have taken a realistic view and we've identified our model on low single digits for the outlook. Now what is involved in that is that we're going to – we expect to see some volatility. Volatility as these playups ramp. Now in the first quarter, the cost of hogs were at $57 so far. I think it's important to understand that the five-year average in the first quarter is $75. And if you exclude the impact of the PEDV, those costs were at $70. So they're still below historical levels. But we had unseasonably low hog cost in the first quarter of 2007 – part of 2016, excuse me. And so we expect that we will be up against that as we go into 2018. So we have an unfavorable comparison for the first quarter of 2018. On the turkey side, I think, we’ve tried to be clear on what we're watching. We're watching the poult placements and we're watching the inventory reports. So far, we're just not seen anything that would tell us that this – it's bottomed out yet. We believe that we're going to see market improvements in the back half of the year with some flattening of the conditions midyear, but really not much improvement until the end of the year. So depending on how those commodities work, we're trying to be very, very clear as to how we built our outlook and that should give you some insight as to what could change.
Jim Sheehan: Yes so the fourth quarter played out just like we told you on the third quarter the timing varied by category, but a broad statement, they took hold in the 11th period and that's really when we started to expect or experience the benefit. And what I would tell you is I talked earlier about some of price elasticity studies that we're doing to make sure we understand the impact that we've exceeded a lot of the pricing study expectations that we had when we took the price increases, obviously a very good sign. We do have some price increases in place for Q1 in our Grocery Products line with our Mary Kitchen corned beef hash and Dinty Moore Beef Stew.
Jim Sheehan: Yes and this is Jim Sheehan and I would say that the one thing I'd disagree is that there's multiple plants. There's really one strategy around managing our costs. We're really taking this top-down approach that Jim has talked about. So we're setting the standards, we're setting the goals, we're setting the expectations at a very high level. So yes, the combination of Grocery Products and Specialty is a part of the strategy that Jim laid out all the way back to Investor Day about improving our supply chain. So it is engaging every level of the staff, but it is being driven from the top. The other thing is that I'd tell you, Ken, is that it's in the early stages and I think you've seen some of the results already. You could look at the financial statements and see where we've taken reductions and costs out of the staff, out of the expenses. But would we get into the broader levels, supply chain, how we go-to-market, that's when you'll start to see the bigger savings. As Jim said, I look at this and this is not well defined, but I look at this as probably a four-year project and then it's restructuring the way that we look at things. So there will be a savings that will go on well beyond this year.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, advertising is down $25 million. So that would be, out of the $50 billion that’s down in SG&A, $25 million of it is advertising. There are other changes, but it has created a reduction in expenses already in 2017. And as Jim said, we’ve been really focused on getting the structure right and it will continue to progress as we go into 2018.
Jim Sheehan: I will do my best here. The first thing that I would like to focus on is the discipline we have when we make an investment. And I think some have heard me say before that I look at investment of capital, the allocation of capital, between CapEx and M&A really being determined by the best use of the capital. You’re right, we’ve had a lot of acquisitions recently, $1.3 billion, but we continue to have a very strong cash flow. And the acquisitions are enhancing that cash flow. So from the standpoint of concern about the cash flow, we’re very confident about our cash flow. Part of our – part of the working capital that’s coming up this year or the CapEx requirement is just a matter of timing. If we would have started these projects a little bit earlier in the year, it would have been split on a more balanced basis between 2017 and 2018, but capital projects that are this large quite often have their own schedule. We do not see the $425 million as the new run rate, but as the business increases, to go back and to look at the historical spend, we’d probably understate it to some degree as we’ve done additional acquisitions, that’s going to increase the amount of maintenance, the amount of CapEx that’s required.
Jim Sheehan: This is Jim Sheehan again. I guess, the first thing I’d want you to focus on is our acquisitions, none of which have a commodity component to them. So our acquisition strategy is reducing our dependence on those commodity – that commodity profitability. In 2017, our – we have talked about in Investor Day that it was about 15% of Refrigerated Foods, but the additional acquisitions will reduce that percentage because Fontanini, which is in our plan in right now and eventually Columbus will both push that percentage down. We’ve said that it’s going to be lower, moderately lower than last year.
Akshay Jagdale: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the CapEx, and I only have my model going back to fiscal 2000, so bear with me. But I mean, this is, by far, the highest CapEx rate percentage of sales, however, you want to look at it. So can you give us a little more color on what’s maintenance and what the other buckets are? I mean, it’s good to see companies getting more and more aggressive with the balance sheet and allocating cash. So maybe you can just give us some buckets and maybe talk about the broader sort of balance sheet strategy, right? That would be helpful.
Akshay Jagdale: That’s helpful. And just one on Refrigerated Foods, if I may. So I don’t know if you broke this out, but maybe you can remind me again what the EBIT expectation for that segment is? I know you mentioned it, but I may have missed it. The reason I’m asking is I really would like you to maybe dissect that between what are the acquisitions adding, you know, in my estimate around $70 million from the one that you’ve already completed including synergies and then maybe another $25 million from the one you are about to close. But just trying to understand sort of how much of it is acquisition-related just so that we get a sense for the base business excluding acquisitions. What do you need to do to get to your guidance, right? That’s essentially what I’m trying to get at. Thank you.
Akshay Jagdale: And just one last one on that and I really appreciate you giving the incremental color on this. The commodity profits, there is a view, there is some concerns that you – your commodity profits represented a greater percentage of the total segment earnings over the last couple of years. I know you mentioned 2017 was modestly above the long-term average that you presented at Analyst Day. But just can you be a little bit more granular there because there is this view that if the pork processing commodity margins go from $30 a head on average over the last couple of years to $10 or 0, that there could be significant declines in your base business. That’s what we’re trying to get at. I mean you have obviously come out and said that that’s not going to – I mean that volatility doesn’t translate into your earnings, but I’m just trying to get a better sense of that. So if you could help on the commodity piece and what percentage of earnings it’s been, that would be super helpful. Thank you.
