Jim Snee: I think the best way to think about it Michael is we started-off the year saying the thing that we had to get right was the structure and the process, and making that we could indentify capture, validate and strategically reinvest the savings. So the team is thinking differently as we look to optimize procurement manufacturing and logistics. And certainly 2018 keen focus on labor, overhead, supply. Of course, let's not forget the fact that we put them in the middle of the freight increases and the Fremont divestiture. So they have a lot going on. 2019 we'll have some of the things. But I will tell you that they're also starting to pivot towards the bigger and more structural thing. So an example of that would be as the baseline for freight has probably shifted over the long-term is making sure that we have the most optimize network possible. And so what does that look like for a distribution center, how do we travel fewer miles over the long-term. So, yes we are getting to those bigger and more structural issues. But right now, it is a combination of some of the short-term and long-term things.
Jim Snee: Those will be a little further down the road. I mean for us what is realistic so that we know disciplined and thoughtful, and we'll know more as we get closer.
Jim Snee: As we've looked across the different segments, we look at the sales guidance as realistic. When we think about grocery products coming off a weaker Q4 and really the driver there was the fact that we did have some incremental sales in Q4 of '18 -- we didn’t have in 18 that we did have in '17, but we think we're set up really well because the baseline for our GP business are very healthy. So heading into 2019, we expect that business to show mid single digits growth. Refrigerated foods, it’s a lot more the same in terms of the value-added growth that we expect to see. We’re not expecting anything crazy and JOTS. I mean we've got low single digit increase there, which we believe is very achievable. And then our international growth on the top line is really in line with our historic expectations of high single-digit. So do believe the guide on the sales is very realistic and achievable, and maybe I'll ask give you little more color on your other question.
Jim Snee: Yes, so we haven’t really done so much by quarter. Last year, we talked a little bit about JOTS just because of the very unique situation we were in and the recovery was heavily skewed to Q2. I would tell you or I would guide you to the couple of things that we have called out for Q1 that will impact the business as we did have the benefit last year of a mega tax credit and then you heard in Jim Sheehan's comments the fact that we will have some Fremont closing expenses in Q1. So obviously, we're going to have that as a headwind early in the year.
Jim Snee: So that would imply top and bottom line growth from the Muscle Milk business. And again we've talked about several different components the part of the business that has grown throughout the year and continues to show growth is really the take home or the multi-pack Tetra business. You've seen that in more food drug and mass as they expand out their sports nutrition category, that business has been healthy and will continue to be in 2019. We've seen recovery in the ready to joint space. So we saw growth in the back half of the year like we had said we would, and we expect that to continue in 2019. The area of the business that continues to be under pressure now is the powder business, and really the driver there is just that shift from the traditional brick-and-mortar specialty channel into more online business, and we have spent time and effort and resources building-up that muscle for that digital competency that supports the e-commerce business.
Jim Snee: I think the key driver in JOTS is that we need better fundamentals in the industry. I mean that really is what is going to get us where we need the business to be. And so we've seen some of that happening, but we're still disappointed in the pace. And so we're looking into 2019, we are just projecting a modest growth. But in that modest growth, we know that we'll continue to outperform the industry. And so in some of the areas that Jim mentioned, Akshay, we continue to have a keen focus on security for our facilities to make sure we can avoid another avian influenza outbreak. We had talked about the work that we’re doing in the raise without antibiotics initiatives. And our team continues to make progress and they are making it more efficient and cost-effective. Clearly, they're impacted as much as anyone on the freight side of the business, and so that's not unique to them. And that’s really a companywide initiative on how can we find those mutually agreeable solutions with consumers, while still working in the long term to optimize our network. The other part is we see it as a business that continues to be on trend. We invested in the brands this year. We'll be reinvesting in the brand again in 2019, as we know, Turkey is on trend. And so we have to continue to outperform the industry, and we think the things we've done put us in a position to be point to accelerate our performance, our outperformance versus the industry.
Jim Snee: I think we’re no different than anybody else in that. We’re looking at all of these macro factors. So whether it's African swine fever, freight, tariffs, exports. It's clearly a dynamic situation. And we continue to look at it really on a category-by-category basis. And so refrigerated foods and JOTS are more market based, closer to the market. And so you do have pricing that will move a bit more frequently. GP pricing really is less market driven and impacted by the macro issues that we're talking about. And we took pricing obviously late '17 early '18, and we are looking at only categories by category basis. And we don’t just look at pricing. We’re taking that holistic view of each of our brands in each of our categories understands the levers in regards to trade, other revenue growth management initiatives, and obviously making sure we understand the corresponding projected elasticity. And I guess I would really look the fact that pricing has never easy, never has been so think it ever will be. But the fact that we have number one and number two brands also puts us in a very solid position to make sure that we are taking those leadership roles.
Jim Snee: We discussed in the script that commodity profits would be down 40% from this year, and a major portion of that is the three Fremont plants, the sale of the Fremont plant but we also expect that those -- the margins on those or the spread on those hogs are going to decrease during the year. So I think it's a combination of both.
Jim Snee: One of the things, Eric, that I called out was as those sales have shifted, we were behind the curve in terms of having the digital infrastructure that we needed. And so that has a big initiative for us and we feel like we're in a position now where we have the appropriate content and sales infrastructure that we need. From an advertising perspective, the team that we have in place has reallocated some of those advertising dollars into slightly different messaging, which we're finding to be highly effective. And so I think those were really two of the bigger things that we had to get done and we're well-positioned for 2019.
Jim Snee: I think you touched on this. It's really the fundamentals are moving in the right direction. I think the biggest issue there is really the disappointment in the pace. And so even though the trend in the last quarter was down for full placements, if you look at October, it was actually up a little bit. So I think we've got to stay on track with those fundamentals and see them accelerate. You're correct in regards to breast meat pricing. We see that as a positive. We see inventory levels coming down certainly as a positive but again, still at historically high level. So we need to see that accelerate. We will continue -- as we said several times, we will continue to outperform the industry and the things that we're doing behind the scenes really help us be in place to accelerate the outperformance, but to get back to truly more normalized levels, we need to see the fundamentals accelerate.
Jim Snee: I think 2019 is the year that you will see that where it will be the investments that we've made in those businesses that are driving volume, sales and earnings growth. We see that across the board. We've been very intentional in terms of the investment to support value added business and 2019 is a year that you will see that really connect.
Jim Snee: In regards to the deli business, we don't have any other expenses that we're expecting in 2019 and beyond as we've consolidated this business. For us the bigger issues most of the work was done in 2018 really bringing all of these businesses together and integrating them behind the scenes, there was a lot of work that took place. And so as we've set-off into fiscal 2019 really being able to stand-up this organization and have them ready to go is exciting. In regards to the last part of your question, we've said it's about $1 billion business, and haven't really given any thought into splitting it and operating like that, because it is still closely linked and tied to refrigerated food. It makes perfect sense to have it there. And really the focus now is achieving and doing what we said we were going to do and making sure that it's A, our next growth engine and really helping retailers create the deli of the future and to capitalize on that opportunity.
Jim Snee: So the Ceratti acquisition has met all of our expectations. And as we said, it's really given us a great entry point into the Brazilian market. In 2018, we did take some pricing down there as I think there’re some macro issues around inflation but we've been able to successfully pass along pricing, a reminder that the brand is a premium value-added brand very well recognized by Brazilian consumers. And so it mirrors a lot of what we have here in the United States in terms of being a premium authentic high quality artisanal brand that resonates with consumers. And so business is meeting all expectations. We're in the midst of continuing to make sure we're innovating, adding capacity to capitalize on the growth opportunities that are down there.
Jim Snee: I think it's fair to say everything that you've talked about is included in the growth that we're looking for in 2019. I think the $12 million is going to be in general corporate, but it's reflected in our overall number. But I think the other the other elements that you’re talking about really are reflected in refrigerated foods, and it will be another strong year for them. Jeremy, I guess if there's any more specific detail that you need certainly Nathan can be available to give you those answers.
Jim Snee: So that is now -- the Jennie O business has shifted into our deli organization, which is now included in refrigerated foods. So we are essentially rebasing refrigerated foods to reflect that.
Jim Snee: So we will take all of the meat coming off of Fremont line. Some of that meat will go into our value-added products. Some would be sold as fresh pork. We retain all margins on fresh pork sales. So we’re purchasing the meat at the USDA composite carcass value. So the spread between the carcass value and the sale and either the retail or the provisions market belongs to Hormel. So we’re taking down our harvest by 30% and as we see it, this is with the additional capacity coming online, this is exactly why we made the move to sell Fremont and de-risk the refrigerated foods business and that is the structure.
Jim Snee: I think the biggest driver, obviously, is the strong cash flows of our business, strong cash flows and clearly our balance sheet remains strong for the organization. This is consistent with what we've done over the last decade, so the strong cash flows but the optimism that we have in our business going forward. So as we head off into 2019 and beyond, clearly the dividend is one of the levers when we think about capital allocation but we are in a very, very strong position to make any acquisition that we think is appropriate and strategic for us.
Jim Snee: I think it's going to be a little lower than we saw in fiscal year 2018. We believe that there is still pressure but there's a bit more balance in the marketplace now that the freight lines have had time to work on, and certainly we've spent time working on it. So I guess I don’t want to overstate it but certainly it's a headwind in 2019. And again, it really goes back to this longer-term solution that our supply chain team is working on and what is the right network optimization for us.
Jim Snee: So at the end of the first-quarter, what I've said was that we would increase our advertising and promotional spending in the neighborhood of 20%. And as you know, we were always working to find the highest ROI between all methods of brand support. And while advertising was significantly ahead of last year, good strong double-digit increase, it was below that 20% but we did see our trained dollars come in above plan by an equal amount. So we hit the number that we thought we would, and it does ebb and flow in terms of how we spend those dollars across brands and dollars. The real message here is that we're dynamically managing this brand support for the highest ROI, and we do a lot of time -- spend a lot of time around revenue growth management, pricing, trade, advertising all of those things. So we feel good with what we've said and what we ended up spending. And then we're going to have a fine increase in 2019. And in Jim Sheehan's comments, he talked about some of the brands where we'll be spending those dollars. We'll continue to support the SPAM brand who just -- they're coming off their fourth consecutive record year, and it's a brand that we know will respond well to advertising. We've spent a lot of time and effort and dollars under our Umbrella brand, Natural Choice, and of course the reinvestment in Jennie-O Turkey store business. So feel like our investments are giving us the returns that we need whether they're advertising or trade.
Jim Snee: The freight was $0.06 to $0.08 in 2018, belly markets as I said, we think that we will see volatility and we have seen volatility this year in bellies. We do not have a hedge on bellies right now. We still believe that they're going to be lower over the year. And I'll let Jim talk a little bit about the margins on the bacon.
Jim Snee: Great, thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you to all of you for joining us today. To our team members listening in, thank you for all your tireless work that allows our company to be so successful in the marketplace. Your focus on delivering our key results and maintaining our culture of accountability will continue to make this company uncommon in the marketplace. Have a safe and happy Thanksgiving.
Jim Sheehan: The other item I would add, Michael, is that $75 million we're talking about excludes any previously announced synergies that we have in our acquisitions.
Jim Sheehan: We expect the hog industry to be similar to the structural makeup of 2018, including the supply growth and the volatility based on the capacity coming online. Hog prices right now are low we expect them to be up in the low single-digits. Regarding the spread, we expect the higher supply, the beef that will be available because of the additional capacity coming online while lower the commodity prices, including we expect delis and trimmed hog to be down in 2019.
Jim Sheehan: It's really too soon to tell. And I would tell you, Rob, we have limited African swine fever risk assumed in this plan, because of exactly what you said. It's a risk to the China business but potentially an opportunity for our pork export business. We do believe that if it is a risk to China that we'll be able to take some pricing in line with the rest of the market, but it s really too early to tell. But we're watching and it's certainly in our radar like I’m sure it is everyone else's.
Jim Sheehan: Akshay, one item that I would add is that we’re very excited about the new Melrose plant coming online in the spring. That’s a state-of-the-art plant that will really take our efficiencies to a new level. So that will, as Jim said, the business has outperformed the industry for a long time. This is going to allow us to increase that outperformance.
Jim Sheehan: Our bacon business was very strong, and it ties into to my previous answer in terms of really where is the biggest ROI in terms of pricing or trade. And so we navigate through that. But I would tell you that we’re very pleased with bacon performance for the year, for the quarter, both top line and bottom line.
Jim Sheehan: Well, we'll have the $12 million from the closing of the Fremont sale in corporate expenses, so it won't be -- that will put pressure on increasing the corporate expenses.
