Jim Snee: Okay, great. So, I think the first part in terms of the gap perhaps that you are talking about for the tax benefit. As you think about it, probably the best way we’d say that about half of that could be allocated to the headwinds at Jennie O Turkey Store and freight. And then, the other half really would be allocated to some of the additional investments that we described.  I think the one thing that we want to be clear about, we said it in our presentation, but I think it’s a very important piece in this idea of taking and invest and grow approach versus a protect and defend approach. I mean, we are making some investments this year that we would not have otherwise made. And so, it’s giving us an opportunity to do that.  But that’s really how you should think about probably the – perhaps the gap. On the freight side, we talked about having this co-operational collaboration with our customers, so that we can reach mutually agreed upon solutions that are sustainable. We know there is school of thought out there that says, it’s all going through to the consumer.  We believe that we can work with our customers, whether it’s how we're filling trucks, the routes that we're doing, the number of shipments that we can work hard to potentially offset that. Those conversations are taking place right now, but I mean, we don’t have a timeline for when that’s going to happen and the other part of it is, I mean, we are not opposed to passing along those freight cost, but before we get there, we certainly want to have those conversations to see if there is another way to reach a more sustainable solution. 
Jim Snee: Do you have the breakdown, Nathan? The breakdown when it'd be more positive for the back half of the year, when it will become positive. 
Jim Snee: Yes, Nathan will follow-up on, but I think for us, obviously this recovery has been slower than we expected. We have taken a pretty aggressive approach in how we were forecasting the whole bird market and it’s been below even what we expected and so that’s really been the key driver for the balance of the year and we are seeing some moderation in value-added pieces of business and now we’ve got to work through this whole bird piece.  Jim’s charts did a great job of identifying really the still continued volatility in pulp placements. We haven’t seen the sustained declines and then also really still the elevated cold storage supply and we said those are really the two key variables that are going to get us out sooner than faster. 
Jim Snee: Yes, so, I mean, I think, as we think about 2019, obviously, it’s early in the process, but the way we are thinking about it is we would expect recovery with Jennie O Turkey Store. We really like what we’ve done with the Refrigerated Foods portfolio with the addition of Fontanini for Food Service, but we described to you today as the growth – the next growth engine for Columbus.  Our International business is going to continue to move right along. We feel good about what’s happening in China, the addition of Ceratti. And Grocery Products, quite frankly is rock solid right now, so that core legacy portfolio, those pockets of growth are doing well. We saw improved performance from Muscle Milk. And so, I mean, we believe that that growth algorithm is still a very achievable number and from a cost perspective, I mean, a lot of what we’ve been doing is what Jim described as strategic cost management.
Jim Snee: Yes, I mean, I think, specifically if you want to talk about turkey, I mean, we are probably the only company in the turkey space that really is advertising and supporting the brand and promoting the category. And we know that that’s important to us, because we don’t want to be – if we are not doing that, we run the risk of becoming just a commoditized company.  And so, we believe that communicating the benefit of the brand and the value-added products is incredibly important, and so we are going to be back out in front. Several years ago, we ran to make the switch campaign. We did it again two years ago. Last year, as we got into the heat of the battle, we made some different decisions in terms of reallocating funds. We don’t think it’s a wise move to be off there or away from consumers for more than one year.  So we are going to make sure that investment is front and center this year. And I mean, we have that mentality across all of our brands. We’ve got 35 brands that are number one or number two and when we start talking about these pockets of growth that we have identified and we’ve been able to capitalize on, a lot of it is because we are great brand builders. We are great innovators and so, we need to be able to continue to support that over the long-term. 
