Jeffrey Ettinger: Thank you, Akshay.Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just wanted to—Jeff, if I may just talk a little bit about the processing business and refrigerated foods and others. Always a lot of questions, but it seems like just throughout the industry there’s been above average margin in the processing business; and even though you have higher value-added portion, you’ve been benefiting from that. And you are continuing to say that you don’t expect this to sustain itself, these higher margins. Can you talk about why that’s the case and then why do you expect margins not to be sustainable, and maybe even talk about why they are so high today.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I said it could be but I also said that if you look at based on what our guidance has been formulated against, we don’t think it is. I mean, it’s—but I would have sat here three or four years ago and been fairly astonished at corn regularly now being in the $5 range too. Our best guess right now is that this is still a somewhat temporal run-up, that it will eventually moderate back down to a more normal level; but given that we told you that the last two quarters also and it outlasted our expectations that time, I guess I’m just being a little more cautious in terms of being a know-all and see-all in terms of where this market goes. In the long run, again, it’s just all gets back to when we try to figure out what the likely input costs are going to be and then turn loose our food service and meat products groups to sell value-added products against that cost environment.Akshay Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. I’ll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Ken.Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: So I guess my question is can you talk about what changes you’ve made to Spam and Compleats to regain some sales momentum; and my follow-up just with that is are there channels that you are outperforming because still the retail take-away doesn’t seem as good as what you’re putting up, so I’m assuming it might be in alternative channels. If you could just talk to those two issues, that’d be great.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay. Spam, to me, I really haven’t viewed that as a problem any time during the year. I mean, we had very strong sales in 2009. It’s bounced around a little bit more in 2010 but in the long run we think that’s going to be a nice steady contributor for us, and that’s what it was during the fourth quarter. On Compleats, we were pleased to see a turnaround in Compleats. One quarter to me doesn’t—I don’t take full comfort that, okay, the job’s done. I am excited by the new product offering that the grocery products marketing team and sales organization is bringing to the market, which is Kids Compleats, items that meet the USDA definition for healthy products for children, and so that we hope will stimulate expanded growth during 2011 for those lines. To your second question, without a doubt there is a difference from brand to brand as to how much of our business is in a reported channel versus non-reported channels. I don’t want to get too specific with it but you did happen to bring up—both the examples you brought up have higher than normal sales in the unreported channels.Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well on a coverage basis, we’re still kind of in our normal articulated guidance range that will cover our internal corn and soy needs in the 25% to 75% range. We’ll acknowledge that we’re on the upper side of the 50% rather than the lower side. We did think there was more upside risk heading into 2011 than there was downside opportunity. And so it’s up to—that will help moderate some of the pricing actions that Jennie-O Turkey Store has to take in 2011, but it won’t eliminate them altogether; and indeed, if we don’t get relief in the markets in the long run, they’ll probably have to be right back out there heading into 2012 looking at another step in their pricing. But that’s just something they need to do in terms of managing their customer relationships and consumer reaction to that.  In terms of the commodity markets, I mean clearly they are quite high right now. We don’t sell a lot of breast meat on the commodity market so that element of the composition is less significant to us; but the hifi meat markets are certainly beneficial to Jennie-O and we expect that to be a positive for them in 2011.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, sales all told, if you count all the brands that we combined together with Herdez Del Fuerte over a year ago, and then you add on Don Miguel, we’re talking about a business venture that’s north of $300 million, so it’s a significant investment for us and piece of our portfolio. As I tried to articulate earlier in the comments, you’re not going to see all those sales roll through grocery product sales because the Don Miguel portion is not going to be going through, at least in the first year, and we’ll have to talk with the partner over time as to what the best way is to manage that aspect of the business. That’s in part to allow us to get our hands around Don Miguel and in part it’s in recognition of the fact that nearly half of Don Miguel sales are in the C-store channel and that’s not been our typical forte of our consumer product sales organization; and so we may have a hybrid approach or we may have to bolster our skills within DPS for covering C-stores. But that’s something we’ll chat with the current Don Miguel management and with our partner going forward.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yeah, I think for this upcoming year that will certainly be a plus to grocery products and so instead of the 15% we ended up with this year, you’ll start moving toward that 18% number; but it’s not going to fully get you there.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I’ll take the second question first and Jody’s quickly doing some math and maybe we’ll answer your first question on accretion. In terms of raw material inputs, we are going to take an action on Spam. We’ve announced to our sales organization a price increase on that product line that will kick in effective the beginning of the second quarter. On a Company-wide basis, I mean, we’re really kind of evaluating each portfolio in each area of the business and looking at what consumer behavior’s been, what’s the competitive set like. I think when we take pricing, it’s probably going to be in that 3 to 4% range but we won’t be taking it on every item, and so you can moderate that number downwards somewhat to estimate what the impact of pricing would be on our overall year.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I just came back from their national sales meeting and their group has a good sense of optimism. They understand that it’s still a challenging environment out there, but when you focus in on the branded value-added products they were showing growth in the vast majority of those items through the latter half of the year and have high expectations for those in 2011.Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, I think what we tried to get at earlier was the notion that we think they can maintain the level that they were able to achieve during 2010 and expand it a little bit based on sales increases, but that after a couple of pretty solid growth years in a row that we’re not expecting the huge increases that we’ve seen in the past year. They’ve driven a lot of efficiencies within their operation and I think they’re now in a mode where clearly the top line is going to be important for them in the long run to make sure they keep that momentum.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Okay, be happy to do that. My expectation is that all five units will be up during 2011. I think we’re looking at modest gains, low to mid-single digits for Jennie-O Turkey Store and refrigerated foods. I think we’re looking at a fairly typical gain from specialty foods based on our long-term guidance, so it’s normally 10% but they’re short a week and that’s roughly 2%, so high single digits for them. Our expectations for international are solid double-digit growth and they had a very strong set of years for about four or five years in a row and then the last couple years have not been as strong; and so we’re expecting them to get back on track and be able to generate that. And then grocery, we’re expecting a good year out of grocery. We think they have decent solid momentum in their core portfolio anyways, and then you add to that the Kids Compleat, you add to that the momentum we have in MegaMex, you add our portion of the Don Miguel earnings. And then on top of that we do expect to benefit from the move of the Valley Fresh canned chicken production into our Dubuque facility. That was a part of the write-down we took in the second quarter but we are now producing. We just started that at the end of the fourth quarter and that will improve our cost picture for our chunk chicken line. So all of those things put together should mean the grocery products should be able to have a very strong year in 2011.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Well, it really will be highly dependent on how those final rules look. I mean, we’re certainly in dialogues with the regulators, with our producers. Our producers are writing letters and attending hearings throughout the country. We think that many of the things in the articulated rules would be counterproductive to both our industry and the economy in general, but we’ll just have to see where it ends up sorting out and how many of the restrictions really end up applying. We definitely are in the mode of relying upon contract growing in both Jennie-O and in our hog operations, and so it’s a very important element for us going forward.
Jeffrey Ettinger: The consumer is—our reaction from our consumers to our products has been quite strong, but clearly the overall economy is mixed and still has significant pockets of weakness. Our emphasis is in part on continuing to build the brand. We’ve had a steady effort against the Hormel brand over the last two to three years, and we’ll continue that into 2011. We had an extra-strong effort against the Jennie-O Turkey Store brand in the second half of 2010, and we’re going to kind of take a little more of a wait and see approach as to the level of advertising we go after the Jennie-O brand with in 2011; but our initial read on that advertising was we saw some very nice sales increases. Otherwise, continuing to be innovative with the products is important and that ranges from brand-new products such as Kids Compleats or new versions of party trays to just kind of simple innovations even within existing franchises like our Hormel Chili franchise, simple things like putting easy-open ends on it and reducing the sodium level of the core product. We had a very strong year with Hormel Chili last year just even with simple innovations like that.Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Company: Right. Thank you.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Hi Mike.Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Congratulations on the year. Only in America can inactive positions lead to booking a gain. My boss is going to be really impressed with that – referring to me, of course. If you could, Jeff, take a look back at the year and assess the progress you’ve made on the value-add side within your businesses. 
Jeffrey Ettinger: I’m very happy with it. I mean, I was a little concerned as we ended last year where we had lost momentum in sales. We had a pretty so-so third quarter and a poor fourth quarter last year in terms of sales, and I think the teams really redoubled their effort to make sure that we were doing the right promotions with customers to introduce a couple of strategic good new items, and then the advertising, I think, supported it. And so we saw really very solid growth across most of our major value-added franchises as we ended the year – you know, high significant double-digit gains in grocery and meat products and food service, and the value-added Jennie-O portfolios. So I’m pretty pleased with it.Mike Hamilton – RBC Dain Rauscher: Thanks and congratulations.
Jeffrey Ettinger: I don’t have a full read on that. I mean, you’ve identified both the factors that people are weighing. I guess the best I can tell you is that we intend to hold the line on production.
Jeffrey Ettinger: The difficulty they’ve had the last couple years has really been related to the run-up in hog costs and in turn in trim that goes into Spam. Spam is a key item internationally. Their sales growth for Spam has been fantastic, and in the long run I’m very confident that that building of that franchise is really going to generate some significant profit for that division, but we have to wait for a little bit more moderate situation and their pricing to catch up. They’ve taken some pricing action and they’ve announced their taking further pricing action. They also had benefited from pretty good margins over the years in their fresh pork business and specialized items, but again that got quite tight this year with the way the markets are. We’re expecting a gradual improvement in that picture for them, and then their momentum in these value-added items can drive the day for them. In terms of China, our China focus is primarily in-country with our two facilities, and we’re really not seeing any impact on the business there.
Jeffrey Ettinger: We’re thinking they’ll be a little more moderate, but that’s not the key driver. That will help. We are expecting better results out of a couple of the partnership interests that we have in the Philippines and in other markets. We’re continuing to invest in growing the brand in Japan and so we think those volume increases will be a driver as well.
Jeffrey Ettinger: Yeah, it was—we’ll probably have to get you the exact number, but I think it was in the 14 to 15 million range.
Jody Feragen: Hi Farha, this is Jody. Yes, we do have a significant amount of cash. Certainly our announcement yesterday of a substantial increase to our dividend is to somewhat address that and also to recognize that we did have a very strong year and expect to continue to have a strong year next year. So returning cash to shareholders – we repurchased shares in the fourth quarter; for the full year to the tune of about $70 million. That remains to be another opportunity for excess cash. But really it gets down to looking for those M&A opportunities and internal organic investments in our business. That’s what’s going to grow us. And there seems to be a lot more deals that get announced in the news. I don’t have anything to tell you today. We typically don’t speculate about that. 
Jody Feragen: Diane, I think you may be including the full impact of Don Miguel in your estimation, and attributing it to Hormel when we have to share that with our partner.
Jody Feragen: You know what? I’m going to let you follow up with Kevin after the call. See where your--it’s hard to model on the fly, if you will. 
Jody Feragen: I would say that our feed costs are driven by lower grain costs, and we kind of look at it including whatever gains are flowing through, but remember there’s always that time lag because you’re feeding the turkey for the full time of its life, so there are varying levels that go in there. And we really look at it as a total feed cost overall, so that was one of the drivers for them.Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay.
Jody Feragen: The 7.3 is above and beyond that. That was an unexpected ineffectiveness gain that we had for the quarter.Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And Jeff, I always think you’re a good window into the food service world. We haven’t really been hearing overly bullish commentary on food service, but I’d love to hear what your thoughts are right now.
Jody Feragen: You know, we’ve talked before that we certainly feel we have a balance sheet that could hold upwards to a billion dollars in debt, and we have half a billion dollars of cash on our balance sheet in investments at this point. But traditionally in the acquisition arena, we kind of focus on the 300 million plus or minus, so those are the areas. 
Jody Feragen: Well, let me take a turn at the hog markets here. I’m not sure that I agree with your statement that the producers are in good shape. They had some periods of profitability but with the recent run-up in grains, if they’re not hedged on that I would sense that they’re probably not as profitable, certainly not at the level that they were earlier this year. I would expect that we should see about the same level of production in 2011. I guess it gets back to the demand side of the equation, and as you had indicated, even with some of the negatives with the tariff markets and whatnot in Mexico, we still seem to have that strong demand and that’s something that I don’t have the answer to.
Jody Feragen: I don’t sense that we’re going to see large scale expansion given the profitability for the producers at this point, so that’s correct. I also don’t know what consumers will do when they finally get passed through all the costs that need to go down to the consumer level, and then you also have the competing proteins that would have an impact; and if chicken starts to be a better value for the consumer, that could have some demand impact. So I wish I could give you a definitive answer. I don’t know, and as Jeff indicated in his response, it’s something that we’re just not counting on, but we’ve said that for a couple quarters too.
Jody Feragen: You know, certainly supply we haven’t seen expansion in the hog industry. Anecdotally, I understand that some of the producers are finding it difficult to get the financing that they may need, and some of the larger producers are kind of waiting to see where these grain crops settle in at and to see what their business model will look like before they put anything else on the ground. So I’m kind of going along with where the USDA sees hogs for 2011 at this point, which is basically flat.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: I was just hoping you could help me better understand the composition of your guidance. I know tax rate helps a little bit, but on the divisional level maybe just talking through which divisions you expect to be particularly strong, especially if the accretion from Don Miguel is a bit more modest and you’re looking for a return to more normal—or at least not necessarily peak margins in the pork business.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Great, that’s really helpful. Thank you for the detail. And then just as a follow-up, I was hoping you guys—I know the final rule is it’s probably a little ways out, but maybe just to us a sense of how the GIPSA changes may affect your business.
Lindsay Drucker-Mann – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks for the follow-up. I just had a question on international. If you could maybe just give us a bit of color as to why you think that division from a profit growth perspective has lagged what you think the normalized growth rate might be; and then in addition, if the Chinese initiatives to curb domestic inflation have any bearing on your business there? Thanks.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: I’d just like to drill down a little further on the hog cutout margins. Obviously we’ve got pretty good demand. We’ve got reasonably strong exports. The tariff in Mexico didn’t seem to do anything to stem demand. You’ve got good profit margins at the producer level, and yet we’re seeing very tight supplies. We’re not seeing them expand the herd, and obviously there’s probably some caution on the feed out cost with meal and corn prices where they are. Can you just summarize maybe more on the supply side, kind of give us an idea of how the producers might be looking at this current environment as to what they might do for either expansion plans or no expansion plans.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: So basically everything you said right there, Jody, it sounds like you could have continued relatively strong cutout margins if producers really aren’t willing to expand the herds at this point.
Eric Larson – Soleil Securities: Sure. No, that’s helpful in flavor. It helps clarify some of that stuff. Have a good Thanksgiving everyone.
