Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Thank you, Farha. In terms of REV, we’re really quite pleased with the progress of that relatively new product line. We’re hitting just about the one-year anniversary of it being available broadly in the marketplace. We’ve already hit our trial goal with the product and we’re very close to hitting our repeat purchase goal as well. To give you a sense of scale of the product line, I mean the IRI reported sales, whether you look at the last 13 weeks or last four weeks and extrapolate out on a full year basis, we’re at a pace right now of $50 million to $60 million, so that’s really a quite nice introduction. As we’ve talked about in the past, it’s not presently contributing to Refrigerated Foods segment profit in any meaningful way, because this is an investment time for that brand both in terms of advertising and slotting, but we’re very pleased with the progress thus far. Compleats is a slightly different story, where we continue to see sluggish sales, when it comes to that product line. There are certainly some products within the line that are doing well, including our new Compleats breakfast items. but overall, I would say that is a watch out for us. Our team is earnestly looking at different ways to either present the products in terms of the packaging, or in terms of what should be in the product line, pricing strategies, you name it, but we recognize that we need to restore growth in our Compleats product line.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I guess the only thing that I could add is, I mean at a segment level, to add to Jody’s comment, I mean we think Refrigerated Foods is still in a position to be a strong contributor in Q3, given the delay and impact that we just discussed. And then, by Q4, we expect Jennie-O Turkey Store to be in a position to be providing positive growth, because they worked, by that time, they worked through these weather related issues that we’ve referenced.Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Is your outlook for Q4 for Jennie-O, is it any lighter than it was before, or is your fourth quarter the same as it was, because before you were talking about fourth quarter being a very strong quarter for turkey.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: It’s a positive, but it’s not a massive positive and we really don’t sell a lot of commodity turkey meat in the scheme of our overall operation, obviously, it’s a focus on value-added. But clearly, we would acknowledge that that’s a positive for the group.Robert B. Moskow – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, I’ll pass it on.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Okay. so we just did that this morning. So we wanted to be on a consistent basis with public information, talking to them about an impact starting in June. We talked about being closed on Fridays within that plant, depending on the hog flow in a given week; there may be opportunities to make up some additional hours on the Monday through Thursday schedule. The summer in the past has sometimes been a time where people are looking to take vacation, or you have some scheduling differentials anyway. so what we’ve said is kind of indefinite. We certainly anticipate that it will certainly last at least a couple of months, but we’ll just kind of have to see on a rolling basis, as to when we think we have the numbers back to be in a position to restore that plant to full hours.Diane R. Geissler – CLSA Americas LLC: Okay, thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes, I mean it’s still relevant. I mean we certainly still sell a number of the dark meat items on a commodity basis, either in international marketplaces, or in some cases to other manufactures. so I don’t want to discount and pretend that that’s not a factor at all. It definitely can be a relatively big swing, but clearly the emphasis for Jennie-Our, the 75% to 80% of the portfolio are the value-added items and we’ve really taken pains to try to match up our overall production within the system to those value-added items. The fact that we were short weights this last quarter again, kind of dampened our ability to take advantage of those commodity markets on a more broad basis, because again, we needed to grab as many pounds as possible to make sure we were supporting the value-added items.Eric J. Larson – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: I think Jody addressed that earlier. I mean we clearly have been active in the acquisition community over the last dozen years, completing over $2 billion worth of deals that have helped the growth of our company. We clearly are in a position, we have the financial wherewithal, and I think the team capabilities to do other deals in terms of general spaces, I mean you can get online this afternoon and watch the Bank of Montreal conference and we’ll have a slide in our deck that talks about different areas where we’ve made acquisitions in the past. But we really don’t provide any specificity about potential targets going forward and that’s something that the team keeps on a proprietary basis.Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC:  Okay. Any just maybe follow-up comment on the deal activity in the space right now, I’ve seen a few transactions already in 2014. So, just maybe some color on your thoughts on what that means for the sector, industry and use specifically.
Jeffrey M. Ettinger: Yes. I don’t know that I have a perspective that would be any better than an investor who is following the space. Clearly, there have been some deals announced recently. I’ve been in the shop now nine years and there has been an ebb and flow of deal during that whole timeframe, there’s fairly notable changes in the industry, I think that’s just part of what happens in modern business. But I guess I don’t have any specific perspective to offer you at this point.Sachin Shah – Albert Fried & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jody H. Feragen: That’s a lot of questions. Let me try to answer them. First of all, we like to look for acquisitions that would add to our strategic platforms, certainly, those that are in growing categories and we certainly like number one or number two. We like them to be accretive to the segment profits, as well as accretive to the company as a whole. And we’re always looking for something where we bring more than just the checkbook to the closing. Certainly, anything that offers the opportunity to expand in the international area would be equally, or if not more appealing. So that’s kind of some of the things, if you look back at the SKIPPY transaction, that’s really what we got with that, so certainly looking for some of that. As far as transactions, where there has been a lot of them some expected, some unexpected. So I would say there’s probably some divesting of orphan brands like SKIPPY was, and then probably some consolidation, so a mixed bag there.
Jody H. Feragen: Bob, I think there are some – certainly some unknowns and we’ve done our best job of making estimates of what those impacts are going to be for us. I will tell you that the macro industry conditions, relating to the hog supplies probably is hitting us a little later than we originally anticipated, but we’ve done our best job in factoring that. We have a few levers we can pull as far as making sure that some of the businesses have the appropriate investments to drive their business.
Jody H. Feragen: Sure, you’re right. Working capital was a big use of cash for the quarter. We saw a pretty significant inventory build, part of that was driven by just those rapidly rising costs that were going into our products, so not necessarily more tonnage, but higher costs. And then also driven by, I think, some of the comments that we’ve made about preparing for these potential holes in the hogs where we’re taking certain of our valued primals and having them be in storage so we have enough supply for later. So those would be the biggest drivers on the inventory. We did see a reduction in our payables, specifically related to the timing of the tax payment. So that was expected. And then really from a free cash flow standpoint, our CapEx spending is up year-over-year and that as we messaged even from the beginning of the fiscal year, we’re making certain investments in productivity improvements, we have new vendoring operation that’s kind of just the cost of doing business that will be much more efficient with that. And then adding some capacities certainly the new bacon one product resulted in some expenditures to get that product launched, so a mix of some not repair and maintenance, but ongoing upgrades to existing facilities, as well as some new expansions. So those would be the biggest. I would expect by the end of the year that we will get our inventories down at some more normalized levels, but really trying to work through these difficult times that we’re expecting.Akshay S. Jagdale – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Jody H. Feragen: Well, that would obviously be up to the foundation, if their interest is in selling any shares. We certainly do have authorization that would allow us to do any repurchases of shares. We made some small purchases during the quarter and we continue to assess what our expected uses for cash flow are and balance that with what kind of ROI we get on the investment and our internal stocks. So I’m not in control of what the foundation wants to do with their shares.Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, fair enough, I’ll pass it on. Thanks very much.
