Jim Sheehan: We did build inventory at the end of the year and that will give us visibility on some important primals into the first quarter. So I would say well into the first quarter.
Jim Sheehan: Thomas back to your first question. When you think about that $0.10 in CytoSport, you should think about it $0.04 came out of Grocery Products, $0.03 was a reduction on net unallocated through the gain. And then there was a $0.03 tax gain. So that's how you can think about the $0.10.
Jim Sheehan: For 2020, I would target it in the $40 million to $60 million range, Heather. It's a small number, so small changes have a big percentage impact. We had the CytoSport gain in 2019. But we've also lowered our selling expenses. We had lower employee-related expenses. Some of the cost-saving programs that we put in place are showing their impact in SG&A. But I would see it in the $40 million to $60 million range.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah. I mean, really, Heather, that changes every year. And, of course, our supply chain people are able to navigate and take advantage of the opportunities. Obviously, there was an announcement in regards to China here recently. We just learned that we have seven of our plants that are approved. We're still working through the details. But at a very high level, we expect that announcement and the opening of the market to be positive for us.
Jim Sheehan: From a pricing perspective Rob, I mean, if there is a -- if there is a dramatic run-up in pricing, what we've talked about it in regards to what's happened or what happened with PEDV. And really there you had the run-up -- belly prices for example went up, I think it was at $1.30 to $1 -- $1.30 to $2.50 in three months. And we were able to take pricing, the market warranted it and customers understood that. And if you go back to what happened on shelf, bacon that was usually $3.99 to $4.99 went to $9.99. And so there's a precedent here. And I think depending on how the markets weren't that pricing the customer -- we've had the conversations with the customers. Really we've been talking about ASF for over a year now and it's not going to be a surprise to anyone.
Jim Sheehan: Yes. And from a pricing perspective, nothing really to speak of on the retail front. Some adjustments on foodservice but we always talk about how we're able to stay a little bit closer to the markets with our foodservice business but nothing that was overly impactful.
Jim Sheehan: It does take into account some share repurchase. And we face share repurchase on our intrinsic value of the stock and the amount of stock options that are being exercised offset for dilution. So we do have a number in there. So yes.
Jim Sheehan: Yeah, Adam. I think a good example is hams right now. Hams averaged $69 in the fourth quarter and they're up to $94 early in -- or late last week. So you're seeing some inflation in hams that I would say normally you wouldn't see. So I would say there's opportunities in some of the other commodities.
Jim Sheehan: Well, we're talking about advertising costs, we're talking about the increase that we're seeing in advertising costs for instance we're expecting in the high single digits and that's off the base without CytoSport. You're going to see higher SG&A, because we're going to have some Orion implementation cost in SG&A. So I'd say that those would be unusual from a run rate. So we're talking about some unusually high expenses in SG&A because of the implementation of Project Orion that will start actually in the next couple of weeks. We'll start some implementation with that. 
Jim Sheehan: And, Adam, I would say, I mean, some of the more detailed items, certainly you follow-up with Nathan or corporate. And that we -- for us, the message here is really the pre-tax operating profit growth that's in line with that 5% to 7% or organic target that we laid out at Investor Day.
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, Benjamin. You are correct. The increase of what we expected in 2019 had to do with the early stages of the acquisition of the property for the Columbus expansion. Originally we thought that was going to fall into 2020 but we got to close a little bit faster than what we thought. And you are correct in the three big projects that we're looking at in our $360 million is finishing up the Burke project, the Columbus expansion and Project Orion and I'll refer to you to -- I'll refer to you to Nathan to get a little bit more detail on the actual breakout of those numbers.
Jim Snee: Eric, I would say that for the year it was relatively flat. One of the things that we've done really well over time is we've been able to consolidate some of our advertising dollars against key brands where we used to have dollars spread a little more widely. But when you think about the work that we've done with SPAM, with SKIPPY, with Natural Choice, with Hormel Pepperoni and now really getting back in the game with our Jennie-O Turkey Store advertising efforts in select key markets, our focus has changed a little bit. And so -- but we've been pleased with the results and the dollars would say relatively flat for the full year.
Jim Snee: Okay. I'll start with the second one first, Ken. In terms of the turkey business, we are very positive as we head into 2020. And it's really -- the story is being able to do what we set out to do when we talked to you last quarter. We talked about the need to regain distribution. And we've been able to gain some of that distribution back in the fourth quarter. We have more work to do for the full year, but we do expect to see a sequential improvement as we progress throughout the year. And, of course, not only just gaining back that distribution, but being able to support that business with appropriate advertising dollars that really we had backed off for the last several years as we're facing some of those headwinds. In regards to the two expansion projects that we talked about we're going to -- between the two of them will be roughly $300 million combined. As a reminder, we have already spent some of the money in the Burke project when we announced that and we are quite a ways along. Again, the key message to remember here with both of these projects is that they're supporting our value-added growth. The new plant in Nebraska is designed to support our Columbus business, which has performed incredibly well, and the same thing with our Burke business. Not only does it support the Burke organization, but it supports the pizza topping business in our core foodservice organization. So we're excited to not only announce those projects, but have them come online to really support the business.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thomas I think the best way to think about it, in 2019, our results included about $0.10 EPS for CytoSport, which is in our Grocery Products segment profit. And then when you consider that along with a higher tax rate of about $0.03, I mean, that's really where you'll find how our growth is in line with that 5% to 7% organic growth target. So thinking about 2019 actual 1.80, Cyto at 10, tax at 3, gets you to 1.67 number, really as probably a base. And I would say, if there's additional information you need, feel free to follow-up with Nathan.
Jim Snee: Sure. Let me try to help you. When we talk about our export business in international, there's really two components. We've got a strong branded export business. And you would think more around SPAM and SKIPPY, and then our pork export business. So there are two parts. And as we think about 2020, our branded export business is expected to be strong. And although, we talked about it being a little bit soft in the fourth quarter, that really was more of a timing issue. When you think about the fresh pork piece that's really driven about - driven by everything that's happened in the marketplace. As you think about some of the global reorganization of how pork has slowed, especially throughout the Asia region. And that's going to continue to be a headwind until all of the tariffs and global trade uncertainty gets resolved. So that's the first piece, the export piece. The second piece in terms of cost increases in Brazil, we saw kind of a constant run up throughout the year. The biggest impact really in the fourth quarter. And so we did get a little more aggressive with our pricing in the fourth quarter and then we expect some of those cost increases to moderate next year. But that's really what's driving those comments around exports and input costs in Brazil.
Jim Snee: Yes. So I mean, we are very pleased with what the team was able to get done in the fourth quarter. And it's consistent with the commentary that we've provided that when we did lose distribution, the category tended not to perform for the retailer. And that where we did have distribution the category was performing as expected. And so being able to take that story and remind the retailers of what we're able to do with the leading brand has been very powerful. And then of course, we are supporting it. We've talked about some of the advertising in select key markets. We are supporting it with trade dollars, especially at the outset. But the big win here is the distribution gain as we head off into 2020. Also would remind you that we have more work to do. So we have regained distribution but we have more work to do early in the year and really throughout the year. And then just as a reminder for the JOTS business, we are going to still lap some pre-recall sales in Q1. So when you take the total year, we are very, very optimistic about the JOTS business, starting with what we've been able to get done in the fourth quarter.
Jim Snee: Sure. I mean, you hit on obviously the key risk factor and we talked about that in the comments in regards to ASF is less of an event from an international perspective. If tariffs are lifted and we see a more – well, we would consider a more normalized flow of product. And then the other thing that we just talked about is if we're able to gain back distribution at JOTS faster than anticipated. I mean, those are things that really drive us towards the top side. On the bottom side, if the impact of ASF is sustained and steady increases in costs that continue to compress margins as we're catching up with pricing that could be a headwind. But as we talked about that's on the way up. And once costs moderate, we'll be in a much better position. But that's really how we're thinking about bottom side and top side of the range.
Jim Snee: Certainly. So let's start with hogs. Hogs went up about 11% in the fourth quarter of 2019 and we anticipate that they'll go up 15% over 2020. With higher prices in the back half compared to the first half. The cutout value was up 4% in the fourth quarter. We think it will go up probably just under that 15% and with a similar run rate with higher prices in the second half compared to the first half, bellies were up 15% in the first quarter and we think that they're going to go up low single digits. And we see belly is fairly consistent across the time frame. Now bellies are up 132 now, so they're a little bit lower right now but we've seen a lot of volatility in the belly markets. So we've seen some significant moves even day-to-day in the belly market. And then 72% trim, which of course is an important input, was up 9% in the fourth quarter. We think they'll be up high single digits in 2020 with higher prices probably in the back half. They're at $76 as we look at it today, so they've already seen a little bit of a run-up from where they were in the fourth quarter. So you're seeing that volatility in the trim and the bellies and as we always say, volatility will create some noise for us between quarters. In the end it will -- we'll be able to recover those costs but volatility will be important to us. We'll watch that.
Jim Snee: Yeah. Michael, I mean, we are very bullish. I mean, all the brands that we had in the press release, I mean, those are the ones that have grown and really are on trend with today's consumer. And not only are we growing the core business, but we're innovating against those. And when you talk about our foodservice brands, especially Bacon 1 and Fire Braised, the growth opportunities for both of those brands in our foodservice space are still very, very strong. We talked about the Bacon 1 growth and how it happens account by account and that's really a hallmark of how our foodservice business operates. It's the ability to penetrate, saturate and dominate the operator community with these key brands. We also have obviously plenty of capacity for Bacon 1 as we completed the expansion of our Wichita, Kansas facility last year to meet the needs for that business. The other thing that we talked about in the prepared remarks is the fact that we're now moving Bacon 1 into the club channel under our Thick Cut reserve brand, where it's met with a lot of consumer acceptance. So we feel good about both Bacon 1 and Fire Braised, not only in core food service and then we didn't even talk about the opportunities that they represent in the deli business for the prepared foods section. So, very bullish on both of those, along with all the brands that we have listed in our press release.
Jim Snee: That is not how we think about it. We're thinking about it just being a few percentage difference between the first and the second half. So we don't see a significant run-up in the market.
Jim Snee: Bellies averaged about 157 in the fourth quarter and right now bellies are at 132. So you've seen some movement but you've seen volatility in bellies for the last two years. So I wouldn't say that amount of volatility we've seen in bellies in the fourth quarter and early into our first quarter is anything unusual.
Jim Snee: Yes, the contribution Rupesh is going to be minimal in 2020. Really for us, it's the learning about that space. Another is the reception at the retailer and consumer level has been positive. We're probably seeing a little more acceptance in the foodservice space. And so the foodservice team has done a nice job with that same retail pack introducing it into foodservice operators. In addition, just some of the blend burger items that we talked about at Investor Day. So it's really the combination of I'll say the pure play and then also the blended play that we're very intrigued by our agile team is already working on 2.0 to build out that line, thinking about different forms that we should be taking to the marketplace. So -- and based on the early read, it's positive, we're still heading down that path to build out the line, but I wouldn't look for any meaningful contribution in 2020.
Jim Snee: Yes. It's a really, really good question. And when -- at a high level with ASF, we fully understand the scenario that results in higher prices. And I think we've talked a lot about our ability to price in the event that we see a larger scale or bigger impact ASF have had, whether that's domestically or in our business in China. The SPAM brand is a brand that has probably some of our strongest pricing power. To be honest with you, it's in a category by itself, so to speak. And if you remember, we did take SPAM pricing this year based on some of the runoff that we saw, not only in the market, but some of the buildup that we'd have in expenses over the last couple of years. And we do have a scenario modeled where if we have to take pricing again. We're positioned to do that. But we are closely watching the fundamentals of supply and demand. And if we need to take pricing with SPAM, we'll do that. To your point, what's happening in China with SPAM is incredibly positive. It's exceeded all of our expectations and we've been able to really build out that distribution even faster than we expected.
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, the growth has been steady, but it has exceeded the expectations, when we model putting in the SPAM line in our plant in Jiaxing, China. We've been able to exceed the distribution growth expectations that we had, even in spite of some of the higher costs.
Jim Snee: Yes, Peter you're right. I mean, we do have the high end of the pricing would be driven by the scenario that results in higher cost coming from ASF. And the elasticity is really vary across business unit and vary across brand. What we saw, and again I'll go back and reference what we saw during the PEDV event, where you saw belly prices go from $1.30 to $2.50, retails go from $3.99, $4.99 to $9.99 and we still saw very strong volumes in that bacon category. And so it does vary from category to category, business to business, but we obviously are very incredibly sensitive to that working closely with the retailers and having the brand strength, the brand power that we referenced in our comments and then also having that direct-selling organization in our foodservice business is the opportunity to get in front of the customers and tell the story of the products as a solution versus just the cost.
Jim Snee: No. I mean we haven't really thought about it that way. Just again, as a reminder, we're still lapping some of the pre-recall sales from Q1 of last year as we head into 2020. Really the key takeaway for JOTS is this distribution wins for lean ground Turkey. We're obviously working on the next few wins and we've got to bring those across the finish line. Still early but we're really seeing the right signs for this business. And that's why we feel like they have so much momentum going into 2020.
Jim Snee: So on behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, thank you to all of you for joining us today. To our team members listening in, thank you for all your tireless work that allows our company to be so successful in the marketplace. Your focus on delivering our key results and maintaining our culture of accountability is truly uncommon. Happy Thanksgiving.
