Jim Snee: Our Jennie-O Turkey Store business, they are continuing to navigate difficult industry conditions, but we are seeing signs of supply reductions. And we talked about the industry harvest, which is down 3% year-to-date. We are seeing pork placements down low single digits, which is a good metric. The cold storage inventories, we’re seeing breast meat down 3%. On the other hand, we are seeing whole birds up 14%. As we’re thinking through this, fairly those are some positive indicators for the business. But because of that run up in whole bird inventories and the decrease in the whole bird market, that’s still going to have an impact on the back half of this year and into early 2019. But we do think these indicators are going to continue. And then of course through the work that we're doing on the value-added business with our Jennie-O lean ground turkey our Oven Ready turkey items, we believe that we’re still well-positioned to return to growth in the first half of 2019.
Jim Snee: As a reminder, freight is has been a headwind. We expect it to continue in the second half and into 2019. And we’ve been working to solve it a few different ways. We did talk about working with our customers to find mutually agreeable solutions. And we’re thinking about minimizing miles, maximizing weight, how many days a week do you need delivery. And I will tell you that our customers are very open to those discussions. Of course, we’re working internally to make sure that we are as efficient as we can be. And then there are situations where we are taking pricing as well when we’re unable to find those mutually agreeable solutions. So it is a variable plethora of things that we’re working on. But again the big message here I think is that it's going to continue to be a headwind back half of this year and into 2019.
Jim Snee: The reason we kept the range where it is, we know that there's still volatility in the marketplace; and volatility in terms of what's happening in the pork industry; volatility in terms of what's happening in the freight industry; and so we felt that it was very appropriate to keep that range. From our perspective, as we think about the second half of the year, refrigerated foods is poised to have a strong second half. Our value-added business will continue to offset what we expect to be commodity declines; Jennie-O Turkey store going to continue to be up against industry oversupply pressures, and whole bird pricing. Our international business and we talked a little bit about what could potentially happen with tariffs in pork, but our business in China is doing quite well. And so I mean there's a number of things out there that can set us up for a strong second half and that's what we're expecting in our business.
Jim Snee: From our perspective, it's really a competitive issue. And we called out the C-store in the specialty channel, because that's where our challenges are. In the C-store business, we are still recovering from a third party recall in 2016. We thought we had some signs of life in the first quarter that didn't play out into the second quarter, so we know that we still have work to do to get our distribution back in line. Our brand teams are working on consumer messaging, and making sure that we have the right pricing. The specialty channel is something that is less competitive and probably more structural as sales in that channel continue to migrate online. We're working to move more of our sales online through our digital experience effort that we have going on. And so the other thing I would tell you is, at the beginning of year, we did merge specialty foods into grocery products. And we believe that that is going to offer the appropriate level of branding and marketing support. So we do expect results to improve in the back half. But I would tell you that that’s mostly due to easy comps. Our bigger concern for the business is really getting it back to a healthy and sustainable growth level.
Jim Snee: So we told you in Q1, Ken, that we're working to get the structure and process in place. We've had Glenn Leitch heading up our supply chain now for all of four months. And we are making progress in that area, and our focus is on progress. He's been very busy working on a number of different things, operational consistency, labor utilization, looking at our broad co-packer network. We had a question already around fright, and he has been active in that space. And so we are still in, I would say, the structure process and progress mode, and we’re pleased with the progress we’re making. But we are still not where we need to be in terms of the methodology.
Jim Snee: I think we have insights into what we’re achieving. So we know what we’re capturing. I think the issue for us is we want to make sure that those numbers, whether they are being reinvested are going through to the bottom line that is still a work in process for us. Cost savings, as we’ve told you, is not new to us, it’s something that we've had throughout our business for a very long time. We are just trying to take a more global approach to it.
Jim Snee: I mean we’ve said for some time in refrigerated foods, the focus on the long term trend really is for growing our value-added sales. And we know that there's going to be some short term noise with changes in markets and commodity profits. And I think we’re still seeing that play out. Some of the new capacity has come online much slower than announced. But we’re still worried about controlling what we can control, and really that's driving our value-added business. And we’re doing that with Natural Choice, Bacon 1, the strategic acquisition of Columbus, which is doing very well. And that's the refrigerated food story going forward. And so we’re pleased with that business. We are and we did say that the volume growth was driven by those acquisitions. And so we’re pleased that those strategies are playing out as well.
Jim Snee: I would tell you that both of those are meeting our expectations, and both of them are showing growth year-over-year. They’re in different stages of the integration process. Fontanini, we’ve got the operations piece integrated, and we’re ahead on the sales and marketing integration in the food service. From a Columbus perspective, we are starting the systems and operations integration here the next several weeks. And then the sales and marketing integration is a work in process but that will be up and running for fiscal 2019.
Jim Snee: Just as a reminder, there’re different ways that we price in both the food service and retail channel; in our food service business, we probably are on 30 day lag; on the retail side of the business, probably more like 60 days. And we feel like we are still in a very strong position to be able to take pricing when appropriate. And we think what happened to our business towards the tail end of last year really supports that position. If you think about how we were faced with significant input cost increases, in six of our seven largest inputs, we took pricing on Wholly Guacamole, SKIPPY, chili, stew, hash. And it’s not easy but we were able to get that pricing through. So it's not easy but it certainly is achievable. And then I think you can see how that plays out as we wrap up the second quarter, some of the items that we’re talking about that showed growth were Wholly, chili, stew, and hash. So we believe that we have the appropriate pricing power when necessary. On the freight side of the business, wouldn't say that we’ve recaptured all the freight costs. But I think the fact that we’re going at it in a myriad of different ways is the right way to do it.
Jim Snee: Well, our contract manufacturing business is -- it’s not a strategic play for us. It is and I think we’ve been pretty open about it. It is more of a capacity play for us. And I think we all see what’s happening in the contract manufacturing environment. It’s a tough competitive environment. We experienced that this quarter. And we know that it's going to continue to be a challenge. Our goal in all of it is we want to fill up our capacity with our value added sales, and that’s our number one goal. So it has an impact this quarter, and we do see it ebb and flow from quarter-to-quarter and from year-to-year.
Jim Snee: Heather, on the food service side of the business, I think you talk about it being a cost pass through, and we do see some of that. But I would tell you in our food service business, we really believe we have some stickiness in the pricing as well. On the retail side of the business, we have been able to hold on to the price increases that we saw at the end of last year. And then also, we've seen strong volume growth in many of those brands that we took pricing on. So the Wholly Guacamol, chilis, stew, has items, we have retained pricing and we’ve seen some nice volume growth.
Jim Snee: And Eric you're also correct. I mean we are going to be back with our very successful Make the Switch campaign. We know and we've seeing the results that can deliver. And we are focused on the value-added portfolio at Jennie-O with our lean ground turkey Oven Ready product. So all of things, in concert, is really what lead us to have our view that we’ll see growth in the first half of 2019.
Jim Snee: There is one very aggressive competitor in the marketplace. In the category itself, I mean, we saw -- the most recent report, we saw some share growth. But we saw a sales decline, because we had to be very aggressive and take on that competitive activity. And so I mean you're right. In the first quarter, we did feel like maybe we'd turned the corner, but the second quarter did not continue that trend. And we know that we still have to work to get our distribution line. We've got a great distribution partner with Pepsi, but we haven't solved it yet. And so we are working on a lot of fronts in terms of distribution, messaging, pricing, branding. It's all hands on deck and we do believe the transition from specialty and grocery products will help over the long-term.
Jim Snee: We haven’t seen that kind of impact, Rob. Our value-added business in our refrigerated foods segment continues to be healthy. And I mean, one of our impact there might be, I would suspect, that it is a short-term impact and then it comes back.
Jim Snee: The finest pork business is on trend, it’s a great addition to our portfolio and we still like the business. Have we had some headwinds and challenges? Some in our control, some outside control absolutely. I think, from a more holistic approach, I mean we are still committed to reviewing our entire portfolio and making sure that it's a good healthy strategic review. And for those businesses that no longer make sense, we will take the appropriate action. So we haven’t backed off that strategic perspective. But I would say at this point CytoSPort is still very positive business, very on trend and a great addition to our portfolio.
Jim Snee: So as I said, we had Glenn Leitch in a role now for about four months and he has been busy with a number of different initiatives, getting into operational consistency across all of our facilities as we break down the different silos going from a business unit approach to one global supply chain, looking at labor utilization, efficiencies. We’ve got a very broad co-packer network and looking for opportunities for improvement there. Freight, obviously, has been probably a disproportionate amount of the time that they’re working on. As we again work on minimizing miles, maximizing weight and working with our customers. He is also looking at ways to mitigate moderate volatility throughout the supply chain. Inventory management is a key focus. So there certainly are a number of things that he's working on. And for us, the base thing is that they’re finding and going to continue to find efficiencies that we wouldn't have found without having this one supply chain across our organization.
Jim Snee: The main driver was the acquisition of the businesses. We've taken three days out of our past cycle. We identified that as one of our priorities. So we've been very pleased with the progress that we’re making on the number of days of inventory we’re holding, turning our receivables quicker, and also taking advantage of our ability to manage our accounts payable better. So we’re very pleased with the progress we've made on the improvement in the cash conversion cycle.
Jim Snee: So we expect to see margin improvement on the value-added business as we continue to move through the cycle. I mean, it is what you said. I mean, the whole bird impact right now is really is weighing the business down.
Jim Snee: From our perspective, the areas that are going to need investment is, automation clearly, is one of them. And as we think about what's happening with the labor force, going forward, we're just -- it's an issue we're going to have to deal with, and automation will be an area that can help us. From a distribution perspective, I do think that we're going to have to continue to evaluate our distribution structure as we have changes into the business with some of these acquisitions and where it may be, where their supply chains are located. But a lot of that is just normal course of business. We don't see a significant change to our maintenance CapEx level. We see our investments really coming -- continuing to come to drive our value-added capacity needs. But the supply chain is doing some great work to make sure that we're properly aligned for the future.
Jim Snee: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased with the record earnings announced, and I'm confident in our strategic priorities and our direction, as well as our ability to continue to proactively manage the challenges facing us for the balance of this year. We have an experienced and talented team in place that will allow us to overcome these challenges, deliver our key results and continue to drive growth for our shareholders. Have a safe Memorial Day weekend.
Jim Sheehan: It’s an average. We’ve see a lot of volatility in the deli prices and on average, we see them relatively flat to last year. They are lower right now than last year. So again, these are all markets that have been very volatile that's our best estimate at this time.
Jim Sheehan: Eric I would look for a couple of things. We’re seeing of the harvest level go down 3% as we talked about, that's a good indicator. The pull placements, if I were to give you a number, it’d probably be 5% to see a 5% decline in pull placements would tell us that we’re getting there. Breast meats, in general on a $2 breast meat, the market becomes healthy again. What’s the real drag now is this whole bird situation, which whole bird inventory is still up 14%, the market I think is at $0.87 right now, $0.84 somewhere in there. And that pricing is going to drag on until the first quarter. So we certainly see some good indications that things are turning the right direction.
Jim Sheehan: Yes, it was, Rob. It was mainly driven by CytoSport. So remember, we've got the consolidation of specialty foods, which is now CytoSport and also grocery products.
Jim Sheehan: For the steel impact on our business, it runs probably 1% to 2% of our cost of goods. We have not seen a pricing impact. We don't expect to see pricing impact for the balance of this year. And at this point, it’s looks like it’s going to be on product coming from China. Our supply chain is not dependent on the product coming from China. The soonest that we would see increases, just on a regular increased basis, would be in calendar 2019.
Jim Sheehan: No, we have higher seed cost in the second half. We’ve seen some volatile pricing because of the weather in South America strong demand. There has been delayed planting in the U.S., so the main driver is higher soybean deal. And we are hedged for half two and some of 2019 between 25% and 75% through derivatives and forward purchases.
Jim Sheehan: As we think about 2019, Ken, we always tell you we haven’t started the formal process yet. But we’re still very optimistic about the earnings power that we feel like we've created through the strategic acquisitions, the CapEx investment that we’re making and the focus on those strategic imperatives. For refrigerated foods, continued strong fundamentals and growing our value-added sales, both in retail and food service. The impact of the new deli group, as a growth vehicle for refrigerated foods, will play a positive role. In grocery products, we expect continued momentum in the core grocery products portfolio, and we’re going to continue to be working to get CytoSport back on track in that GP model also. JOTS is going to be an ongoing recovery in turkey, and then our lean ground turkey, our Oven Ready products, the whole value added initiative. So we do see that return to growth in 2019. And I'm still very optimistic about our international business. The new plant in China is adding the much-needed capacity. The business is healthy. Our branded exports are very strong. The addition of Ceratti in Brazil is going well with good volume growth. So we’re optimistic about the business going forward as we head into 2019.
Jim Sheehan: We’ve said Columbus was going to be accretive by $0.02 in 2018 and Fontanini -- Ceratti was going to be basically $0.01…
Jim Sheehan: 2019 Columbus will be accretive $0.06 to $0.08 and Ceratti will -- we haven’t really said anything yet.
Jim Sheehan: We’re still evaluating the business, it will be accretive. We haven’t identified what the final accretion will be.
Jim Sheehan: Well, I mean, obviously, it had a very positive impact on the business, both Columbus and the Fontanini. So I mean, still a very positive impact for refrigerated. Refrigerated was up without them but it did have a -- it was an addition.
