Jim Snee: Thanks, Adam. I’ll go ahead and start and I’ll let Jim finish up some of the markets. But you are right, there obviously are a lot of moving pieces as we are thinking about 2021 just like they were in 2020. It does start with the demand side of the business. I think if you go back to our channel guidance around retail showing growth, albeit at a slower rate, foodservice having some modest recovery, deli business showing some growth and international maintaining its strength, I mean, that’s the important first piece of the puzzle.  The second piece of the puzzle for us is the structurally higher capacity. And so, as we have tried to be very upfront about is, we didn’t meet the demands of the business in the fourth quarter, but there is a lot of work happening behind the scenes. A lot of it was already planned. Some of it came to beat during the pandemic.  But it’s work and execution that the team has been accomplishing over that time, that’s why we feel good about where we are going to be from a capacity perspective heading into 2021 to meet the demands of the business.  From a COVID cost perspective, Jim talked about having the same cost structure in the first-half for the business. We need to all understand when does the vaccine come into play. When is it distributed? When can we see broad distribution. But I think the timing that we’ve been hearing and have recently heard, is that first-half, second-half window seems to make sense. So, the demand side and the supply side for us, we feel really good about as we head into 2021. Jim, I’ll let you maybe talk about some of the markets or any other financial information. 
Jim Snee: Sure, Adam. If you go back to Q4 of last year, we really had started to turn the corner in terms of our strategy that we were building out in regaining the lost distribution, especially for our lean ground business and we had a solid Q4, solid Q1, and quite frankly, Q2 was pretty good as well. I mean, as COVID came into play and dramatically impacted the supply side of the business for that product, also impacting just the supply chain, right, vertically integrated supply chain that had plant pauses, severe disruption, increased costs.  Now, as we made our way through that, we are still seeing impact in the supply chain. Anytime you back that supply chain up, you are going to have impacts for a while. The part that we remain optimistic about is the strategy of building out distribution, we still had success with lean ground turkey. The dramatic impact beyond supply chain has been Jennie-O foodservice business, like in the Hormel Foodservice business significant declines, they are just probably a little greater.  It’s driven - they’ve got a bigger presence in K-12 business, but just been dramatically impacted this year. So, I mean, you are right, it’s been a mixed bag for Jennie-O over the last several years. But we feel good about where we were headed pre-COVID. We’ve done all the right things during the COVID environment and feel like as we emerge from this pandemic, the fundamentals of the business, especially on the retail side are strong and then we are going to need to see the recovery on the foodservice side.
Jim Snee: Right. So, I mean, you hit on it on the first-half of the year. I think the second part of your commentary that there is a unknown of – even though we will have a vaccine in place, but how quickly are you going to see that recovery in foodservice and how quickly are consumers going to move back to historic behaviors. I think it’s too early to tell. I mean, we do see a modest recovery in foodservice. But I don’t think retail is just going to hit that cliff. I think the other part for us in the back half of the year is the fact that we did have some of these supply disruptions and we did meet all the demands of the business. So, from a comp perspective, we think there is going to be opportunities for us as well in the back half.  So, that’s what’s really driving our outlook for the retail business, the continued comps in really the first part of the year and then as we are going to be comping against some unmet demand in the back half of the year. 
Jim Snee: Yes. So, Ben, we certainly would agree it’s been unusual and challenging. The work that our supply chain team has done has been absolutely phenomenal, not just with the Fremont transition, in the midst of this pandemic and making sure that we’ve got one message consistently across the organization. The guidance or the comments that we’ve made about sales growth does play out in a 52-week year.  Obviously, we’ve got a 53-week year next year. But for us, the business we expect moderate growth in our retail business. So, if you go back to the grocery products business, I mean, we were showing steady growth in grocery products. Our foodservice business has been a shining star in our organization and continues – had been outperforming the industry significantly.  The investments that we’ve made around our business out was deli and then, of course, our international business. But, for us, there is some returns. So just at that level of normalcy where we can see our retail businesses return to historical growth. Our foodservice business, the foodservice industry gets back to some level of normalcy.  We’ve got the right investments. We’ve got the right structure. We’ve got the right businesses to take advantage of those market conditions. And so, it is obviously unusual and challenging. But we remain very, very confident in the way that we’ve built the balance across the organization. We have improved sales capabilities on the ecommerce side.  We’ve made investments in consumer insights and analytics. So, we’ve done all the right things to support the growth of this business over the long-term. 
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, we think there is continued opportunities in China and then we’ve really seen that team has strived. We’ve built our new facility there in Jiaxing several years ago to support the expected growth and they’ve delivered both on a retail and foodservice basis. They’ve also, as we described had some great innovation from an M&A perspective. I talked about my desire to really add on to that great platform that we’ve built both retail, foodservice and then even in retail ambience and refrigerated frozen.  So, it’s got a lot of the great attributes that our domestic business has and we see opportunities for it to continue to grow organically and be supportive to M&A – from an M&A perspective. Our export business this year demonstrated the power of brands on a global basis with SPAM and SKIPPY showing great growth and we expect that to continue to grow.  So, again, just really optimistic on where the business is today, but then also the opportunities that exists organically and from an M&A perspective. 
Jim Snee: So, I’ll start with the second one, Rob. Yes, we expect to be able to grow the business on a 52-week basis sales – sales and earnings, and then, of course, next year we do have our 53rd week as well. From a labor perspective, the two big labor needs are the plant in Omaha, Nebraska, the expansion of our dry sausage, our charcuterie line of products for Columbus.  And, yes, we’ve had a lot of success securing labor for that facility, a bigger metropolitan area. And so, labor has not been an issue. The other big investment that we described with our Burke expansion in Nevada, Iowa and there again, we had a great labor force and we’ve been able to secure additional labor in that facility as well.  In some of the other areas where we are expanding capacity with an additional line, we are confident we will be able to do that as we navigate through the COVID environment. But they are historically really strong labor markets for us. Our SPAM for example, we are expanding capacity here in Austin, Minnesota and Dubuque, Iowa, very strong labor markets for us.  As we’ve said, some of the more growth markets that can be a challenge for us of where we are currently expanding capacity we are actually in a good position. 
Jim Snee: Yes. No, I think that’s a great point, Robert. And we have – and so, what we are trying to say is, it’s not going to be pound for pound in terms of the opportunity. But we do still expect there to be growth and the other part too considers the fact that, I mean, if this is we are talking about, we are largely growing before the pandemic.  So, I mean, yes, we will have capacity. We understand and we said that we do expect continued growth at a slower rate. But we also know that we would face the current demands of the business. And so, when you factor those three things together, that’s why we expect it to have a strong back half of the year. 
Jim Snee: Yes. Thanks, Rob. We’ve been really pleased with the performance of SKIPPY, even before the pandemic, the trends were really positive. We’ve continued to perform well during the pandemic. We’ve done a nice job gaining share. We are also taking pricing on peanut butter and, again, feel really good about where the business is trending.  We’ve had – we haven’t had any capacity constraints. The plant has been running well and then, we’ve done a great job supporting this business through innovation. I talked about in my prepared remarks about how the team has done a great job in the midst of everything going on to continue innovation with SKIPPY Squeeze, SKIPPY High Protein, SKIPPY No Sugar, just lots of great work supporting that iconic brand. 
Jim Snee: Yes. And Mike, so, I mean, clearly, we’ve had pretty significant cost increases. You think about PPE, team member bonuses, plant disruption cost, lower overhead recovery, and so, you are trying to measure it in a year where you’ve got so many different pieces and your analogy of changing tire while driving is one that I haven’t heard, but certainly it’s very, very appropriate for the environment that we’ve been in this year. 
Jim Snee: Yes. So, I think from a capacity perspective, I talked a little bit earlier about SPAM. And we were constrained on our SPAM business, but are in a really good position because of expanded capacity. Our Chili, our Stew, our Hash business have had success, but it took sometime securing co-manufacturing. But we’ve also internally been able to get to some extended runs.  Our complete business in terms of adding shifts to that business. So, from a capacity perspective, we feel really good about where we are heading into 2021. We obviously still understand everything that’s happening in the world around us with these increased COVID cases and we are experiencing that first hand.  I guess, from our perspective, we are – we believe the retail number is very realistic as we think about the full year, and then for us, really the key is to be able to meet the needs of the business. And so, as we head into 2021, capacity is at the top of our priority list. 
Jim Snee: Yes. I mean, we don’t, Rupesh. I mean, we know the way that we’ve attached the business structurally with the direct selling organization the way we’ve innovated in the space, the relationships that we have with operators, clearly, the timing is uncertain. But I think over time, we do expect our foodservice business to continue to be a growth vehicle for our organization. 
Jim Snee: And Rupesh, I would say, we are obviously making necessary investments in advertising back to supply chain. We’ve talked a while ago about the new distribution center to support our grocery products business that continues to do really well even with the low balancing having to do.  And our teams are working on another distribution center to support the refrigerated foods business. So we continue to see opportunities to get better in that area. 
Jim Snee: Yes, Thomas, the big driver right now for pricing is, we talked about SKIPPY and then we are expecting an uptick in volume. We’ve got opportunities to drive volume this year. But we – I mean, we do also have pricing power and we think about products that are tied more to underlying commodities on the retail side. So, you think about bacon, which is a big driver.  Obviously, we’ll be watching that closely. Jim talked about the belly market earlier. But I mean, it’s volume-driven, but we know that we also have pricing power as well and we do have our SKIPPY pricing in place. 
Jim Snee: Yes. That’s a tough number to get at, Ken, I mean, I think, clearly, as we’ve talked about the end of Q3 and given the warning signals into Q4, we had missed demand opportunities in SPAM, in some of our pepperoni business, sliced meats as we’ve described and it is hard to quantify and we do think we’ll be able to capture some of that back in 2021.  And then, it is, as I said, the supply chain, the structurally higher capacity is going to be a very key component for us in delivering the sales and earnings growth. But in terms of actually quantifying that number, that’s a difficult number to get at. But we know the opportunity is there. 
Jim Snee: Well, that's going to depend on the product lines, but on the key areas, we think that there will be some significant expansion in capacity. We've talked about some of the plants that we've expanded on. So, as far as a dollar amount or a percentage, that's difficult.  Obviously, we continue to operate with the uncertainty of COVID, that how much impact is it going to have on our plants, which plants is it going to impact. Those are all the difficult – those are all the uncertainties that we're living with and we wish we knew exactly how hard we could run the plants and for how long, but that's a bit of a struggle with what we are looking at in 2021 to identify it down to a number.
Jim Snee: I mean, our bigger conversation rather than getting into the segments is, we think the channel discussion is really how to think about the business as we head into 2021. And, obviously, we've given some - we hope additional and good color around retail, foodservice, deli and international.
Jim Snee: Yes. I think you hit it right on the head, Eric, is that, especially early on, they enjoyed the time together. But there has been a bit of fatigue. But I don't know if that's going to entirely go away where a lot of consumers are missing the option of being able to get out into their favorite dining establishments. And I do think they've been able to take some advantage of that as foodservice operators have gotten better at on-the-go and or grab-and-go and delivery. But I do think we are going to see that shift away from dining at home, back into the foodservice channel, the key is at what rate.  And so, that's why we're saying we expect a moderation of retail and we do expect an expansion of foodservice. The unknown is what is the right rate or the right number in 2021. But there is certainly fatigue, I think it’s the right word to use. And we also know that over the long-term, consumers are going to maintain their need for convenience and versatility, which so much of our product portfolio, whether in retail or foodservice really hits hold.
Jim Snee: Yes. Great question, Ben. Our MegaMex business, especially on the retail side has performed really well. Again, even heading into or before the pandemic, that business was really strong for us. And not only just on an organic basis, but the work that our team has done from an innovation perspective. We talked about Herdez, guacamole, salsa.  This year, we've talked about some additional innovation that the team has been able to put in place. And so, the retail business was strong - continued very strong and we expect it to maintain the strength going forward. As you mentioned, the foodservice business, like our other foodservice businesses, were soft and – but we do expect over time to see those businesses recover as well. But we could not be more positive or optimistic about the future growth of our MegaMex retail business. We think it's really, really well positioned and it's on strategy for us as we think about our desire to grow our ethnic portfolio.
Jim Snee: Yes. Thank you. On behalf of the team here at Hormel Foods, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As I said earlier, I continue to be incredibly optimistic about our long-term performance. And we have done a great job navigating all the uncertainty COVID has brought. But I know that this Company has the right strategy, the right business fundamentals and we are on sound financial footing.  I want to wish all of you a happy Thanksgiving, and please stay safe and healthy during the holiday season.
Jim Sheehan: Sure. Good morning, Adam. Your comment about markets being mixed, I think, is a fair assessment of how we see 2020 – 2021, excuse me. The main issue here is that you won’t see the volatility that you saw, especially in the second and third quarter of 2020. Those periods we had a drastic decline in the foodservice demand and then you have plant shutdowns and it just created almost a violent level of volatility that we believe will be much more stable environment in 2021.  Part of the change in the input cost, for instance, bellies will be dependent on how quickly the foodservice business regain strength. Bellies track that foodservice demand very closely. So, overall, it is a bit of a mix. We see our hog costs somewhat similar to what they were in 2020, maybe slightly lower.  We will see what that happens, understanding that hog costs or the Western Corn Belt is forecasted to be much higher, but that’s not really the basis of what we purchase hogs. And the other issue, you asked about was tax rate. We don’t see any significant change in the tax rate in 2021. We believe the tax rate will be between 20% and 21.5% let’s use that as the range as to where we expect to end up. 
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Peter. We obviously expect to continue to have some COVID cost in 2021, especially in the first half that will be a headwind to Jennie-O, excuse me, but one of the things that we can’t understate is the impact to Jennie-O in their live production operation by the interruptions in production that they saw in 2021. How that backed up the birds, you are feeding birds longer.  You are processing birds at a heavier weight that underperform and I think that’s a big benefit as we keep the operations running at a more consistent level when don’t have these plant interruptions. That’s going to be a significant benefit to their cost structure. So, yes, there will be headwinds with COVID costs. Grain cost could be higher, but we manage that grain cost through our hedges that we have.  We do support buying on grain. And we also could adjust the feed formula so that we are mixing the feed a little bit better to improve our feed cost. So, there is a lot of levers there that we can attain. In 2019, we had about a 9% margin on this business. We think that we can go back and achieve that level in 2021. 
Jim Sheehan: Thanks, Michael. We are leading the supply chain savings that we laid out before the organization. In fact, we think some of those savings will be accelerated. Those savings have paid dividends in a very difficult operating environment this year and allowed us to do things that we wouldn’t have been able to do in the past and other things that we did much more efficiently.  So we are very pleased with the progress we are making on One Supply Chain. It is a hard year to measure, because there are a lot of moving parts, but we believe that we’ve met every expectation that we set originally on this and we think it’s going to accelerate as we go through and continue to expand the efficiency of these operations. 
Jim Sheehan: I think, one of the things that we have had a challenge and that was in freight cost and that was because of some capacity constraints for us. That increase in freight cost had to do with that loading full trucks and sending trucks out of less than optimal levels.  So, as capacity goes up and production improves, we think that freight cost even though there is pressure on freight, but sending out trucks that aren’t full is an expensive process. We think there is going to be improvements on that side of it. Again, with COVID cost, every day we learn a little bit more about how to operate more efficiently.  So, we continue to have a headwind on COVID cost that our operations become more efficient from probably a less direct cost standpoint. So, efficiencies in the plant to speed that you can run those types of things, but obviously for us, regarding COVID that’s employee safety and that will be the highest priority. We will continue to invest what we need to invest in those cost to keep our employees safe. 
Jim Sheehan: The other area, Rupesh, that I’d point out is that we’ve made significant investments in Project Orion in 2020. We haven’t called it out. We haven’t separated it what the expenses as you might expect have been material. You can see some of that in our unallocated expenses this year where we’ve closed down our HR benefits and finance portions of a project and there have been some expenses that impacted us in the fourth quarter too. 
Jim Sheehan: Good morning, Thomas. It’s much like 2020. It’s a mix of both. Our finished goods inventory is down. So there is some constraints that we’ll have in Q1. Now Q1 is more of a quarter at which you sell more close to what you produce. It’s not a quarter that you build inventory but it’s also a quarter that normally you don’t draw down a lot of inventory. So it’s going to have a less of an impact in Q1 than perhaps it did in Q4, which is a period – a quarter in which you draw inventory down. You can’t produce of a product during the quarter.  The other factor is, it’s an increase in raw material or raw materials in inventory and that primarily comes back from products that are generally sold through the foodservice industry. In some instances, that means that we won’t have to go out and buy products.  When you buy products on the open market, obviously you have fluctuations in those costs as product is put away and as foodservice returns to strength, we would be able to draw down that inventory and perhaps manage our cost a bit better in the foodservice areas. 
Jim Sheehan: There will be a reduction as you – as we go into 2021. As you think about this, we had three major paths to attain with Project Orion. First was HR and benefits. Second was to update the entire finance function, and third was supply chain. HR and benefits is completed. Finance is totally completed. For example, all of the staffing that had been assigned to Project Orion and the finance group have been pulled back to their old jobs, so those two are gone. Obviously, supply chain is a big task.  But as you look at the accomplishments, two out of three have now been completed as we go into 2021 and you will see significant benefits from what we've attained through Project Orion and efficiencies in the operations. And insight into the business, the amount of analytics that we are getting and the scope of information that we now have to operate the business has expanded drastically even in the last quarter.
Jim Sheehan: Sure, Ben. I'll try to clarify my comments. You are seeing forecast that the Western Corn Belt is going to be higher in 2021 than it was in 2020. So, for instance, in the fourth quarter, Western Corn Belt ran, let's say, mid-50s, probably 54 would be a good number, it's about 58 today. We think it's going to go up. But with the method in which we purchased hogs, that is one component and actually it's one of the smaller components in which we price the hogs that we buy.  The more common method that we use or the higher percentage of hogs that are purchased are purchased on what's called the composite value. The composite value today is $78. And we see that as the basic range that it will be in for 2021. And that's actually down from where it was in the fourth quarter of 2020, I think it was at $83 on average in the fourth quarter.  So, we often warn people that you'll hear comments about the Western Corn Belt prices, but it's not the primary method in which we buy hogs. That's why we see some fluctuation in the cost of hogs as we go into the year, but not at the rate that you are hearing from those that are quoting that the Western Corn Belt. We do have hedges in place and those hedges are slightly below the future markets.  Now, we've had some negative impact in 2020 from our positions that we've put on to protect us from ASF, those are rolling off and have been replaced.
