Tom Prescott: You know, that is a great question and you guys have done a good job of channel checking and seeing some of the same tones. The simple answer is, nothing has changed. It could have gotten better. It didn’t and as even with success in the program long-term success, it’s going to be hard to build on that without a whole industry that’s not against us. So, there is no tipping point. The business is doing well. It’s just that listening to our customers.
Tom Prescott: Boy, certainly, I think whatever competitors do is up to them, that either the timing of this or our decision had nothing to do with any competitor, current or prospective. The timing for this was really driven by -- this is our Q1 earnings call. We’re going to be out with thousands of orthodontists in a week and a half at AAO in Washington D.C., some weeks after that with tens of thousands of dentists at the CDNA. We’re, the timing is really set by the fact that we had come to the view that we were going to make this change. The best time to do it was now. That has nothing to do with any competitor. Maybe the second part of that question is at any point in time, multiple people have tried to go do this. We believe it’s hard to do, to do this in any scale and just for effectiveness, if you’re referring to the noise around DENTSPLY as a prospective entrant here. I have remind you they’ve been making clear liners and clear liner technology for about as long or longer that Align has been around. They have their MTM, their minor tooth movement system that is a series of players and set down materials for the ortho’s lab, back office lab to make very small adjustments to retainer type single aligner products. So, again, as we see that potential product, it’s likely that it probably goes more after Ormco’s, Damon Ormco’s Simpli5 than Invisalign’s Express. We do have great depth of understanding about how to move teeth with clear liners, how to do that with precision and give the fit and finishing control that orthodontists and patients need. So, again, unless any player was to come into this space with a much more systematic offering that would project over on to what we do in a more complete way with all those IP issues, that’s a whole different kettle of fish. But from what we understand, we don’t have any views of that and relative back to proficiency, your original question, the exact reason why we want to have a loyal, committed customer base and not be at odds in the industry especially with those that aren’t even Invisalign customers is because we want to have the kind of long-term relationship that ultimately makes a partner -- makes us a partner of choice.
Tom Prescott: Yeah, Tao. It is predominantly the rebate itself. The fact that, we’re going to talked about $1 million rebate here.
Tom Prescott: And some additional now from the advantage rebate additional that we’re going to give. The other part that is impacting it is FX rates for European business. Last quarter FX rates quarter one ran about 1.4 to the dollar and right now the 1.33 to the dollar, so we’re certainly taking that in account as we’re looking at our guidance here for the quarter. And then the last piece of it is there will probably be a little more training going on next quarter, which will impact gross margin. As I mentioned we’ve to record all that training and cost of sales on a go-forward basis.
Tom Prescott: It was all across the range, Tao, I guess in prior quarters with proficiency going forward we gave you a bit more data to triangulate what was going on with those segments, going forward, as we’re not doing that any more we’re not going to provide that level of specificity. But that said, what we do know is where we direct the sales force focus and program focus, we move the needle. And significant part of that focus, during the last quarter or two was towards those practices that we’re trying to elevate and getting them going. So, the contribution we wind up with a smaller number of total GP submitters, but and there were some puts and takes as I talked about in GP, so I won’t repeat that. Going forward we think that will change a little bit and probably more of the volume will come from the mid to the upper rang but we’ll see how that plays out.
Tom Prescott: From what we see and know. Now that said, look we don’t take anything lightly, DENTSPLY is a terrific company. They are a leader this industry. They’ve got far greater resources than we have and I guess, if, I’ll go back to what I said before. If you can be confident in your IP and capabilities and the great product you’ve got and yet paranoid about all your competitors that’s kind of where we’re.
Tom Prescott: I guess, let me speak to that a little bit here Matt. Again, a moment ago, I described that we -- there is not a point in going forward and providing a lot of granular detail around what those segments look like. But that said, we had, if I go through the spectrum of customers, we had terrific performance by orthos. Those practices engaged. Utilization was up. We had a range of revenue reaction from GPs and then we had, pretty darn good performance from international, again, significant growth in Europe again, both a tougher quarter against a very strong Q4, but really good growth year-over-year. Down inside -- let’s go down inside the GP bubble. There is a full cascade of practices that were really on board and rolling and rolling right past kind of the June kind of requirements all the way to getting to 10 and 10. The focus, again, go back to where we focus programs, sales force effort, that’s usually where we see the needle move. And a good part of the sales focus was on those 15,000 plus doctors in that extension period. So, well, Ken, so now in terms of your question was framed, I guess, in the sense of guidance. There is some uncertainty for us and which is why we framed it in the term of guidance. We haven’t gone back and done a reforecast internally since we announced it since it was just today or actually to some customers, yesterday. Come back to that maybe in a minute, but we also haven’t been able to go back to see what they’re going to do now. Are they going to take that breather and our sense from the field team is some will take a little time off and go, okay, I like the revenue it fits in my practice now let’s get back and go. Others are going to say, boy, I’m now at one or two a month. Why pull back from that, we’ve a series of activities in the office that supports that, let’s just kind of make that level of activity our current level. So what we don’t know yet and the reason to frame that in terms of guidance is. There will be some puts and takes. We think more sharply around the GP space and given the number of customers involved we just want to be thoughtful about how we describe that. I can’t give you any more than that.
Tom Prescott: Over the long-term I can. I think what we described is over the short-term there is uncertainty specifically in North America. Over the long-term, maybe here is our thesis. We see the dental industry returning to health in some segments core dentistry faster than say some of the specialties. There is some regional distress in North America. There is still some areas under water. But we see the dental industry pretty healthy again now and that probably, that continues for the foreseeable future unless something much larger happens in the economy than we’re imagining. In sight of that we think the segments that had opportunities for growth at rates faster than the dental industry growth before all this happened, are the first ones that comes back and we think orthodontics is one of those and there are others, I’ll just restrict myself to our view of ortho. For us, that expresses in two ways. One, with resurgence in growth in ortho, we have even greater opportunities to win, to wrestle share away from the big players from conventional brackets. Products like teen and our overall marketing efforts to teen. And then secondly, we’re making significant improvement in the fundamental efficacy and performance of the product. Our customers notice it. They describe it and as we take away irritants like something that even frustrated our best customers, we believe overtime, we can we can generate the kind of growth at the edges of what’s possible. We don’t know what that is yet, but the boundary conditions for that are probably not quite established. I think we’d like to get a couple more quarters into see what kind of, what’s fast growth again. Let’s get to the proficiency thing in North America and see what it looks like at the end of the year and then we’ll come back and revisit what our practical growth could look like into that. But we think we can get back to meaningful growth over the interim period.
Tom Prescott: Sure, we actually have explored tiered pricing and do that through the advantage program and have considered a whole range of alternatives and I’ll give you one example. Our European team sells case packs. There is a minimum number of case packs. It is the way business is done in Europe. It’s not the way business is done in North America. We’ve done it a whole range alternative ways. What we were, if you go back to what our original objectives were they were to ensure that any patient -- any potential patient, a consumer could go to any Invisalign practice get the smile they wanted with the treatment experience that was great. And at the same time, that any practice that was involved in Invisalign had both clinical success and commercial success and that hasn’t happened. So, we’ve a lot of data that relates how practices flourish and how patients feel about providers that have more or less experience and all that. Now the good news is in orthodontics everybody gets finished. There isn’t the morbidity and mortality associated with some types of other medical devices. But all that said, we were solving this from a point of a logical way to say it is an evolving skill-based technique. You need both the education and as well as at-bats and that was after a lot of consultation with academic dental educators, chairs of ortho and dental departments, et cetera. And we went back to look at how dental education is done and, again, we apologize, we didn’t mean to anger the industry or try to suggest we want to anger the industry, or try to suggest we want to get between them and the patient. Our goal was, our objectives were good. Our goals were there. Clearly this was a pretty significant change for the dental industry. So, there are a whole range of ways we can engage this going forward. Our big goal is going to be to focus on education leverage and loyalty programs and make it even more valuable to be an Invisalign partner going forward. And I think as you see over the coming months and quarters we’ll be explaining more of that to you. But there is a path forward but there actually was a logical framework with data and a rationale for doing this and we did test it with some -- with leading thinkers. Most of those have gone underground now with the broad industry reaction. But, that said, we’re comfortable with our path going forward and believe there are a number of ways we can continue to mobilize practices.
Tom Prescott: Yeah. The short answer is yes, we have large number of stakeholders here and some of harshest voices were those that had never even been trained on Invisalign. So, one of the things, Ken talked about briefly, we actually had been talking the last day or two with academic advisory board and clinical advisory board members and some of our staunchest supporters that believe this was the right direction that saw the leverage of getting a practice just starting up to get the experience the doctor and staff. So, we’ve reached out to them. We make sure they understand our need for doing this and the reason, even while it was -- the program was being successful, that if we really want Invisalign to be well accepted broadly over the long-term as a standard of care and if we really want Align technology to have the opportunity to become the industry leader that they and we want, that we need to embrace the entire industry in ways that would work within the rules for lack of a better description. So, there is a variety of things we’re doing for them and Ken talked about a little incremental rebate for them that adds to what they already get in the advantage program for those upper tiers that added to his the costs he talked about the impact on Q2 revenue. But and I think, I’ve had, we’ve had a lot of good discussions over the last 24 hours with some of our staunchest supporters and even the strongest among them understand the reason for doing this. Know that our rationale for doing it was based on the right reasons and understand why we’ve made this adjustment.
Tom Prescott: Well, it’s a good question and it really speaks to what our effort to engage with them during this period since June 2nd, last year when we announced proficiency, it was exactly those centers and we said please, we will break our backs to help you if you want to come along and here is our understanding of how this best works. And there were a lot of practices that, in fact, maybe they went from one or two to five or six and they were still stretching to get to 10. There is no reason why that stops. There is no reason why the aggressive support and help from our team stops. If we’ve a practice out there that wants to make Invisalign a greater part of their practice, we’re going to be all over helping them. At the same time, what I said, I believe earlier was, where we invest both sales focus of what we believe is the best sales force in the dental industry and program effort, we see the needle move. And some of that effort is going to move back towards the mid and upper ranges of those submitters and help their practices continue to accelerate. So, overtime, we’ll find cost effective ways to support those practices that still are doing very few cases. But want to continue along with Invisalign and we’ll do our level best to support them.
Ken Arola: Sure. Shawn, if you look at the program itself we’re looking at initiating the program here as we enter the quarter then run through the end of the quarter and it will be based on ClinCheck’s that get accepted by the doctor through the entire quarter based on this promotion. It will be pretty much targeted towards doctors doing Invisalign day practices in their offices and as they get a patient into treatment, the patient will get a coupon to submit to us for rebate. Right now, as we look at it in sizes, obviously we looked at our net MPB return on a program like this. And as we sized it right now it looks like roughly above, give or take a little about $1 million of rebates we would issue and we clearly understand the amount of cases we need to get out of this program to breakeven or make a slight profit on it at minimum. So I want to come back to that also in relation to the full quarter guidance of $88 to $90 million. Because this has one impact in the quarter, our case volumes were relatively flat to about a 3% growth quarter-over-quarter, where the revenue guidance is relatively flattish. But, if you add back to the guidance we gave on revenue, this particular rebate, as well as, the -- a little bit of a kicker on the advantage rebate to preparing elite doctors for hanging in there with us through the proficiency program, as well as, FX impacts. The total of those three is a little over $2 million of impact to topline revenue for the quarter. So, one could see our guidance potentially being $90 to $92 million versus $88 to $90 million as one can point that out. But roughly coming back to your original question, cost of rebate we sized it as roughly about $1 million.
Ken Arola: Sure. So, pretty reasonable increase from about $49 million to $53 million in quarter three, quarter two here. Predominantly most of that is marketing programs and most of that is in Europe. We had a pretty significant launch in Europe this quarter with Invisalign Lite product, as well as, rolled out features in Europe, much like we rolled out features back in October in North America as Tom referred to on the call. Probably the most significant rollout of product and features we’ve had in Europe for quite some time. So what happened here is we had a team focused over there on commercialization of product and features and they really ended up focusing all their time on those two initiatives in the quarter and we actually deferred some what I’ll call secondary marketing programs to quarter two. So, as we move into quarter two here, the team is refocused back on those programs over in Europe and then we’ll have the additional advertising and media spend that we have going on in the business across Europe as well as North America. And then, the other piece of it is related to compensation-related expenses, stock-based compensation and salary increases, that we implemented towards the end of February. We got just a little bit of that in quarter one spend, we’ve got a full quarter in quarter two. So those are the major drivers.
Ken Arola: I would just add, the $2 million your referring to, Jon, includes an FX impact quarter-over-quarter, as well as additional rebates on an advantage program for the elite and premiere doctors. And that’s how you get to the $2 million, so $1 million for the rebate program, $1 million for the other two components.
