John Morici: No, that's exactly -- we feel good about what we're seeing in the marketplace and our guide reflects that.
John Morici: Well, as we know, there's a summer period where people take vacations, holidays and so on in EMEA and other places, and we expect and I think what we see in our own lives is you take longer weekends or maybe more pronounced vacations, people doing things in advance of shutdowns or lockdowns that might happen. And I think we're just being reflective of that. But really looking at all the variables that we normally see and talking to what we expect for the second half, which is to the upper side of our midpoint on a year-over-year basis.
John Morici: I think it really reflects just the timing between quarters and not kind of as you said looking at the second half in a way, not knowing how vacations and holidays and lockdowns potential might play out but by looking at it in totality and kind of looking at from a second half standpoint.
John Morici: Hi, Erin. This is John. I can address the start of that. Look, APAC is an important region for us, a huge market opportunity. We've invested, as we've talked about, with manufacturing and treatment planning and other places. We recently have added some additional advertising in APAC, and we see great results where there's a lot of interest, a lot of awareness that it drives, people come to our Web site and look for doctors and so on. And we think that translates very well. We're very happy with the quarter for Q2. You do have pockets of areas where there's COVID, more of a COVID impact; Southeast Asia, parts of China, other areas that we're always mindful of. But when we look at the investments we're making, the return that we're getting from those investments, we feel really good about APAC.
John Morici: Yes, I would say the latter. Look, there's always promotions that we're running to drive that right utilization, and you try to find that right mix. And what we talk about and I think everybody gets is, it has to translate to gross margin, and we feel good about the gross margin that it's ultimately driving and our op margins that it brings to our bottom line. So there will be some tradeoffs, but I don't expect too much of a change in ASP. And the way we've looked at it, and just because some grow faster than others, look at it from a Comprehensive standpoint versus a non-Comprehensive standpoint to be relatively stable.
John Morici: I think you look at it, John, just from the standpoint that there are unknowns around COVID and vacations and other things. COVID is one of them. Some places we hear some of the countries and regions, school is going to open up earlier; some are saying that it's later. So we're just trying to be mindful that there's going to be changes that happen to this and try to give as much information about that as possible.
John Morici: Yes, the biggest change from last year to this year is really around the additional treatment that doctors were provided. So remember, last year, they didn't have as many new patients coming in, but they were still keeping existing patients along in treatment. It doesn't count as a new case. It really just counts as additional revenue. And therefore ASPs are higher as a result of that. Conversely, as now they've focused more on primary cases and new patients coming in, we see that shift -- we saw that shift. It really started in the third quarter of last year. It's kind of progressed relatively steady from third quarter on. And that's kind of how we think of it. There's not a -- it's not a promotional change or there's nothing of that nature. It's just really more just on how we're recognizing revenue between a primary shipment and then an additional treatment that a doctor provides.
John Morici: I think when we look at -- hi, Elizabeth. It’s John. We saw strength across our business. We're not going to get into kind of month-by-month, but I think what we saw and you saw in the print for second quarter, very strong across geographies, products and so on. And what we're seeing is a reflection of that with our guidance.
John Morici: Yes, I think what you'll see with kind of the convergence of what we have now, we have a lot of capacity that we're adding to meet the demand in the markets that we have. And we have that unique event with Poland kind of going on from a land, purchase, building and equipment that goes in. So this year will be a little bit heavy from that standpoint. And then going forward, it should just be more of the expansion and growth that way, but not as much as this year with the building as well.
John Morici: No, I think you summarized it well. This is a -- it's been just over a year. We're very pleased with how the business stands, as it stands alone, and then the technical and commercial integration that's been going on. And we see more and more synergies and feel good about the digital platform that this helps us move forward. So more to come on this. But after a year, we're very pleased.
John Morici: The one thing that you do hear and it's just the reality when we talk about some of that seasonality, people take vacations or doctors on vacation as well as staff and patients. So they might fall into that bucket as well to limit some of that staff at their offices.
John Morici: Yes, Jamie, this is John. Look, we're trying to give you color to the second half because it's implied in our total year, and you can kind of defer or kind of infer what that means from third quarter and fourth quarter, but just trying to give you as much color without giving quarterly guidance is all that has been.
John Morici: Yes, good question. Look, we're very pleased with our margins that we've seen through the first half, as you noted, very strong performance, a good reflection of a lot of the investments that we made, and we continue to make to help grow our business. And we look at the second half as continuing these investments to expand from a sales and marketing standpoint. There's some operating costs that we have to be able to grow our business, like we have. It reflects those investments and we're trying to continue to position ourselves so that we would continue momentum and be able to start next year with that momentum. So it's really more of a reflection of that. And obviously, as we go through the second half, we'll update on what that means for margin.
John Morici: Yes, you're right. When we go live, there is -- until you get that capacity up, and we're really -- we know how to do that manufacturing, we've learned as we've gone through some of the China facility ramp up, that will get applied to how we ramp up in Poland. We'll move doctors over kind of country by country and ramp things up. That will happen in the first half next year. But very mindful of what it means from a margin standpoint and do everything we can to minimize that inefficiency that you have when you first start up, and be able to get those facilities up and running at near 100% capacity.
John Morici: Right. And that would happen, Michael, when we kind of quietly went live in Q2 of last year with that new Greenfield facility. And it's all about running that factory with a high utilization. They have an efficient labor and productivity there that we know how to drive. But there is some ramp up period, but we'll look to that in kind of the first half, and then see improvement as we go into the second half.
John Morici: Yes, just to add in China, we've been competing in China with various companies since we've been there. So it is nothing new really with the IPO. It's really more of a reflection of this under penetrated market in China. China is a huge opportunity for the clear aligner business. And so we feel very good about our positioning there. Primarily cases are done with wires and brackets. And so this is less about share shifting amongst clear aligner and more about growth in the category.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, I consider everything we do has more than a single variable to it and that's the platform that we work with that you know as well as anybody. But I'd say yes. Scanners serve that very well. Our increased advertising helps to drive that too. It brings more patients to the GPs. And thirdly, new product like [indiscernible] and different derivatives of that product line that are very efficient for GPs to use. And it gives them a huge amount of confidence in our product line when they use it, Jon. So it's a combination of our brand, it's a combination of our digital platform with iTero. It's a combination of product piece. And then we don't talk about it a lot, but we split our sales force years ago. And we have a specific focused sales force on GPs. And GPs speak a different language, Jon. It's different than orthodontists altogether, and that team has been incredibly effective being able to work with doctors, how they can integrate Invisalign into the workflow. And from a restorative standpoint, how you use this proactively. So I'm confident that's a great market for us. We know that 500 million patients we talk about globally sits broadly in that segment, but you need a different kind of a product approach, a different sales approach, and a strong platform geared to those guys to keep that going. And we feel good about that.
Joseph Hogan: Well, I think, Jason, in what we see with adults, and we see this really all over the globe, is we obviously had a big uptake from an adult standpoint, but you can see our team numbers up pretty substantially too at the same time. So there's a good balance. The previous question that Jon asked too with GPs, it comes into broadly an adult segment and that segment also. And my explanation in the sense of why we've been effective in that segment, we think we can continue to be helps to contribute to that. Now when we talk about third quarter and seasonality that Jon's talking about whatever, a lot of that is around adult patients and vacations and different things too and it affects different parts of the organization, and how we go to market. But in general, we just feel good about the direction of the business, the signal and words that we're getting from our doctors and what they're explaining they're seeing out there. And that's all incorporated into what we've been forecasting for you. And the one thing to never forget about too, Jason, is the size of this marketplace. We talk about 500 million patients and I know you hear from a lot of other companies in different industries about oversize, SIMs and whatever. This is true. If anything should have shown, like I mentioned in my closing comments, that this market is as big as we talk about being is what you've seen from this business over the last year in the adult segment of that part too, which is a big part of that 500 million patients that we talk about.
Joseph Hogan: Nothing of major note, Erin. We've seen that -- as we drive utilization, have more coming through our factories, it’s very productive for us. We're very mindful of the tradeoffs that affect our margin, and you're seeing that come through. So as we look at some of the investments that we're making and how we're going to market products that we have, how we view things, there's nothing that should be too different than what we've seen from a gross margin standpoint.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, it's based on our experience with the season. I think you know. You've been following our business long enough. Third quarter is a real transition quarter from a vacation standpoint, teams coming in here. European vacations, which are really big. And our comments are just reflecting what we're hearing from our customer base, our doctor base not just in the United States, but all over the world. And we're just trying to share that with you. But at the same time, the guide that we've taken up, you have to remember we're at the upper end of our growth model for the second half. And when you think about it, we have two real strong quarters last year, Jeff, third and fourth quarters. So it's just a lot of confidence in what we see and what we feel.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, this is Joe. And thinking about -- we’re talking about 200% growth rates, right. And we're talking about growth rates on the upper end of what our revenue models have been given to you guys. So it requires actually that kind of investment. And it's a good question. But like John said, we’ll hit it hard this year, build some more capacity and this will lay in over time.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Liza, that's a good question. When you think about -- we talk about the GP segment, we talk about ortho-restorative and I think most people, if you study this, you know the exocad is one of the few companies out there that actually offers a digital type of restorative platform for dentists all around the world. Our vision for our business, as we become a big part of restorative and saving enamel and moving teeth, before you actually do implants, you need to do different things. And that's what -- like that's we think is the revolution of orthodontics, because that wasn't a tool that was really used before. And so exocad and iTero plug in really well behind that. Never forget that our strategy is always about selling more Invisalign. That's what exocad is about. That's what iTero is about too. But they also have to have credibility as units in those segments. And that's when we talk about what we're doing with exocad and iTero, we're expanding our technology but always with a thought of how we can be more effective in ortho-restorative. John actually runs the business. I’ll let him talk about it.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Liza, it’s Joe again. I wouldn't call it a hindrance right now. They have to pay more to find these people. There is concern out there in the sense of how much people have to pay to bring them in. But we haven't had that as an excuse of doctor saying, I can't do more cases because I can't find staff. It's just harder to spend more time doing.
Joseph Hogan: It’s Joe. Look, this is not a tipping point as you referred to it. It's been a ground war actually. And that ground war is basically started with product liability. And obviously, with Invisalign First and mandibular advancement and some of our other innovations that we've had, we've really opened up that segment and made it available to us too. Now the work is primarily with orthodontists to make them confident that they can service these teens, not just clinically but from a business standpoint also. That's why our programs like ADAPT and different things we put into place. And remember the war here is not against other clear aligner companies, it's about braces and fixed appliances. And that's what we really have to break through and get done. And honestly, orthodontists just have to be comfortable, not clinically but also from a business standpoint. And I feel like we're making progress in educating teens and educating mom, but on the other end, educating orthodontists to how they can properly do this clinically and also be efficient in their practices in doing it, and that's the ground war part. I feel we're well positioned. And obviously our numbers say we're making progress, but we're not declaring victory here at all.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. And one of the things that John knows better than me on this one, Michael, is when we ramped up China, remember we started with a rental temporary facility that was not even close to scale, and it just pounded our cost. But we just wanted to get in place, get the workflow done. We built a building next to the where that area was, then transitioned into it. So that was a pretty big bump that we took there. We're not anticipating, John, the same.
Joseph Hogan: On your first question on a new polymer, we do multi-layer material. So it's various polymers that you put together and we were balancing the equation between elasticity and overall rigidity or retention [h] strength. And it's like our other competitors are starting to figure that piece out and see pieces of it. We have strong patents around SmartTrack and obviously improving over time is a real important part about not just having the right materials, but having the right kind of system in place. And that's the treatment planning part that we talked about, 25 years of understanding how to really activate those aligners and make that plastic actually work through those algorithms. And we don't use a displacement methodology, which is basically built on aligner that kind of leads things. It actually engages with these things in a different way. So I expect more companies to come out and work different polymers or whatever. We have a huge amount of experience of that, but don't forget about the entire system, the algorithms, how it works together and how it works the attachments, the exactness of the attachments, where you put those attachments, how they're shaped, so a lot going on there. We feel good about our position, and we'll continue to innovate in that space across all those spectrums. But there's nothing in the competitive marketplace that we are concerned with that would change the trajectory of where we're investing right now. From a China competitive standpoint, obviously Angel Align IPO, we watched that closely and get some clarity to everybody in that marketplace as they IPO’ed and what's going on. And I think you see they're strong in Tier 3 cities, they're strong with public hospitals in different areas. But look, I feel good about our position in China. Our manufacturing is strong. Our training centers there are strong. Our treatment planning is strong. It's close to accounts. We had good growth in the quarter overall, good sequential growth, good year-on-year growth. You might want to [indiscernible], John.
