John Morici: Hi, Erin, this is John. Yes, what we saw – in Q1, we saw good improvement in our gross margin, we talked about 4 million of some of the unusual, you strip that out. What we expect as we go forward in our Q2 guidance is that progression, we're going to continue to improve our gross margin, some of that comes to some of the operational efficiencies in China and other places that we'll see as the year progresses.
John Morici: Yeah, Erin, this is John again. So no additional than what we had talked about. We laid out from a reorganization standpoint about 1% in total for the year. And that'll really progress with Q2 on, but really what we see is a more agile organization and one, that can accommodate changes to any global changes that might come up around taxes or anything else. So that's really the benefits that we have. EMEA is growing so much as centralized as that location, but it also gives us an operating structure that we can use in the future.
John Morici: Yes, so from a – you’re talking about specific gross margin, when you look at that, we're seeing good improvement from some of the manufacturing efficiencies and things that happened in the first quarter. We expect that to continue, we saw ASPs up $10 in Q1, which helps contribute to that. But this is about being able to continue to leverage the manufacturing and the other operations that we have. And that should continue to get better as the year progresses. And so that's similar to what we talked about at the end of Q4 as well. This is something that we – we’ll get those efficiencies as the year progresses.
John Morici: Yes. So really when we saw, as we looked through it Jeff, we saw like I said some improvement on the gross margin standpoint, some of the OpEx leverage that we are able to achieve in the first quarter as well and that started our year in a very strong position from an operating margin standpoint. And then as we go through the year as we've talked about, there'll be some litigation and some reorganization costs that we've been calling out, as we go through. But it was really a strong start to the year from a gross margin standpoint and then managing the op-Expenditures and we saw that leverage really show up in Q1.
John Morici: Okay. Yes, from an op margin standpoint and what we tried to do is lay that out a little bit in the slides for you, Jon, but when we look at as we've reported on a gap basis, just talk to the high guide of 25.4% from a guidance standpoint. And we're staying within there because that's GAAP, within there is a Straumann settlement of approximately 5 points. And then we have some of the corporate structure and reorganization costs, as well as the legal cost. And you back out or add back a couple of points to that. So that gets you to 22.5% or so from an op margin standpoint in Q2 on an operational basis.
John Morici: Yes, sorry, Jon, yes. In the second half the conviction that we have and what we expect to have in the second half is consistent, it's the 25% range in the second half of the year.
John Morici: Hey Nate, this is John. Similar to what we've said in the past where we see better comprehensive cases like we saw I think compared to what we had expected, driven by mandibular advancement and other products that we have, that was in the teen growth that we saw, the 41%. That all contributes to higher ASP that showed up in Q1. And when we think about – as we're looking forward, take FX out of that, we think that the – it's pretty balanced. We'll have that – overall, we'll have a good international growth, we have that growth in the comprehensive cases with teens, but then we have the low stage mix shift that we see, where the low stage is growing faster than our comprehensive cases. But in balance, we think it's – it balances out.
John Morici: Well, I can answer that one first. Yes, that's below the line. That's the equity gain that we will have. And then the corporate restructuring costs, very small amount in Q1, it really started in Q2 and handles the rest of the rest of the year. And then in terms of the China gross margin or the impact on costs, I mean, we saw higher utilization in those plants, drives efficiencies and we see that come through to our bottom line. So as we described earlier, it starts in Q1 and it progresses through the year.
John Morici: Yeah. Kevin, this is John. So good growth in Q1. What we expect is to be able to continue to, globally, be able to have more and more iTeros sold. We think it's a great scanner, new 5D and so on really contributes to that growth. But we've seen good growth so far. Really no change in what – in how we think about it for the total year, but it's going to continue to expand and work through as many doctors as possible.
John Morici: Hey, Mike. This is John. It certainly helps. It's a slow adoption. I mean, these are doctors that they just started trying some of these cases, they want to see and experience it for themselves to be able to see that it works in the way they want. So it's a slow rollout and adoption, but it gets that some of the key parts of our business that we want to grow, which is teen.
John Morici: Yes, Mike. This is John again. So we will see a progression and we saw a good improvement in Q1 and it will continue to improve as you utilize that facility more and more, but that will take the rest of this year.
John Morici: Hey Kevin, this is John. From a doctor's standpoint, Q1 is typically lower from a training standpoint. So things build as you go through the year and we saw that from Q4 to Q1, but nothing more. We want to work with doctors that want to come with cases and really get into being able to use more and more Invisalign. So, some of it's just the timing of making that all happen, but nothing more than that.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, first of all, I mean I think we – when we announced this issue with SDC having to close the stores, they just said it wasn't going to be material from a revenue standpoint and what we – for the year and so we're sticking with that overall. I mean, obviously there'll be some case loss from a store standpoint. The other part of your question is we shift some of that spend back into advertising back into other activities that we have going on to help to drive that demand. So we are – we will reallocate that expense, it's reallocated into marketing and sales and be able to do that. And we expect to have good results from that too. We have I think good experience and understanding what that investment return rate is.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jon, I think first of all you've got to take cyclicality into – in fact when you look at China and APAC versus EMEA, EMEA goes around the dark side of the moon right after the second quarter, China has really strong third quarter like they always do, get to Lunar New Year in the fourth quarter, you got a stronger EMEA in the first quarter. So I think you can't do this kind of an apples-to-oranges comparison when you look at what Simon did this quarter. So what I would take away from this one is you got a continuing growth rate in EMEA and continuing penetration rates there that are terrific. We still have a great business in APAC from a growth standpoint overall. So I love the competition between those two. I'm cheering for them both, Jon.
Joe Hogan: Nathan, overall, when you look at what's going on, I'd say there's two prime drivers in that ortho segment. One is what you mentioned is you have our MAF product now that was qualified in November of last year, you have our Invisalign teen product, which we're doing a lot of cases, seven-year old patients, eight-year old patients that we really never touched before. So that's obviously a big driver from an increased utilization standpoint. Secondly, I think it's just increasing awareness of the preference of consumers for clear aligners and I think orthodontists know that and we see more and more orthodontists really adopting that. Thirdly, when you think about the segment overall is – from a long-term standpoint, like we talk about, that's our second strategic imperative, is we see a lot of runway in teens. And that's why we're having our Teen Summit coming up this year, we'll have a lot of focus on our top 300 in London this year also on teens and we see more and more uptake on that as we work with orthos on the teens and we go directly to consumers and parents about it.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Glen, when we look at the ASPs, totally like you said, up about $10 on a worldwide basis. In North America, slightly down from Q4, but from a standpoint of – really coming from a mix standpoint, it's just a matter of how and what type of cases the doctors are taking on, whether it's more comprehensive or some of the low-stage. And remember from a low-stage standpoint, those are some of our highest margin rate products. So when we look at that in total, we'll go to where the volume is and what makes sense for our business.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Glen. It's Joe. On the utilization for orthos, think about two big vectors there, it's just our product line in teens, MAF and our Invisalign First product line. It really brings us into, what is about 25% to 30% of the teen market that we couldn't access before, before we had those products. Overall, I just think we have good momentum in that sense and we're going to continue to see continued increase in utilization as more and more doctors gain confidence in those products.
Joe Hogan: First of all, Ravi, I'll just say, again, the utilization rates that you referenced and all and for teens, again, it's new product. We feel we're still having underutilization in teens. I mean, we're still in the United States, 9%, 10% from a teen standpoint. I'd say from a clinical standpoint, we can handle 80% to 90% of those cases, depending on how you want to rate them. Many of our Invisalign docs say they can do anything in teen than they can in Invisalign. So we have a long way to go from a growth standpoint. From a competitive standpoint, we really have no competitors in those kind of products. Okay, those are highly proprietary products that – it just take a lot of history and knowledge to be able to make them and have them function well in the marketplace. As far as how we're competing out there with Invisalign stores or whatever, look, Invisalign stores or what they always have been was how do you drive more demand for our product line, it was way instead of – we've been advertising consumers for years. This was a way of just taking those advertisement kind of capabilities and bring them in the store and exciting patients, moving those patients to doctors. It was nothing different in our business model. I mean, it's a shame in the sense of what the arbitrator ruled, but look, we respect that decision and we'll move on in the sense of continuing to generate demand the way we know how to generate demand. From a competitive standpoint, SDC is a different kind of competitor. Obviously, they have high growth rates, we have high growth rates too, we show we can mutually co-exist in the marketplace and we continue to both grow.
Joe Hogan: Hey. Look, it's – you're back to Joe here. Look, China is great growth market for us, we have – we're manufacturing in China now. We've put treatment planning in Chengdu. We handle all of our Chinese doctors right now out of China itself. We have two wonderful training centers, one in Shanghai, one in Chengdu. We feel very capable in China, we lead in China. Straumann's move with a third or fourth tier player from a clear aligner standpoint, I don't see that as a dramatic effect on this market now or in the immediate future at all.
Joe Hogan: Starting with your broader question on the scanner business is – look, we feel really good about our scanner. I mean, 5D leads, I mean, obviously, you see the 3Shape product came out, but you got two separate scans that kind of use the near-infrared. And I mean, we're so focused on workflow of GPs, we just known over the years that, goodness, GP's time is such an important commodity in that sense and you want to do things as fast as you possibly can. So combining the near-infrared together for caries detection and tooth cracking together with just a normal digital scan is a big breakthrough for us in the industry. And we've gotten great feedback. Obviously, they're starting off well. From a standpoint of U.S. approval, it's the FDA. Right. I won't talk too much about it, but there are some issues in the sense of how the FDA wants this one to be designed from a disease control standpoint. But we have a good vector on what needs to be done, it's going to take a little bit longer, just like our MAF product did, but we're confident. And I would say late fourth quarter early first quarter next year, we'll be able to get approval.
Joe Hogan: No, I think we'll just – we will continue with the pace that we've been going and there's a lot of interest out there. We're just working through it right now. But overall, the interest from an orthodontic standpoint has been extremely good and also from the GP practices.
Joe Hogan: Well hey, Steve, it's Joe. First of all when you look at Straumann, they have their own internal scanner, but it really doesn't fit the broad application base that you need for both clear aligners and also for the restorative aspect of GP. So they primarily use 3Shape for those kind of scans today. So your comment about which is better, the $60 million or this. It's a good question. I mean, you have to assume with the 5,000 that they would sell will be 5,000 we can't sell. And, I mean, that's not necessarily true or a discrete variable in this whole equation. So, look, ideally, I think having the scanner sold by Straumann and having a good restorative workflow together would be helpful. But I wouldn't, it's not a live or die proposition. I feel we have good distribution in the marketplace. We have good coverage in three different regions and we'll be able to function well in either scenario.
Joe Hogan: Well, I mean, I think it's in our plan for 2019 is already baked in there from a Brazil and Latin America standpoint. I could tell by your question, you do recognize the opportunity that we have in Latin America and also Brazil, given the focus on orthodontics in both of those regions. And look, your comment also, we were late to the game there. And that's why you see us making significant investments now in the sense of training doctors, putting people in place and building infrastructure there. So, we haven't broken out those numbers yet. When they really become material to the business, we will do that. But right now, we're not making any projections or specifics about it. But rest assured, as you know, this is a big opportunity for us, it's a good product at the right time and we feel we have good leadership there and good momentum.
Joe Hogan: Yes. We haven't really seen Schein, felt Schein in the marketplace at all. And we don't even know what their pricing is frankly. And so we really haven't had to respond to that piece. I think if you look at the marketplace, you'd say that ClearCorrect traditionally has been in that GP segment. They're obviously owned by Straumann now. Straumann has been taking them throughout that channel. But we really haven't felt a higher degree of competitive pressure since it is a piece either. So I just find your question interesting. I know there's a lot of speculation out there right now, but we don't necessarily feel that.  And remember, ClearCorrect always had a price favorable line from a GP standpoint. And we're basically being able to fight that with technology and coverage in the marketplace.
Jon Block: Great. Thanks guys, good afternoon. I'm also going to ask a margin related question, and then on pivot. But just John big normalized EPS be it for 1Q, obviously there's been sort of no shortage of news flow over the past couple of months. So I just wanted to check in, I'm going to drill down or make sure that I'm clear on the op margins. In other words, if I were to check it on the 2H 2019 op margin, should I get back to the 25% to 30% OM range, that you will alluded to last quarter? That's sort of part A of number one. And then part B would be, your 2Q revenue guidance, the revs are slightly ahead with the cases of smidge below. So do we assume a sort of flattish 1Q to 2Q ASP? And then I'll ask my second one.
Jon Block: John, I'm sure if I could jump in there really quick. I didn't mean 2Q, I meant 2H, last quarter you talked about 2H 2019 op margins falling back in your long-term guidance range of 25% to 30%, here we are today. Do you still have high conviction in 2H 2019 the op margins are 25% to 30%.
Jon Block: Okay, great. And then for 1Q 2019, Simon EMEA growth rate is now within 300 bips relative to Julie's, which I view as a good thing from a diversification standpoint and congrats to Simon, who I know has been chasing Julie for several years. But I'm just curious how we should think about that going forward, especially with the scanner that's technically newer in China. And Joe, you talked about the teen opportunity in China. Do we think that, call it closer to parity Joe is here to stay? Or is there anything unique in one market or the other, teen I go scanner that can cause APAC to sort of separate again. Thanks.
