Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. The choices we made in 2020, to protect employees, support customers, and press forward on our strategy for growth, were possible because of the strength of our balance sheet and the confidence we have in our business model. Our actions reflect our conviction in the enormous opportunity we have to transform smiles and change lives. With 15 million orthodontic cases starts annually and more than 500 million consumers who can benefit from a better smile, the market for digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry is massive and has been unleashed by the need for digital. In a macro sense, COVID-19 has accentuated the benefits and pervasiveness of the digital economy. From an Align standpoint, practices across every region are embracing digital treatment in new ways and more purposefully than ever before. Invisalign providers are using our virtual tools to minimize in-office appointments and deliver doctor-directed, personalized treatment that meets the needs of the moment and that will reshape the future of treatment. Digital acceleration is not just around Invisalign treatment. It includes digital workflows around iTero scanners and general dentistry. Doctors tell us that the iTero scanner is central to their practice and their practice workflows, and it is key to driving digital treatment. We've always known this, iTero and now exocad are core components of the Align Digital Platform, our integrated suite of unique, proprietary technologies and services delivered as a seamless, end-to-end solution for patients and consumers, orthodontists and GP dentists, and lab partners. And particularly, we now have all the building blocks to create digital workflows, leveraging the combined power of Invisalign treatment, iTero scanners, and exocad software to become more relevant to the GP market, which is critical to accessing the 500 million consumer opportunity. Align is a growth business with huge opportunities, but the environment remains uncertain due to COVID-19. Our plan is still to counter uncertainty by staying focused on our long-term strategy, living our values, supporting our employees and customers, and keeping in mind the demand drivers we've identified over the past year, the re-direction of disposable income for many consumers, channel focus that allows us to reach and support a wider range of customers within each channel. And most importantly, the digital mindset that's taking hold with more and more of our customers and that we are supporting through innovative products and programs that can help support their digital transformation. We are not ignoring the reality of COVID-19 and how long it may be part of our lives, but we're also not going to stop driving the business forward for the good of customers and their patients, our employees, and our stakeholders. In closing, I want to leave you with a few thoughts as we begin the new year. While there is considerable amount of turmoil in the world, our focus is on what we can control as a company. We have strong momentum. We'll stay focused on our strategic priorities, international expansion, patient demand and conversion, orthodontist utilization, and GP dentist treatment. In summary, we are very pleased with the fourth quarter and full year results of 2020, during a remarkable year with events beyond our control as a result of COVID-19. It is during times such as this when having a solid strategy combined with focused execution can lead to outcomes that support growth, not only for Align's business but also practice growth for Align's customers which also leads to more and more Invisalign smiles. With that, turn it over to the operator and we'll take calls.
Joe Hogan: Jon, I'll let John have the specifics. I would just tell you that January was a really strong orders quarter, so that momentum really continues.
Joe Hogan: Jon, I appreciate you bringing up EMEA, I mean, that was just an amazing performance when you see that. I've been doing business in Europe since I was 30 years and you see growth like that by countries, it's amazing. And I think that, to me, that was really a story on the fourth quarter too was the breadth of that growth. It wasn't just North America. It wasn't just Asia. It was deep across segments, across GPs, across orthos. So Jon, I'm not ready to talk about an inflection point. All I can say is when you think about, we had 77,000 doctors that ordered that I talked about in my script. And then 7,200 to 7,300 more doctors, that's 10% more doctors, that's a record for us too. So we see Invisalign, this digital treatment really catching on in a big way and it's meaningful. Look, we're gearing up for it. We're obviously advertising to drive that demand and will stay focused on just executing, Jon, right now.
Joe Hogan: That's the life we live now, Steve. We understand. It happens on and off like every call. From a GP channel standpoint, I mean, three years ago when we first started segmenting in Europe and now we are doing in the States and we do it all over the world. And then we introduced products like iGo that were specific to it. And just a salesforce that can communicate with GPs because it's a different conversation than with orthos. Yes, I can't tell you where it's going, but when we talk about that 500 million patients like I did in my script, that's where they are, and that's where you touch them. I mean, it's a different. It's not a big teen market. It's a lot of adults. But it has to have a workflow that's specific to a GP. And that's why we drive their products, that's why iTero is so important from a front-end standpoint. Your question on exocad is, we think that's going to be a big GP driver for us. It is a big legitimate piece for us, but I don't think it's adding to volume right now. We're just rolling out these new products. We're just starting to integrate that kind of software code into iTero and into our programs and that's certainly will drive increased penetration in the future.
Joe Hogan: I think as we get further and further from the second quarter obviously the backlog question becomes less and less as part of the noise of the structure, right. I feel a lot of analysts, Jeff, they wonder, hey, we had a great third quarter obviously and it was, well, how much of that was really the second quarter that's rolled into the third. We really don't know what that was. We don't. And our doctors don't know it either as we talk to them. The fourth obviously had less of that. And we really felt good about our orders in January too. So I think we're really moving away from that question here soon. The number of docs like I just quoted with over 7,000 new docs ordering from us, 77,000 in total shows you the breadth of what's going on. And what's really struck me in this entire thing too, Jeff, is really this is not just United States, this is all over the world. It's Latin America, it's APAC. It's tremendous growth in Japan and ANZ and traditional markets, in China, in Europe. So there is breadth to this and then the segments we talked about, both GPs and orthos. So look, there have been backlog in the third quarter. There has to be some backlog in the fourth quarter or whatever. But we don't think that's the overriding story here.
Joe Hogan: And Jeff, I think the last thing you said is do you care which I thought was kind of interesting is like we really don't care. We just want to serve the doctors who want to work with us. We see this market -- we talk about how large this market is and how under-penetrated it is. And we just want to see wherever that growth is, that's great. It's on the low end, that's terrific. It's on the high end, that's terrific. We set this company up to be able to service either side to work well with them.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, you could work for us, okay. You kind of described exactly how that demand is, it's coming from all these different places. And a lot of it when you say where you're taking share, a lot of is just analog share. There is so much in dentistry is still just completely analog. They're still doing impression and different pieces. And so it's the growth has been tremendous in that sense. Your question about orthodontists that start to move up into a significant part of their practice being Invisalign, you'll see -- you see a scanner at every chair. And they use these things are constantly. It's part of what they do. What we see on the GP segment is the communication tool ends up being the scanner in the front of the scanner. Because you know in the past, they'd hold up a mirror and say, can you see that, that second molar back there and you'd say, yes, but you really couldn't, right. Now, you throw it on a screen. It's live, you can see exactly what's going on. It becomes an incredible patient-communication tool in a sense of where is your dentist and what needs to be done and helps to convince patients of what the doctor wants to do and the validity of that kind of treatment. So this is where dentistry is going. And when you look at iTero, it is arguably the highest performing scanner in the world, the speed of it, the exactness of it, color rendering, and also with NIRI technology to be able to see caries or cavities is a real benefit, even to orthodontists who want to make sure that before you start the treatment that dentition is in good enough shape to able to except that kind of movement. So that's just -- this is the time for digitization inside of dentistry and iTero plays a big role in that and it front-ends our digital platform.
Joe Hogan: Yes, it is upon the new product pieces. Keep in mind we talked about we spend $500 million a year on advertising and also new product development, you'll see a lot of new products. We don't pace ourselves on those introductions based on IDS. And that's why we obviously announced the new iTero scanner. We talked about the new 6.0 software that we have. A lot of changes to FiPos, it's our final positioning aspect to dentition. We had the Plus product from iGo, the in-face visualization. This is a digital business that requires constant iterations in products. And obviously Midwinter and those things are great places to highlight it. But our innovation, we looked at it agile, not waterfall anymore. In the sense, waterfall used to be invent during the year, release one period of the year. More and more, you'll see us just monthly just rolling out new products as we adapt to a more kind of an agile philosophy of development than a waterfall type of -- if that's what you're asking, Elizabeth.
Joe Hogan: Yes, look, I think it has a huge amount of breadth to it. I mean, it's not just U.S. We started this in Japan actually years ago and introduced in the United States. And you think about -- it's just a great winner, detaching those wires and brackets from people's teeth using Invisalign, understanding, like we said, in our script, is how much more simple it is and better for people and comfortable for people to go with our product line. So we think it's -- we have a lot of room to grow and we're going to keep supporting it.
Joe Hogan: Nice try, Richard. Look, we're very committed to our long-term growth model 20% to 30%. That's really all I can say right now. Rich, we're in a really uncertain environment. We're happy about January. It is why we're not giving guidance. It's -- we're all living with volatility right now and we'll just continue to execute and keep our heads down, but we're committed to that 20% to 30% growth model that we've been talking about for several years.
Joe Hogan: Our supply chains, we try to keep ahead in that sense. So, I feel we have adequate plans and capacity right now to be able to handle the surge in demand.
Joe Hogan: Hey, John, we don't know. But I'd say it became muted this year. Obviously, we saw as much stronger fourth quarter United States in teens than we saw -- that you normally see from a seasonal standpoint, it got continued. So I think all of us are expecting summer and fall months as COVID to start to retreat a little bit, that might take us back to the patterns that we had before. But I don't think it's going to be binary. I really don't, I think this could have changed the pattern. We're just going to have to -- we're going to have to just ride the curve here and see how it goes. But we'll continue to advertise through this to execute on a place that we talked about in our scripts and we've really feel confident we can continue to drive significant teen demand.
Joe Hogan: I think the call-out, Jason, really is just the breadth of it really. There wasn't any geography in particular that dominated or it was just in segment to GP and ortho continued to be strong. So when you exit a year and you're at our new year, you're obviously glued to that month to see, especially in a business like this, what the momentum is and we just see a continuation of the strong momentum that we had in the fourth quarter. That's -- John, anything to add on that.
Joe Hogan: Yes, we felt good about our growth in China 26% for the quarter overall. China, we see shutdowns periodically, issues in Shanghai or different places and Chinese are pretty draconian, I'd use the move is when they COVID, they move pretty quickly. The public hospitals have been throttled to certain extent unlike the procedures. But we feel good about the quarter and we feel, honestly, our investments in China, we really feel good about those. The manufacturing piece helps legitimizes us our IT systems from a data protection standpoint have to be geared towards China. We're in good shape with that. We're assembling iTero there now. We feel great about our training centers, great about our treatment planning capabilities. So overall, we remain bullish on China and we think that China will start to, with the rest of the world, will start to recover in the second half of next year too and we expect to be a big part of that.
Joe Hogan: Nathan, that's -- we try to emphasize as much as we can, we feel very confident about those 20% to 30% ranges of growth. And continue to target 25, 30% operating profit to in order to do that. So you'll see us in investor rates that John talked about we're putting in place to drive that demand. So we make -- we remain committed to that model growth.
John Morici: No. As you said, I mean, it's -- there's others that are in the equation. You have to reach the teen, as Joe described, and we talked about social influencers and so on. You have to reach the parents and we try that. And then also have the right formula with the doctors. So getting those three to think about going into treatment is really the key.
John Morici: Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. I mean, look, we're always looking to maximize our return on investment. We talk about that to grow in this vastly underpenetrated market. In some countries like in the U.S., it's just a matter of refining how we spend. We talked about the influencers, talked about NFL and other things. And in other countries, we've really started spending some of that consumer advertising and we see a great response and we see a strong return. And those are areas that, as we see that response, we see it turn into volume, those are areas that will continue. So we're always looking at return on investment and we'll find ways to be able to grow our volume that way.
John Morici: And look, Jon, I think as we've said it, we're controlling what we can control, making investments that help drive this business. We look at -- as Joe said, we felt really good about how we exited Q4. We saw that in January as well, and we don't want to guide. We basically haven't because there is things that are outside of our control. And we'll leave that as it is. What we're trying to give you is kind of the latest information without projecting forward.
John Morici: Yes, Steve, the basic way to think about this as we look at our revenue, we've got revenue on a new case that we ship out. And there is a certain amount that you recognize on that shipment based on our rev rec. And then there is a certain amount for future aligners or future modifications that are needed. That will be deferred revenue. And then you also get into your revenue so that those deferrals that you've made for maybe previous quarters or even previous year that as they -- that doctor needs to use that additional lines, you're going to get revenue for that. When you have a mix like we have, where there is much more, there is this demand for future volume for new cases, you get a mix where we just have a lot more as a percentage of new cases and that's what impacts ASPs. When we look at that from a margin standpoint, it's margin accretive. We're getting as new cases. Many of the cases that we get back from a deferred revenue standpoint where there's refinements we just don't make as much margin on that. You get the deferred revenue, but you don't get as much of the margin. So there is those dynamics that we have. We saw just when you have a significant volume increase like we saw in our third and fourth quarter.
John Morici: I'd echo this, the breadth. I mean, you have new doctors, like Joe said, 7,000 new doctors that come in with and want to do cases that come into our ecosystem and start cases. You see doctors who have done just a few cases really start to accelerate and then at the top of the pyramid, you have people that are doing a lot of cases and they do even more cases. So that's part of when we talk about the breadth of this growth and what makes it excited. And it's like Joe said, not just a U.S. phenomena, it's pretty much everywhere.
John Morici: Especially in a COVID environment, given the fact that you don't want to have as much time for impressions and so on and you want to be able to have something that's fast and really be part of that digital workflow, this iTero lends itself well.
John Morici: Yes, I think I can answer the tax piece of it. No, really not a tax impact. It really came down to when we look at the campus that we have in San Jose and the expansion that we have from a technology center, we become space constraint. And so we want to keep that technology center, that innovation center in San Jose and expand that out and add more to help with that innovation. And then moving to here in Tempe for kind of that head office just made sense to us.
John Morici: Yes. And Rich, it's John. I mean, we are always looking at those types of promotions for an ROI. And in these cases, many cases looking at it from an incremental standpoint, nothing could be more incremental than it was glued onto someone's teeth and now they come off and they go to Invisalign. So we like those dynamics there. It sends a great message. And those people who had wires and brackets on their teeth can talk about their experience with Invisalign. So there is a lot of positives to it, as Joe said, it started in Japan. And we've seen great success in the U.S. and we look to other places as well.
John Morici: It's tough because it really becomes kind of the end result, because if you have more primary cases as I spoke compared to secondaries, you can get some of these impacts in ASPs. I think, in general, there is not a significant change that we would expect in some of the mix or some of that some of that pricing. So that being said, you wouldn't expect too much fluctuations in ASPs. But like I said, it depends on that demand that comes forward from our doctors.
John Morici: I think the breadth of it is my note on this that we have across geographies between GP and orthos. And what we described is a lot of doctors that are higher-up in the tier, they're continuing to do a lot of volume, and then a lot of new doctors that come in that come in with cases in hand. And we can get them to start the Invisalign system into our digital ecosystem. So, that continued from Q4 into Q1.
John Morici: And it starts with the vastly under-penetrated market and the investment opportunities we talk about. We tried to give you a kind of the breadth of all the different levers that we have to pull to be able to drive that return. And we continue to make that. It changes over time in terms of how we invest and where and so on, but that, that belief is still there. And when we make those forward investments, we're invested into that under-penetrated market that we think we can grow 22% in and do it at a 25%-plus op margin rate.
