Joe Hogan: Thanks John and thanks again for joining us today. Before I close, I want to take a minute to talk about some of Align's actions to support relief efforts in the communities in which we live and work. One of the things that makes Align a great place to work is the concern our employees have for the world around us and their commitment to helping others. The passion is core to our purpose of transforming smiles and changing lives. And in this time of need, how we support our employees and customers and serve our communities is more important than ever. Early on in the outbreak, we donated RMB1 million to the Chinese Red Cross to support relief efforts and what were then some of the hardest hit areas. More recently, we committed $1 million to the Align Foundation, Align's donor advised fund through Fidelity Charitable. And our teams have been working together to source and supply additional personal protection equipment, or PPE, and medical supply donations for frontline health care workers in the communities we serve. Here's some slides to give you more details on this. Finally, thanks to the ingenuity and diligence of our manufacturing engineering team, we're able to leverage our 3D printing technology and manufacturing expertise to produce face shields and medical swabs for COVID-19 testing kits. Through our network of connections with hospitals across the globe, we are donating them to hospitals with the most critical needs. As our existing 3D printing equipment is highly customized for aligner fabrication and can't be reconfigured, we acquired some new separate 3D printers to specifically help with relief efforts. I'm extremely proud of what our employees are doing individually to make a difference in what Align is doing as a business overall. In summary, we're all operating in a tough environment. And even as we start to see signs of recovery in some geographies, we don't know when we'll get back to normal or even near-normal operations. As always, we're committed to the safety and well-being of our employees, doctor partners, their staff and patients. That remains our top priority in the weeks and months ahead. That and working with our stakeholders and communities to get through this together. With that said, I want to make it clear that we are not resting on our laurels waiting for the business in better days. Align Technology believes in playing offense and investing for our future. And that includes, first and foremost, protecting the jobs of our employees and keeping them ready to pivot for a fast recovery. That means no furloughs, no reduced salaries, staying focused on our long-term strategy. Employees remain our most strategic asset. Closing the exocad acquisition in early April to help expand our digital platform for the ortho restorative treatment. We are very excited about this opportunity. Adding resources to support international expansion. For example, approximately 100 new sales reps in China, improving virtual treatment options, and releasing new products and digital tools to meet our customers' needs like Invisalign virtual appointment and Invisalign virtual care to help doctors and patients connect while practices are closed and beyond. Key to expanding our digital platform in a post-COVID-19 environment, investing in marketing in media to reach of consumers while they're at home during the pandemic and keep our brand top of mind, something that other companies have stopped to conserve cash. Extending our working capital to help our customers manage their cash flow and expenses. We are very aware of the near-term volume challenges of consumer sheltering in place, closed ortho and dental offices and possible delays in new treatment as consumers go back to work and evaluate their priorities. But we're still focused on investing in a vastly under-penetrated market and believe that Align is uniquely positioned for recovery and continued growth coming out of the pandemic. COVID-19 will continue to have significant implications to the world and to our industry. Our digital platform has made it possible for thousands of doctors and patients to continue Invisalign treatments throughout this global disruption, thanks to the digital orthodontics and Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning and virtual monitoring and care. I think coming out of this, more doctors than ever will have experience the benefit of digital treatment and digital tools for their practices and many we have seen firsthand the limitations and frustrations of the traditional analog approach to patient treatment like wires and brackets. With that said, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator for questions.
Joe Hogan: You know first of all you know China is China, right. China has a very rigid lockdown procedures they were into this first; I don’t think you can really take up that from China in this vector work at United States from a Western geography in general. We also see as John indicated in his written script, is that this is coming up in China by city. And we see Beijing and Wuhan area and all Hubei Province being behind in that sense. So I think as you look at the United States, too, New York and California will come up differently than the middle part of the nation is what we're seeing right now, too. So you talked about some segmentation in the sense of how it's come back in China, too, remember, it's primarily a comprehensive product base that we have in China. And it's pretty much stay. I mean we're selling some moderate there and some different things. But it's primarily coming back as a comprehensive piece. So again, I don't think that's a vector that we'll use when you look at other areas, too. So I mean there's no question, Nathan, the other countries will come back. I'm just very reluctant to take a vector from China and really relate that to the Western economies in different countries because it's all being handled differently around the world.
Joe Hogan: Brandon, we've already extended up from an Advantage tier standpoint with our customers, when they went into that. So, I don't know, how much of an effect that will have on an ASP standpoint, because we basically be holding them to where they are. But overall, it's not price. It's our strategy here as we come up out of here. It's how do we support our customers in a digital environment. We're trying to explain how do we -- how do we really support them from a PPE standpoint and an export standpoint. We talked about loans, different things from a cash flow standpoint. We know many of them are going to be challenged in that way. And we have been offering some payables relief and deferral going forward. So it's a broad aspect of needs, we think, our customers will have. Advantage is one part of that, but it's what we can bring to these customers holistically to help their practice and help them grow.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jon, I won't be specific, but I mean, most of our competitors have had layoffs or cutbacks in some way. We've been just been blessed with a really strong balance sheet going in. This allows us to have the flexibility and do it as we do. We're a growth business. You know that Jon well. We're set up for 20% to 30% kind of growth, and we have to position ourselves for that. In that sense, making sure that our production capacity is ready, that our employee base is ready, too. Our sales teams are really critical in that sense, too and it's wonderful. We can see some of the investments like Invisalign Virtual Assistance and things that we're working with customers right now, that we can launch those products and continue to drive those products going forward with a full force engineering team also. So, from a competitive standpoint, I mean, we're seeing varying degrees of cutbacks and moves in that sense. But we're not focused on that, Jon, really. We're just focused on what we think we should do, what's important in our portfolio, and how we can help our doctors out.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Jon, when we launched Swift, timing couldn't be worse in that sense because COVID hit pretty far after that, but we got a pretty strong signal in that, that we think we understand at least part of the demand equation. We're going to look at rolling that out in a broader sense going forward in the United States and maybe in different parts of the world. But I think when you talked about the price point on ASP and different things, and obviously, we broach that with the doctors who are part of the Swift program. But Jon, you know this; I want to make sure our colleagues understand. This is -- our margins on this product line are accretive to our gross margin area and how we're going into it. So, it's really important in how we position that going forward. But again, those 300 million patients out there, we know there's some price sensitivity and then there's some clinical aspects from a simplicity standpoint that we're going out with that product line. And we think it will respond real well in a broader sense as we begin to roll that out.
Joe Hogan: Steve, that's top of mind as we do things today, too. So actually, even before COVID, when we designed Swift, Swift was designed for basically 2 to 3-doctor direct contact and that's it. And that was part of making the equation for doctors a profitable equation, too. Then you roll in our remote monitoring capability we just rolled out, which gives doctors a tool to be able to do that, and we'll be able to enhance that tool going forward. There's limited amount of attachments in IPR on things like Swift, too. And it's not that our clinical protocols are going to, in some way, decrease in the sense of what the clinical capability are and what we can do. We're also cognizant in the sense of time and mouth. And we'll adjust that. We might tie those things differently to help doctors, too. But there's a lot of different things that we're contemplating. We talked about at the conference last year about direct printed attachments and those kinds of things that in the future and not-too-distant future, will allow a lot less contact and a lot of speed from a productivity standpoint with doctors and patients be able to do those things. So it's the right line of questioning, Steve. So remote monitoring, a digital platform that allows us to anticipate exactly when you'll be seeing a patient and what will need to be done in that sense, not duplicating treatments at the office that don't need to be done and keeping up with patients in a sense remotely and only calling them in when something goes away or a doctor has a concern in some way. So we feel our digital platform and things we have in the pipeline, Steve, we're really well positioned to address that.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Steve, I think it's going to be -- it's certainly not going to be uniform in the sense of how we go about that, whether it's in the states or anywhere around the world, there are going to be certain government restrictions. I think there's going to be certain -- when I say restrictions, too, it's going to be equipment that's available from a PPE standpoint, what patients are going to be prepared to do? We see some -- if you look at treatment planning alternatives or when patients enter an office right now, they're not even coming into the office. At the time, they stay in their car until they're summoned in some way to make sure that there's less interaction and proper social distancing within the office itself. So I can't really tell you yet. The only thing is I think there's going to be a lot more caution about, obviously, transmission of the disease. That's going to include how you stage patients, how often you see these patients. And I think from a dental versus orthodontic standpoint, they are obviously going to be different protocols because of the different procedures that take place there. Steve, there's an interesting article in the New York Times yesterday that really did an X/Y kind of a graph on different types of professions that interface with customers and which ones are most time from an intimacy standpoint and could transmit a virus. And dentistry came up almost on the top of that whole thing. So I mean that's going to be watched closely, and I think we have to make sure we work with our customers -- I mean doctors and to help them through this, too.
Joe Hogan: I get it, Elizabeth. Look, first of all, we've been -- we didn't just roll -- we just rolled this out. We've been working on it for over a year. And so we actually rush this to the market. And as we rush into the market, we were cautious in a sense of how many doctors we -- you had in the program. And we started here in the United States, and now we're gradually moving it to broader to more doctors in the U.S. and across the world, too. We had to train the doctors to do this, but the great thing it is on our IDS platform. And it has a great user interface that the team put together. So from the feedback that, I've gotten from the teams and the doctors, too, that user interface has been pretty simple in how they've been able to put that piece together. And remember, the whole idea there is just that how do you stay -- and these kind of lockdown periods or future workflows where patients don't want to come into the office all the time to see a doctor, how in the world can you track treatment and how can you communicate? And it's gone really well. And we will have actually more doctors who want it that we can give it to right now. We just want to make sure we don't burden them, and we just roll it out piece-by-piece to make sure that it's robust enough to handle more and more doctors over time.
Joe Hogan: Yes. More than 2,000 doctors, we have more than 2,000 doctors trained right now -- trained and beginning to use Virtual Care. And obviously, we have tens of thousands of doctors out there that we'll want to roll this out, too, and we think they'll have an interest in it.
Joe Hogan: And we've had over -- just I'm getting some other data here, too. We have over 3,500 appointments right now that have been done through Virtual Care. Elizabeth, if we think about this, too, it just makes sense, right? I mean in everybody's kind of -- in today's COVID environment, it obviously makes sense to try to eliminate patients trying to have this person-to-person contact. But I mean going forward, too, in a digital kind of environment, having these kind of tools just make sense from a productivity standpoint for both doctors and patients, too. So we'll continue to invest pretty heavily in this to get better and better at it. This is our initial launch, but you'll see more and more iterations to help to enhance this 
Joe Hogan: Jeff, overall, that's not a model that competes with us. We go directly to doctors in everything we do, work through a doctor base. And so from what we know of the -- I haven't looked at the patent or whatever. I just read most of the information that's out there. That has to do with Invisalign. And we have to do with just scanning a patient in a store and transferring a file that the -- never really reaches a doctor in any way except from a teledentistry standpoint. So, we don't see it being an issue for us at all.
Joe Hogan: From an orthodontist standpoint, Jeff, you're right to segment those two because, obviously, dentistry is a lot different than orthodontist and whatever. The orthodontists that we look to, I would say that they're not concerned, but they're cautious in the sense of what they have to do, the precautions they have to make with the patients and also with their employees internally. They are anxious to get back. But I mean there's a good degree of caution to make sure that they come back in the right way, in a thoughtful way, too. And again, I think this could vary by state also in the sense of how it's applied and what kind of regulations are put in place. But I know there's -- they're really interested to come back. And the ones that really went into this was a significant amount of Invisalign feel good that they've been able to stay in contact with their patients and be able to send passive aligners with different things that's helped in any kind of course correction or holding patients to where they are. So, on the dentistry side, I mean, that's obviously going to be different. But when you think about it, an Invisalign is one of the least invasive procedures that you're going to see in dentistry. And we'll certainly be emphasizing that and trying to work with doctors to help them through. And we talked about iGo and the growth of iGo, and that's a great -- when you think about you think when we talk about a digital platform, that's a terrific product for GPs in the sense of being able to leverage that and then send a more difficult cases of the orthodontist side. We'll be working with GPs to really help through that transition.
Joe Hogan: So we call it CCA, and CCA would be in order. And I'd say, John can correct me on this; I'd say it's four days to five days.
Joe Hogan: Kevin, prior to the COVID-19, we have a program called ADAPT where doctors -- orthodontists come to us and say, look, you want to go primarily 80%, 90% Invisalign. How do we do that, right? And so how do you do that, you're going to crank up your volume in a significant way. And to do that, you just needed to drive more productivity. And so we were pushing that piece is you don't have to see patients as often, right? You might have patients come back every 3 or 4 weeks to adjust wires and brackets. Likely, they're going to come back doing their episode with a wire that comes out, and it's an emergency procedure, about 20% of an orthos time that doesn't have wires and brackets or emergency cases. We talk to doctors about how you can really control your schedule much better in a digital environment and how patients don't have to come back so often. We talk about 7 weeks, 8 weeks seeing patients. Now that becomes even more magnified when you think about profitability of infection and concern about COVID-19. It's not just a productivity play. It's a way of being able to treat patients in a way that's safer for your staff and safer for those patients, too. So we'll certainly be emphasizing that. And -- but it goes -- it just goes along with a digital platform. It is -- it's much more productive. And doctors will need less time per patient. And I mean, we know that well from the millions of patients that we've done.
Joe Hogan: Hi, Jaime. I'll take that. We're still -- we have the design. We're still working that piece. We have to find an effective way to manufacture it. So I don't have a date that I can give you, but I can tell you that it's high on our priority list.
John Morici: Hey, Brandon, this is John. Yes, as we said, there are levers that we could pull. Just as we accelerate growth, there's levers we pull. And when we look at our existing OpEx, as we look to spend some of our marketing dollars, where we spend it, how we spend it, there's levers around that spend. As with the travel restrictions and less conferences and so on there's a lot of other operating expenditures that can be pushed out and not spent currently. So we're focused in on and still investing for the future to be able to work with our doctors, as Joe has mentioned, on a lot of new technologies and making sure that we keep the employees and the focus that we have on our structure that we have, but we'll modulate as we needed -- as we need to going forward, if it's needed.
John Morici: But from an order to an after shipment, it could be three to four weeks because it's the back and forth. He's describing kind of initial to the actual shipment. It could be three to four weeks depending on how much back and forth. As you know, John, getting that treatment plan just exactly the way the doctor has and wants it takes a number of iterations. And then the actual manufacture and shipment can do. So on the outset, it could be 4 weeks in total.
John Morici: Well, there's still going to be back and forth that goes on. So I mean you have patients that have not been able to make it into the office to look at the final plan for doctors to meet other things that go on. So it's going to vary by this until the doctor actually approve the treatment plan and then it gets manufactured. So remember, our business is a made-to-order business. I mean there's no inventory. And as things change in the environment, when there -- people can't come to the office to seek treatment or to make sure that they're going to prove that treatment plan, things shut down right away. And it takes some time to see that ramp back up.
John Morici: Yes. Nothing on that John that we're giving on any forward guidance other than what we've had in our prepared remarks.
John Morici: Yes. It varies by doctors and so on. But as they have working capital concerns, we're in a fortunate position to be able to help out. So we work with them to kind of manage their cash flow in terms of paying us. And then the DSO impact is obviously impacted by lower revenue as well, which causes that to increase. So -- but we're working closely with our customers, and making sure that they can help weather the storm, stay close with them. And as they start to ramp up, we want to be their partners with them, and cash is an important part of that.
