Joe Hogan: Hi, Erin. First of all, when you look at the Americas, this is split up – as the America side includes Latin America and Brazil, which is growing over 100%. There's terrific growth down there. So our focus is mainly when we talk about a little bit of a slow down, it's been in the North American marketplace in the U.S. and Canada. When you talk about segments that have done well is what I read in my script too is when you look at teens or we call them tweens between seven and 10, they're up 140% year-on-year in the Americas. It's our fastest growing group and that reflects the technology that we've put in place around Invisalign First, which is made for dental expansion in that age of patient and also our Mandibular Advancement product also that I think you know about too. So that's been a terrific segment for us. Our adult segment too has been strong. It's that 20 to 29 year old that we saw some amount of slow down over time. But when you get into the older classifications, we're still seeing really good strong growth in those areas. So I feel well about our portfolio that I talked about in my script, which is iGo and also our Lite product, can address that segment of 20 to 29 that we think is looking for a price point and also some convenience. We're sure that we can offer through our ortho channels and also our GP channels too.  On the competition in general is how I framed your second part of your question, when you think about DTC versus I would interpret that as just standard competition. It's really hard to say exactly how to break this up. But in general, we feel that when you look at that specific consumer segment, it's more of a DTC segment. It's not necessarily a traditional segment that they would be appealing to. So in general, I feel good about our positioning. I think our position with orthos and GPs continues to be strong. I mean, you look at our most – it was great to be in this field. We were in Asia last week. We were also in North America that I mentioned, the previous week. And we've been involved with a lot of customers. And just what I said in my script, I mean there's – we know that things are being trot out there from consumer standpoint. We feel so good about the feedback we get about the clinical capabilities of Invisalign, the consistency of it. It's interaction with iTero, which is it's really a master in the marketplace. And then all of them reaching out to say how they want to compete against that DTC segment, we're the only company that can really join hands with them and help them to compete in that area.
Joe Hogan: Yes, hey Jon. General from a teen standpoint, you know what our product portfolio is and how well it competes in that sense. When we talk about the slow down right now – the part of it is – a huge part of it is China and China obviously is a big teen season as we roll into China now. And we're confident we'll be able to perform in that marketplace too, Jon. And there's still demand there. There's just – after what we saw in the second quarter, we have some basic uncertainty there and that's reflected in what – and what our guidance is. But it certainly doesn't decrease our confidence in the sense of our portfolio, our positioning and the movements that we're making in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities that I mentioned in my script. It's a really important part of us expanding in that geography and just giving us more mass in the sense of being exposed to broader patients across that area. So overall, I feel good about that.
Joe Hogan: Well, they're specific – they're specific in North America in the ortho channel that you mentioned, Jon. And we see in the first basic 24 days in July, we're seeing a significant uptick in that part of the marketplace. So we say work that out. It just – it just seems that we've had doctors tell us they've tried these products, they haven't been satisfied with the software or the results that they've had to-date or whatever. And then we see an inflection point from a growth standpoint as we move into July being not significant. Secondly is when we look at Asia in the July orders also including China, we've seen an uptick in China also. So just in general, I’m talking about, and we're talking about as a team is from a volume standpoint, we've seen an increase in that sense. It gives us confidence that those things are working themselves out.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Glen, I start to say, our markets always been price sensitive. And when you look at our portfolio in the sense of how we put things together with our comprehensive product and then our Lite products, products like E5 and E7, the iGo that I talked about too, these have all been positioned to hit a certain price point, not just for doctors, but for doctors with their patients too. When you talk about competition increasing or whatever, again, it's out there, the traditional players that we know about. I'll talk about the DTC channel in a second. But in general what we find is there's no scale yet. There's no scale on the software side. There's no scale on the supply side. There's a ways to go. There's no challenge in the teen segment results, , it's primarily simple cases on the adult side. And so it's not that we don't take it seriously, it's just that we feel that we have really strong sales force. The iTero integration with our product line is so strong in that way. It makes it easier for doctors to work with us and to work with patients also. Our operations are unmatched in the sense of – now we produce half a million to 600,000 aligners a day. It's not easy to do those things.  So overall as the landscape changing, sure it is. I mean, our key patents ran off at the end of 2017 as you know, we're in the 2019. And we're seeing competition slowly ramp up, but we're not saying that it's been material this quarter. We're just recognizing that it's been out there. On the DTC channel price again, I'll go back to our portfolio, the products like Lite, products like iGo, our simpler products like E7 specifically, those are designed for simple cases. Basically that's what DTC does. They do social six, lower crowding, things that are orthodontically simple. These products have been aligned for that too. Our job to get those products in our doctor's hands and to get in front of the patients and show them what an opportunity is to work with a doctor and its product line to getting the kind of outcomes that they expect. And also they give them a chance to be able to work with the doctor, hand-in-hand if they don't like the treatment at some point in time, they can continue to progress with that doctor to make it better too.
Joe Hogan: Yes, hey, Brandon. First of all, on the DTC piece is, I think it's – there's light and dark in that, right. I do feel that Smile Direct Club and Candid, they've raised the category for awareness significantly. And we hear throughout our doctor base, whether the orthodontic side or GP side, the patients come in asking about clear aligners much more than they have before. So it forces that conversation that gives them an opportunity to engage at a level that I feel is just our advertising alone, it would have never gotten to that level. So that's a positive side. The negative side is it's – there's some price competition, that segment offers $2,000 or less kind of a case for simple case and it's pushed some of the doctor office models and it's pushed our portfolio too. What we're saying is we've always know there's a 10% overlap and educating our customers, having customers be able to, which is our doctors, having this customers be able to use an iTero scanner to help to communicate and visualize exactly what the treatment plan would be. Giving patients some off ramp in the sense that they have issues during the treatment time that they can be addressed by a doctor directly, all those things are things that we just have to make sure we take better advantage of with our doctors and the channels that we work with in order to take advantage of that increased interest that we see out there. From a new rep standpoint. It was second part of your question, Brandon. We put roughly 100 in North America last year. We watched these statistics. I do, really closely and it's amazing to watch the productivity, what happens. It's like clockwork. It takes nine months. We're certain before they're really up to speed and you can see the productivity versus what our normal territory managers would have. And as we move into the third quarter, right now, I'm looking at those statistics. We see they're almost, we call it, breadth and reach. And the number of accounts they're calling on and the depth of those accounts are almost equal today. So as we go into the second half of this year, we're really confident about higher productivity with these reps and combine that with our new consumer ad campaign and the breadth of that consumer ad campaign that John talked about. We think will help to drive that demand and with the concierge service increase also, which is significant, will allow us to be able to take advantage of that demand in a way we really couldn't in the past without – with those resources.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Ravi, it's Joe. Your second question is dynamics of that, it's a really good question. When we look at that on the GP side, I mean, its hit-and-miss both on the orthos and the GP side. Our orthodontic data for the second quarter indicated there was really a reduction in number of adults that were going through orthodontist. And we know we recognize that. On a GP side, it hits the GP side also but what we see with our DSO specifically is they're up significantly in growth. I mean, there've been focused on Invisalign to hit it harder. So within that segment of GP, I think the individual practices its hit a little bit harder, the DSOs have really grabbed products like iGo, they’ve institute that in the organization and done much better with it.
Joe Hogan: John, I’ll start with the end of your question. It's a little more reticence on consumers to spend. I mean, you've seen that in other consumer channels, when you look at what's going on, particularly with some U.S.-based companies and obviously the issues that we have between the United States and China right now. As far as the competition goes, John, I'd say Angel Align is a very confident competitor in China from a overall standpoint, but it's not that we feel that there's been any dramatic change in the sense of their competitive positioning or their ability to do certain cases or others. But maybe we recognize them as a confident competitor, it's just when you look at the different cities too, Tier 3, Tier 4, there's a huge GP area in the Tier 3 and Tier 4 city. That's why we put, iGo and the GP sales force to go into it. The Tier 1 cities are more orthodontic. And so we do segment in that way. When you talk about maturation or some kind of saturation, we just don't feel that. Again, we're moving into the teen season in China in the third quarters, normally the biggest quarter, obviously there's still a lot of spending that goes on in China around the teen side. And so, no, I honestly feel that this is consumer sentiment in general. It's reflected in other consumer-based businesses. It's not to your point, broadly driven by competition or by any kind of, I'd say saturation of clear aligners in that marketplace. I think we still have a long way to go before we'd ever reach that point.
Joe Hogan: Well, I’d say young adult is, how many doctor visits that they have to make John. And there are some technologies I don’t want to get into right now, but there are more remote technologies that would allow doctor to the CDs patients, less frequently from an office standpoint to be able to monitor their progress remotely. And I think those kind of things that they hit the convenience side, but it also hits the cost side because the less time they spend in an office there’s less doctor time associated with it. So it’s lower cost too. So there is a convenience and a price point, we think of technology, and doctor understanding of specific kind of products and where – when and where to use them will allow us to be able to get us that segment better.
Joe Hogan: Yes, we’re sticking to the 20%, 30% with competence, Steve, is nothing that really changed in that sense. And John, you…
Joe Hogan: Yes. Steve, I just reemphasize China’s not going away, right. I mean that’s a big market. It’s a phenomena. The other part that I think we talked about it, but it’s not we just got back we were in Asia last week. It’s not necessarily apparent as the rest of them – the rest of when you look at APAC is so strong. You have Japan approaching 50% growth rates or more. You have just incredibly strong region overall. We think we’ll get through this China’s situation. It’s going to continue to be our second biggest marketplace. And I feel really good about our investments over there too, because I think it addresses this consumer sentiment piece that we can be more like a Chinese company than be viewed as a just an American company.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jeff on the software release we had, I mean it was unfortunate, but we – it’s contained and we know exactly what happened and that’s been cleaned up broadly across the world. On the – when you think about Costa Rica too, we’ve had a lot of pressure on that organization. It’s not necessarily, because competitors have moved down there and we have lost some employees to them. It’s just been our capacity. We’ve had – our growth has been phenomenal. You still look at the stack rates, they’re huge. It takes us – I think I’ve mentioned before, Jeff, it takes us about six months to add capacity, basically people, technicians to Costa Rica to really get them up to speed where they can deal with customers. And we are a little bit behind the curve on that and customers felt it. This software that we released that you referenced put – did put pressure on them, because they – we had to go back and redo some cases in that, obviously put pressure on them, put pressure across our whole customer base when we did that. But it has nothing to do with SDC obviously has treatment planning down there and some of our more traditional competitors have moved people down there, but we haven’t had an attrition rate that’s significantly different in that area than what we’ve had before. So we’ve added capacity there. We’re going to add more capacity in the second half of this year. So that we can take care of some of the increases in volume we see at times. Because if you – when you do see these increases in volume, it’s not like they go away in two weeks, they ripple through this organization for 30 days or 40 days and we need to be able to have some little extra capacity to allow us to be able to address that.
Joe Hogan: Matthew, I’m not sure how to talk about the competition part more than what I have so far, right. We – I think we’ve categorized them well. We know what their capabilities are. It’s somewhat limited. When you say how to get at that, when some of these cases are offered for free or they’re offered for $800 or $750, some more of those are going to try it. If I was an ortho, I tried too, given where we’ve been in the marketplace and where our prices are or whatever and so. I think that’s just part of the competitive environment or whatever, but we’re being very clear about we don’t see a systemic loss to our traditional competitors in any way. So I don’t want to infer that at all either. From a China’s standpoint, look China, again, I think we talk about that in a few other calls, a few seconds ago, China continued to be strong. Consumer sentiment, there is consumers sentiment. We’re going to continue to invest there. We’re going to put more salespeople in place. We’ll follow through with continuing our training centers or manufacturing centers all we put in place. And we expect to China continue to grow and be – for the foreseeable future, the second largest area that we sell to. John, you can…
Joe Hogan: I appreciate a positive comment like because there were a lot of good things in this quarter. One thing you missed is you look EMEA up 39% in the consistency of the growth across that EMEA region. It’s really been amazing in that sense. I mentioned the other parts of APAC too strong growth that we saw. And again, we verified that last week when we were over to see the team. And in North America side, I mean when you look at these tweens, 7 to 10, up 140% and some of our other age groups, they’ve been very extremely strong. DSO marketplace has been great for us. And GP is still growing double-digits and is not taken for granted in this business because we’ve had some terrible, you’d go back years ago of GP growth that we saw double-digits. We’re continued to do well in that segment. But you pointed to iTero specifically in, I mean, it was a really an amazing quarter for iTero. So you have world-leading technology in iTero and with our 5D launch, it wasn’t available in the United States. It’s not yet. We’re still working through the FDA, but in other parts of the world it hasn’t made available. We’re seeing both orthos and dental – dentists or general practitioners are really interested in that product line too. We have good sales force, combined with our iTero sales force. It’s direct, but also with our Invisalign sales force too. And more and more, as it’s no secret that dental is going digital. To starts the whole digital piece, the front end of it as a scanner, having to kind of technology we have with iTero. You can see in some of the statistics that I mentioned in my opening, 13.7 million scans done. I think 3.8 million that were done for restorative scans, meaning they had really nothing to do for the most part with Invisalign in that sense, kind of shows you the versatility of that product line too. So those areas are very strong in the area. Talked about doc training, we did have some terrific numbers across all geographies for the quarter. That’s always a strong leading indicator of doc’s interest in future Invisalign cases. It breaks down differently by different regions to how fast they’ll go. But as an overall, signal in the sense of what’s in front of us and the interest from a doctor’s standpoint, the doctor training thing is good and I’m glad you picked up on it.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Steve. Like you said, not to be over granular though. I think China by far was one where – when you’ve got the June and all, it was more difficult than what we had anticipated. Our China team is terrific too. So you do count on these guys to be able to deliver toward end of the quarter. And we see that, time and time again, it just didn’t materialize and that consumer sound, that piece became more and more visible to us, as we got through the quarter in that way. In North America, I’d say in general, we were good with the team volume was up 24%, same as what we had in the previous quarter up 24% too. So there wasn’t really a team issue from a North America standpoint. But we did see some slowdown, as we went into the quarter also. As you think about July in general and we talk about that increase, we’re not just comparing it to June, we’re talking about the entire quarter, the first and second quarters and what we at, when we talk about that increased us, we wouldn’t mention it.
John Morici: Yes, I mean, it’s – like you said, Glen, its down about $15, $10 of that was exchanged and then the rest of it was mix so nothing material from the previous quarter.
John Morici: No, Brandon. Its the one and a half to two points of expenses that's for the full year for that legal and reorganization. And we don’t expect that to continue into next year.
John Morici: On your first question, Ravi, on the gross margin improvement, we still expect to see sequential improvement. So we've guided up from Q2 for gross margin in the third quarter and we expect that improvement to continue into the fourth quarter.
John Morici: Elizabeth, when you look at that our comprehensive held and they're really well, you remember – it's really important to remember the comprehensive, our larger size docs like diamond, diamond plus, platinum rely almost exclusively on those product lines because the discount that we give them really it makes it easier for them to be able to move up and down the portfolio. They liked that product line, the comprehensive side only because you get the five year additional aligners. So when you move to the non-comp in that increase, our Lite product line stood out really well. Our E7 did extremely well and also iGo by far was a real winner in that piece. So you remember a product like iGo too has one individual additional aligner that's offered with it too. So for those kinds of simple cases that also gives the doctors confidence to be able to attack those things with more of a middle range kind of a product.
John Morici: We'd have to chill you, Elizabeth, if we told you that. It's top secret. Okay. It's no a mystery that we've been working on what's called a rapid palatal expander. So when we talk about Invisalign First, you think about that a dental arch expansion product. So you take your teeth that are in your arch and you basically expand those teeth. A palate expander actually takes – from a morphological standpoint it just widens your mouth completely. That is something we've been working on. I feel we have a good line of sight on how to get that done. There'll be several – it will be more quarters before we introduce anything like that.
John Morici: Yes, Steve, this is John. We assume China kind of stays as we’ve seen. So we saw some of that slowed down in the second half of the quarter, second quarter. And we assume that that continues not knowing how that consumer sentiment is going to change over the next few months.
John Morici: That’s how we’re allocating resources and investing for that long-term growth model of revenue 20 to 30%. We’re making investments where they’re appropriate and looking for return on those investments to work with our long-term growth model.
John Morici: Yes. That gets us low branded are Jeff from the investments that we’re making in marketing. So we’re making those media investments in the third quarter, we’re expected to continue to the fourth quarter. And that’s a reflection in the overall op margin rate that I gave.
John Morici: Mike, this is John. Really, there’s no change in how we guide, we look at a lot of factors and understanding of the market being a few weeks into the quarter. So we’re – no change in terms of how we guide. We’re just trying to put the pieces that we see. And as we mentioned with 2Q, we had some slow down, primarily China in June. And we want to be reflective of what we see. So no change in how we guide. We give our best estimate at a point in time. And that’s what we’ve done.
John Morici: Nothing that we saw out of the ordinary, Mike. It was – we looked at the demand that we saw – some of the pressure that we saw in June. But it was around the consumer sentiment, like, Joe said, that China team delivers quarter-after-quarter. So we felt very confident that we’ve got a great business there in terms of the investments that we’ve made in treatment planning and now manufacturing and training centers and so on. So we’re continuing to invest in grow, just calling a number that we see.
John Morici: Yes, Nate. When we think about ASP is and really what we saw at the end of – we guided for at the end of last year was essentially flat ASPs. We have puts and takes as you know, with our business between international growth and comprehensive versus non-comprehensive. But what we’ve seen through this year and our Q3 guide is consistent to the fact that notwithstanding FX, we expect it to be about flat as we go through. So we have puts and takes to it, but from an overall ASP that is flat. And the promotions that we have, like we have every quarter, no different, in terms of how we’re thinking, we’re trying to drive, increase utilization, trying to drive growth in our business and promotions continuous as usual.
John Morici: Yes, Nate, most of what we saw, that slowdown or the guidance that we gave was related to China. Like you said, we saw this in June and that’s a reflection of how we’ve guided. So the majority of that was related to China.
