Joe Hogan: Well, I think nothing's really changed in that sense. There's some amplitude that we're talking about in the sense of what we're calling right now. But overall, we feel good momentum in the business and what we're trying to convey with you is we stay within the volume ranges that we've talked about before. But, we're just going to look quarter-to-quarter, we continue to look at the same drivers, I mean, continue to look at APAC being strong, Europe will be strong and North America, particularly around teens and our focus there and iTero scanners continue to go off well. So overall, I really feel good about our forecast and will be more and more clear obviously as we come back to you after the first quarter.
Joe Hogan: I think Nathan, we've been very I think clear over the last year or so that we do expect competition in 2018. In these forecasts, we are reflecting any kind of competition we might see, but there's been nothing out there recently that's changed any position that we've had from a competitor standpoint. So these forecasts do reflect how we see the marketplace and that includes potential competition as we get into longer parts of this year.
Joe Hogan: Well, we are translating Erin the small concierge program overseas. We will look at it, we will move it into APAC this year and also move it into EMEA. What’s nice about it is it’s scalable right now. We can take what we've learned in North America and there's a lot of IT involved and a lot of processes in a sense of how you turn a consumer into patients that we’re able to I think plug and play much better now, we have that experience. That's really what that understanding is what led to the Invisalign store, the pilot that we currently have in San Francisco is that just wanted to move this even closer to patients.  And remember again, we're not doing any kind of diagnosis or anything like that. We do scans in these shops and we show potential patients or consumers, what their smiles could look like in two different sets of -- two approaches what we call signature and deluxe. I would say what we're doing, we continue to -- it is a pilot and we work through the workflow between us and the doctor and us and the patient and we refined that pretty well over the last 60 days and we're making progress.  That should give us the confidence to announce that we're going to move a store in to San Jose and also two on the East Coast this year, but we'll be very clear with you about what we learned, but again, this is all about how you turn a consumer into a patient and this is as much -- this is a doctor model. We're working with our doctors to make this happen. And so how you touch these consumers, how the frictionless way that you move a consumer into a doctor, how fast that information can be received, all that is really important in this customer journey and we're learning more and more about that and how to do it better. So we're optimistic about it and we do this -- have it on our future plans. And obviously, just like the concierge services, we have success here and we have a model we think scalable. We’ll look at where that might fit in different countries around the world.
Joe Hogan: Erin, this is really, it’s actually simple. Sounds like a drug or anything like that. They just need more data at the FDA and they just want to have more comfort with the safety and the efficacy of the product line, so we're supplying that data. We expect hopefully we’ll be through that by the second half of this year and then we'll move on. I mean, I talked about the 5,000 cases that we did last year with 2500 of those being in the fourth quarter alone. Honestly, the feedback that we get from our patients overseas is tremendous. I mean when we look at the device that we've replaced through this, it's amazing like a twin block device. Let’s normally use that there.  When you can actually move this jaw forward as comfortably as we do with math, but also straighten teen’s teeth at the same time. It's really an amazing invention. So I think that's part of the way the FDA wants more and more information because they really haven't seen a device like this before, but we feel very confident we'll be able to supply their informational needs and as we move in to the second half of this year, we'll give you more clarity on exactly where that stands.
Joe Hogan: It’s Joe again. Look I would say we've done one in a row on teens and we have more work to do on this, but we have to put a lot of money into the system in the sense of educating moms and teens, peer to peer training for doctors, all these things. And so I'd say, the whole idea, enthusiasm around the tipping point, we're not there yet. We have to continue to see this market and push this market in order to get it going. We're confident in our ability to do that based on what we experienced in the last five quarters, but not necessarily ready to claim victory and that this has its own momentum at this point in time.
Joe Hogan: Jon, what we're doing is we’re basically magnifying the investments that we’ve made in 2017, so you'll see again investment in teen, broader advertisements, so we now help to drive GP volume growth, particularly in United States too. Investments in our concierge service, but behind that too is what you alluded to also is more field people on the ground calling on customers to actually drive the business. So there's a direct correlation -- when you look at the correlation between our investment in these particular areas to drive demand and the demand we're able to drive and we can see that we realize through that, we're continuing on the same plane that we have before, Jon. I think I'm behind you, I know your question is leverage. As actually when that leverage does occur, I mean that's – I’m voiding that -- it's just -- I don't this thing is not self-sustaining yet. We have to invest in to drive demand in this business and to educate consumers and particularly and to train doctors. And so I don't see that going away in 2018, Jon.
Joe Hogan: Jon, from a San Francisco store standpoint, when you ask the doctors around San Francisco about the store, there's enthusiastic support for it, because they're close to it and they see what we're doing. But if you go around the country, there is anxiety with doctors in the sense of what is Align trying to do with these stores and how to go about it. So we continue to try to communicate that this is a doctor's model and we're trying to drive that demand as much as we can through the orthodontics, and also the GP.  To your specific question about the signature product and our cost forward, I mean that hasn't been a favorite of our doctors that we set that price, but obviously there is a market price for around that, but that kind of -- and I call it anterior teeth movement which is basically just a smile kind of improvement that we know that patients really want and we feel that we have to deliver. There are some docs that readily support it and they are happy with it.  There's other ones that aren't happy with it too and we continue to let them make that selection, whether they want to participate in that or not. We also have our deluxe cases as we haven't set a priceline that the orthodontists have been very happy with in a sense. So, we do have a significant number of patients that offer the Deluxe too when they understand potential bite changes and what that might do for the long term dentition.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. Zach, the one thing I was kind of stunned with was that basically 3M admitted that their scanner doesn't function properly for digital marketplace. I mean that surprised me more than anything. With that, it doesn't surprise me that they would go to 3Shape because 3Shape does have a good Confocal imaging scanner as we know, partially supported by our technology, but that's just to be expected in that sense. But -- the real part that surprised me was really that the def scanner that 3M currently has apparently will be retired in some way. So as far as what does that mean from a competitive standpoint, it doesn't change anything at all. It just means that 3M felt that they needed a different front end from a digital standpoint in their system than what they currently manufacture.
Joe Hogan: That’s like we didn't call our forecast any impact. We have customers upset at us because we had to make that move and wanted to make that move. But we're working through that, through offers of iTero that help offset this and also through subsidizing some submissions we did have in a fundamental way than the analog way in order to do impressions. So right now, we're not calling any kind of a downside based on that. We emphasize with customers have been effective from a workflow standpoint, we're doing everything we can to mitigate that and make it as easy as possible.
Joe Hogan: These are good questions. We’ll tell Steve how good you are. John's going to answer that question for you.
Joe Hogan: John, yes, we do. And we do that almost systematically. We make sure that we have enough SLA equipment and capability and whereas, obviously, we're going to have extra capacity now coming on in China that will help take some pressure off that facility too. We also could have a bottleneck on the patient and -- when you look at Costa Rica and what we do overall from the case assessment, case prescriptions standpoint, but we tend of stay up at that and we had a big challenge last year because we had a lot of volume come out as pretty quickly and we were able to recover and get it done. So I think the job right now I feel good about our operations team, our ability to anticipate that, to have the kind of capacity available upfront to get this done. So we don't look at that as being an issue in 2018.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think we've talked a lot about rapid palatal expansion, I mean we talked about that about 18 months ago. We’ve given updates on that, that technology continues to progress. We're enthusiastic about it. That's rapid palatal expansion, John. You put in, in this case a device, it replaces a device where you use actually a wrench today to turn it, it's very crude in the sense of how you expand the palatal, that this would be a digital way with plastic and being able to expand the palatal on a regular basis.  We also have a product called dental expansion, which will expand your upper arch also Invisalign with Invisalign aligners also. So those are the big products that we're moving toward. When you think about the teen marketplace, and we call tweens and teens and 30% of that marketplace is basically rapid palatal expansion and math, mandibular phase 1 kind of things. And so that technology is really aimed at making us more -- have a more substantial footprint and capability in that teen segment.
Joe Hogan: Jeff, I think it looks at separate company. They're looking at this as how they want to run their company and decisions that they make to invest and produce their own product. We take anything that comes externally that they don't want to manufacture and it varies. As you've seen kind of quarter by quarter, based on what they produce versus what they go outside with, but it's an internal decision that they make.
Joe Hogan: It’s Joe. We don't really -- don't set numbers year to year to think where we're going to be, but you saw a ten point increase last year in North America alone. So I mean we expect that going forward, as scanners are more and more adopted, obviously, fewer impressions are going to be done. So, ideally, you'll get to 100% someday, but getting to 80%, 85% is probably going to be, it’s the top of the area because a lot of, particularly on the GP side, they will be maybe reluctant to invest in the scanner until they know that they have enough Invisalign volume to really support that. But I -- as far as the savings of doing that, we actually obviously don't have -- you have better fitting aligners. We know all those things occur from that, but we don't have any quantification in the sense of the economics or changes in that way that I can share with you that I know.
John Morici: Look, we're doing a pilot now in some key markets and learning a lot and working through to make sure that we have the best possible patient and customer experience through this. So we're learning, making sure that it gets rolled out in the right way and you'll see a larger rollout coming in the future.
John Morici: Yes. Jeff, it's mostly investments. If you think about how 2017 played out, from the investments early on in the year and progressively as we went quarter by quarter, we've got increasing operating leverage. That's the same type of play that we would have for 2018. We're investing, we continue to follow the strategy that we have and you'll see those investments throughout the year and first quarter, it's not as much operating leverage, but to guide something flat on a year-over-year basis, around that 24%, you would expect that some of that increase as we go through the year.
John Morici: Yeah. I can start with that one. I mean when we think about our China operation, I mean, as kind of been noted, when we talk about investments that we have to make up, to accommodate the manufacturing, we're always investing. So now, we're going to add to that capacity that we need in China. So it's really a shift in some cases from Mexico to China and we'll continue to make those investments as needed from an overall growth standpoint. And when we look at our cash position that we have, as we said on previously, we're going to look at what strategically makes the most sense to bring cash back where we need it, where we can properly use that cash for future investments. But in other cases like China, we’ll leave cash there to be able to grow that operation that we need. So we're going to look at this very strategically as to how we best fund our growth.
John Morici: Brandon, it’s – yeah, as you pointed out, the revenue is -- the numbers that we guided to is just a pure reflection of what we expect from a scanner standpoint and being the strength of Q4 from a scanner standpoint, it’s a big quarter from a capital standpoint and investment standpoint by our doctors. It doesn't necessarily repeat in Q1. So that's a step down that we see. So it's really what's driving that change and it's been that, it's not unexpected in terms of how we look at Q4 to Q1.
John Morici: So, on SmileDirectClub, we would expect about the same volume year-over-year. So what we saw in ’17 should approximate and repeat in 2018 and that would be included in the overall numbers that we gave. And in terms of ASPs, we increased in the past, we haven't announced any increase in 2018. We will let our customers know in advance and then communicate that afterwards, but our past history has been to include.
