Thomas M. Prescott: GP Dentists pricing? Well, I guess in general, we saw lower activity with GPs in general, didn't get quite the growth we would have expected. Concurrently, we saw better growth out of orthos. Maybe saying it differently, less of a downturn than normal. So that GP volume, much of that was among, I'd say, lower to middle volume users, and more of them paid full price versus advantage based. That -- pretty simple. The second part is probably more of a migration towards Invisalign Express 10 from 5 and more full cases. All of those things play together for that higher ASP in North America.
Thomas M. Prescott: No, I think, Jeremy, that this is one of the puzzles we've got to solve over time. In my comments, I talked about the new Invisalign Fundamentals training program. We're hopeful that, that's going to help. It -- fitting Invisalign or orthodontic practice into a busy general dentist office is very different from most of their other sort of procedures. And so we want them to choose the right case and treat those cases really, really well and sometimes, for an adult, include some restorative with that. Oftentimes adults need some of that. So it can be a great fit. It's not for every practice, and orthodontics is complex. With all that said, the Invisalign Fundamentals, we're -- out of 3 pilots we put on, we're very pleased to see kind of post-90 days much better than what we've seen in the past with our own CE1. So with that, going forward, we'd be hopefully better able to engage the right practices, get share of mind and have them get great success for the patients and their practice. But this is a long-term journey, and we have to balance this. We're always focused on the specialty of orthodontics, but many adults seek their general dentist out for orthodontic advice and for treatment. So we want to be in both places.
Thomas M. Prescott: We only announce R&D and pipeline when it's finished. And what we've said, we've tried to be very clear that our intent is to work with appropriate other players with the right kind of scanners that we could qualify. But it's an extensive process, and it takes time. When there's news, you'll hear it.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I think when you could -- you could back into it with the numbers we provide a little bit. And each year in North America, for example, we slightly grow the base of orthodontists. I think we haven't put out, I guess, final numbers yet. It probably would be in our K or something with the number of orthodontists we did business with in North America. We're still counting all that up. But that number's grown, not hugely but nicely each year, and that's a direct reflection of this reengagement. We're really not training that many new orthodontists. We're maybe retraining or bringing them back in and sometimes in university settings, other times in other settings. But in many cases, early orthodontists with Invisalign didn't find us ready for prime time, and I'd have to argue they were probably right. As the product has dramatically evolved, as our capabilities have grown, they're able to feel increasingly that they don't always make clinical any trade-offs, even treating harder cases. And as they see their colleagues getting great clinical results and practice success, it tends to draw them back to us. It is a slow, steady process, and we're happy to see it just in the right direction. But I -- there's nothing more quantitative I could provide there.
Thomas M. Prescott: As part of our normal practice, I've actually got Roger George, our General Counsel, in here. So I'd like to ask Roger to take that question, please.
Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, John. The reason we position it as different was exactly for that reason. In many ways, it's different because it's not a large stream of revenue today. It's also different because we don't pick up substantial headcount or costs. We will incrementally invest, leveraging our country leadership and sales structure in those adjacent countries, putting incremental headcount into these specific new countries, and then starting to train more doctors. It's not a large business in any case today. And so, number one, you won't see any significant revenue lift like we did in Asia Pacific. Number two, there isn't a concomitant OpEx offset to go either. So both of those are the reason why we said it wouldn't be material in the near term.
Thomas M. Prescott: Chris, I'll pile on for just a second. This is Tom. The specifics beyond the kind of, I'll call it, more seasonal, the lumpy spending around beginning the new year and all those things that were just described is we are accelerating some investments in geographies. We've seen good results from that so far, and that shows up in the top line and drops through. We are accelerating some investments, not huge, but they add up to be meaningful in consumer marketing. And we're expanding areas in the world where we're doing some consumer marketing and with greater affect. We are -- we just rolled out G5 deep bite. In effect, we also said we just finally launched in November SmartTrack in China based on regulatories. And so you ought to think of each of these releases as having a first blast and then a series of echoes in terms of the whole commercialization cycle. There are still doctors we're reaching that are slower adopters that we're still pushing through to get them to try and recognize the differences in SmartTrack, so that's kind office by office process, that we keep putting our shoulder behind that. That goes on all around the world. And so a new release, in this case deep bite, will go on for 1 year or more. And then finally, in terms of R&D, we accelerate some of our investments in terms of expanding new indications so we can take on even more complex cases and close the gap with brackets and wires. So I think where the spending shows up especially is in a Q1, and the operating margin shows up a bit more this quarter given it's a little softer start to the year. It's just as simple as that.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Certainly I won't be quantifying this. The simple fact is that we've followed what the Cadent business, the iTero business, what their ethos was, which was to be very open. The iTero scanner is the most open scanner in the dental industry. They work with any lab, any supplier, any partner. And the goal is to have maximum utility for the customer and make the best customer experience for the patient. We have to be a little more discriminating than that when it comes to the Invisalign process because we have a very, very finely tuned mass customization process running at large scale. So we tend to treat this first as, in effect, a release of new manufacturing technology, validate, qualify and then very carefully bring online. The last question you raised here is about who do we want to work with or not. I think we're -- we start not by asking it that way. We say what's best for our customers and how do we help them. If they already have another scanner, and there are a significant number of those out there, and they would like to do Invisalign, we would not want them to have go buy another scanner, whether it's an iTero or somebody else's. So we're kind of trying to follow what's best for the customer here. And there's a handful of good companies and great scanners out there that over time perhaps will also have interoperability. And it's -- I hate to say it's that simple, but it kind of is. It just -- it's a difficult process, and we're very careful and thoughtful about the way we go through qualifying this.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I think that, Nathan, first of all, that we -- there's nothing different, nothing unusual. There's kind of no change from 1 quarter ago or 2 quarters ago. In general, what I'd say is that our biggest competitor remains traditional brackets and wires or self-ligating brackets, but the brackets and wires manufacturers. And their game is very good. They're fighting very hard not to yield share to clear aligner treatment, and we have to go office by office and earn our stripes, which really goes to product evolution and making ourselves easier to do business with and all the like. There are -- to our knowledge, there aren't really any new per se clear aligner players popping up. I'd say there's more knock-offs around the world outside the U.S. But really, it's the same competitive dynamic. And our biggest challenge is twofold: one, taking share from those brackets and wire starts, which is -- they've been doing that for 100 years, and it's very ingrained behavior for the clinician and in many communities; secondly, in parallel with that, we believe we can grow the market, which is also what's going on, especially among adults, and we offer a fundamentally different value proposition. And those 2 things, at least to this point, certainly blunt whatever noise there is around the competitive side for us.
Thomas M. Prescott: I wish we were that good, that we're going to project the best that we can see in a variety of factors impact what goes on here. If in a given quarter we have more -- relatively more volume coming from advantage in the North America or in Europe, they pay a, relatively speaking, a lower ASP. If in a given quarter there's more Express 10 growth among GPs or orthodontists, ASP would go down a little bit. I think the -- so that's going to move around a little bit. What I would say is from our purposes, we're a little less or we're a lot less concerned on the absolute ASP as in the health of each product line in terms of contribution margin and that, that is doing the job for us. And so we start out a year, we start out a quarter with a plan kind of by geography and by type of customer and for our product, and we've never been exactly right yet. So I think as long as it's going up into the right and that the adoption continues, I will tell you in general with all the investments we've made around product and with greater efficacy with that product and being able to go after new indications, that a lot of the core adoption growth has been for the full product or for the team product with orthodontists and dentists doing more complex cases. That's a factor that people, I think, lose track of. Our average treatment is getting longer. The case complexity is getting greater. So those -- that all plays away from a minor malocclusion treatment a little bit towards full treatment. And then the second part is, it's a little less obvious, almost by definition, the cases that get treated in Europe and Asia are more complex than the average case in North America. And so as we accelerate growth there, by definition they're full, they're complex cases. And when you add generally a bit of a pricing premium, that's all virtuous. So I was going to pile on a little bit there, but I'll stop there and see if that wrestled it down.
Thomas M. Prescott: You've thrown everything but the kitchen sink in there, and I'm not going to hide behind it. I think I'll start with the basics. In our view, in talking to all of our customers, the -- first, in December, the primary effect in our minds was the kind of time compression, the same thing that impacts some retailers with the late timing of Thanksgiving and some compression. And secondly, the -- where the holidays were positioned, kind of midweek, that activity slowed down a little bit in offices, and we saw less of that going on and they wind up being fewer office days worked. I'm certain somewhere along the line the weather kicks into that and as you can see in January. The pattern was there's a normal slowdown for us as we get towards the holidays. It's fairly predictable. It happened a bit earlier, and it was a bit more persistent through December. That persisted into January. And as we said, traffic has rebounded nicely and improving, and -- but that, I think, as an earlier question pointed out, in general December receipts are January shipments in revenue, and then January receipts are February shipments in revenue. So you -- our guidance assumes slightly lower shipments, both for January and some of February, given the January turn. So with all that said, that's included in our guidance. We feel great about the business. There's a lot of good things going on, and we think we're going to have a terrific year.
Thomas M. Prescott: I think we -- we're still putting it together. We typically are almost 1/4 trailing to really put all of our, I call it, external third-party and our own work together. But I think in general, with the -- there was a little more pronounced slowdown than we expected in December. And I think in general, the market was okay for orthodontics for -- in our mind, okay for North America. I think that it was spottier in Europe. In some markets, it was good. In others, it was not good. And in Asia, it's very spotty depending on which country you're talking about. But there are countries like Japan which are growing again and China which are growing rapidly for orthodontics. So in general, I don't think orthodontics is an easy market. It's certainly better than some other parts of dentistry. And for us, we've got this headroom I spoke about, and we see room for growth in every direction we look. That isn't necessarily the story for every player. But I think in general, patient traffic has been stable, offices have been okay. Our customers are very motivated: "We'd be back in the office right now," is what they're telling us.
Thomas M. Prescott: I think the first place start -- we start with all of our new evolutions. We -- a really important part of our business is with the specialists, the orthodontist. That's both true in North America, where we have a very significant GP sort of customers. And it -- and then if you get outside the U.S., most orthodontics is treated by orthodontic specialists. So G5 will immediately, in North America and Europe, legitimately give us access to up to half of the flow of incoming patients, both teens and adults. They may present -- they likely present with more malocclusion diagnosis than just deep bite, but deep bite is often an important part of that treatment. So where they -- we're a strong advocate of Invisalign and may have been comfortable using Invisalign to treat a deep bite. It was sometimes challenging to create those set of movements. With the features we've got, with the ability to both extrude and intrude at the same time in a predictable way, we get the opportunity to, with all the other things they've got to do, maybe treat a cross bite to do all that in, I say, a predictable way. So deep bite will help us for adults and teens. It'll help us with the specialists for sure around the world. And then ultimately, there's a fair number of GPs that use fixed appliances as well and treat orthodontics as well as other dental specialties. So I think as doctors get to try deep bite and to see it is a kit, it's a whole solution, they're going to find it's just a lot easier to use it. And over time, again office by office, we're going to earn the opportunity to get that next case switched from brackets to Invisalign. And it just takes time. As I said, it's office by office.
David L. White: Jon, this is David. I'll see if I can field that. So it actually depends upon exactly when a doctor approves a ClinCheck treatment plan. If that happens early enough in the month of December, then we typically can turn that shipment around and we'll take revenue for it in the quarter. To the extent it happens late in the quarter, it may be difficult for us to turn that around and actually deliver it to the doctor by that time period. The impact that has potentially in terms of a weak December has on our business is obviously we see some revenue fall-off possibly in December, but it also means a slower amount of, you might call it, backlog of cases that we're starting January with. And so that, coupled with the fact that January started off a little bit slow as well, those 2 kind of inform, you might say, our guidance as to why we're guiding where we are for Q1.
David L. White: So just continuing on. So if you look at our gross margins, they're influenced by a number of things. Certainly, manufacturing costs would be one. The cost of fulfilling a case for a U.S. patient versus the cost of fulfilling a case for a European patient is not significantly different, although their cases tend to be a little bit more complex. So where you see it primarily is in the -- in ASP. If you look at our pricing in Europe and so forth, it's typically higher than what we experienced in terms of how we price here in the U.S. And most of the business that they do there is through orthodontics offices. So they -- so the -- so as our mix of international business continues to increase, it has the effect of lifting up our gross margins. It also has the effect of increasing our ASPs. And so that's what we've kind of experienced over the last year, and that's what we continue to expect over the years ahead. If you look at, for example, at the amount of international business we did last year versus 2013, it's gone up about 5 points out of our total mix year-over-year. And so we think that's going to continue -- Europe and Asia Pac continue to be our high-growth areas. And as they grow, we expect to see better gross margins, we expect to see better ASP lift.
David L. White: So Chris, I'll see if I can expand on what I just stated for Jon's question. Our -- if you look at quarter-over-quarter, our international business was up very nicely, whereas North America was not so. And as I indicated in the prior question, our ASPs in Europe and international and Asia Pac region are -- or tend to be higher, more than 10% higher than what our pricing here is in the U.S. And so as their business continues to grow and outpace, you might say, the growth we're -- we continue to see in North America, they become a larger piece of our total overall mix. And as that mix increases, that -- we tend to get ASP uplift from that. And we would expect that to continue as long as they continue to grow at rates faster than what we see in North America.
David L. White: You bet, Chris. So first of all, I think you have to look at Q4, and you have to recognize that there are a couple of nonrecurring items in there, both of which I spoke to a few minutes ago in our pre-rehearsed script. One of those is the fact we had about $2.5 million of onetime items in our cost of sales that we don't expect to recur. They contributed about 1.5 points of gross margin in the quarter. We also had about $2.5 million of stock-based compensation that reversed. So there's a $5 million part of the bridge, you might say, from Q4 to, let's say, midpoint of our Q1 guidance. The rest of it is primarily in operating expenses, and it comes from the standpoint that, as I mentioned, our entire company runs on what we call a focal process review, where employees' compensation plans, and that includes stock awards and so forth, are reviewed annually in the first quarter and are granted in the first quarter. And so our operating expenses are going to be up. Roughly, if you take out the nonrecurring SBC, I think everything else is up about $10 million. Merit increases are going to be something on the order of about -- well, merit increases, something on the order of about $3.5 million or so. We have new grants of stock awards. That's like another couple of million dollars. We have payroll taxes. That's like another million dollars. We have a number of investments that we're making in both consumer marketing as well as market expansion, particularly internationally, and that pretty much makes up the balance. And so that's what kind of informs the guidance we gave for Q1. When you look at that going forward, I think the best thing I can point you to is the comments I made as it relates to our business model and how we see 2014 shaping up against that. We think that we delivered great results in 2013. We'd be very proud to put up the same numbers in 2014. And that's kind of where we're seeing things at, at this point.
David L. White: Well, Steve, I don't think I can quantify how much of those are new users, you might say, or new doctors. Our growth has been attributable to existing doctors as well as bringing new doctors online and nurturing those doctors through their training and bringing them up down the learning curve to incorporate the product into their practice. Clearly, we're seeing greater growth in Asia Pac than what we're seeing in Europe or North America. We -- if you look at the growth rates in both of those 2 countries on a case-volume basis, they're far outstripping what we see elsewhere in the world. We're making -- we're continuing to make investments in them over the course of 2014, and we expect them to continue growing at the rates that we've seen historically. I'm not sure I can break it down really for you much really finer than that. Hopefully, that suffices.
David L. White: So Nathan, I'll see if I can add a little bit to what I said previously. If you look at our Express product, which is primarily designed and targeted at adults and others who have minor malocclusion needs, treatment needs, we have historically taken the position, the belief, that, that market is perhaps the most untapped market for us because the untreated adult population is so large. It is -- and if you look at our performance over the last year, that product has done very well from a revenue standpoint. Well, from a volume standpoint, it's up over 20 points year-over-year. It's consistent with the rest of the company, actually a little bit outgrowing the pace of the company. And actually, as you look at our total product mix, it's actually picked up 2 points in total product mix across the company. And so as that continues, one would think that our ASPs would trend down -- downward as that product becomes a larger component of our total product portfolio. On the other side of that equation, however, though, is that our international business is growing at an even faster rate. And as I've mentioned a few minutes ago, it picked up 5 points of mix out of our total business. And as a result, that tends to be, at least at the present time, tends to be overweighting the downward ASP trend you might see as a result of the simpler cases. And so as long as our international business continues to grow at the rates that we're seeing and at multiples or percentages greater than what we're seeing the adult segment, then our ASPs are going to -- it's going to mitigate, you might say that, that downward trend.
David L. White: Well, the Asia Pac impact certainly, you might say, helped to some extent on the revenue growth that we saw year-over-year because that revenue got converted from distribution pricing to our normal pricing to doctors. But if you -- but perhaps the best proxy for how that growth is doing in Asia Pac is just simply looking at the case volume growth. And that case volume growth has been north of 20 points, which is faster than what -- certainly faster than what we're seeing in the North America and Europe base. In fact, I -- it's been a lot more than 20 points. So that is one piece of it right there. As it relates to the non-case revenue, I think that's primarily -- would really, for the most part, follow the trend line for the company and shouldn't -- I don't think there's anything fundamental that would cause the non-case revenues to grow at rates different than the rest of the company.
