Joe Hogan: Hi, Robert. First of all, your assessment is correct in a sense we're looking at a pretty big outlook in the second quarter versus the first half. There is positive momentum we talked about in the case growth side you could see that, you could see international is very strong. You could see that the ortho side in the United States has been strong too. As far as the clarity of it, it's based -- on that momentum some historical presence that we have. And also relying on the investments we've made particularly in North American market internationally for increased resources to help you drive that.
Joe Hogan: Jon good question. I went to Israel in the first couple of weeks I was here to check out the scanner and then up to Amsterdam to really visit some customers and to do some reviews for the team. And I would say, it's funny how Europe is, since individual countries as you know, with different economies and there is different drivers in those industries. And what Ralph and the team have done, they have done a terrific job of being able to figure out in which one of those countries certain formulas actually work for penetration. And even in countries as pressured as Spain which is a great example that drove an incredible amount of penetration in a relatively short amount of time. By actually concentrating resources in a certain ways on those customers to bring them up the speed quickly to make them effective and they can confident in a sense of – we can move teeth and we can move in predictably. And it also creates a – that success creates others wanting to have that success too. In the U.K. on the other hand it hasn't the fairly been an orthodontic push as much as GP. And it's a different formula to go after GP in the U.K also. So Jon just in the time that we have here, I would say we have learned a lot there, Raphael and the team have applied it well. And there is some things honestly we can translate back in North America that can help our records here as we target a different market segments.
Joe Hogan: Jon let me start off. Then I will turn it over to David because David has more experience than in this two. I think as you get into the business and you look at this again, the customer calls and stuff I have made just initially, you hear about this additional aligner thing, it's incredible [year to our] [ph] customer base. And it's a lot of reason but it creates uncertainty. And I think we are working with doctors; doctors want more certainty and patients want more certainty. And we feel like this – gives them that kind of control, or feeling what that certainty is. And so I think this is much subjective as it is objective. It's something it's been around a long time. And as I talk to the Align personnel too – many of them say we should have done this years' ago because we know what the issue is and really haven't addressed it. It wasn't till MPS correcting came in. And we could really weigh what that's meant to our business. But, I think it gave us the determination to take the next steps and to make change. David --
Joe Hogan: And Jon, I had one more thing on the price question too is, we put a lot of technology in the market over the last few years and we think about G4, G5 and now G6, we need a certain amount of payback for that investment also and so there is kind of price increases reporting value in a market place and to emphasize what David said we look at, we're creating value for customers and we feel that we should paid for that also and that's part of the thought process in the price increase.
Joe Hogan: John, I think its right inline with what I think the statistics you see in dental market right now. Most of the people out there are experiencing growth year-over-year and it looks like it's this year looks very strong, the strongest year they've had. So overall, I mean there is difference between the primary care side and the ortho side, but both of them are reporting, it's really a pretty good business environment now is mostly [indiscernible] is going through. As far as what customers are thinking and talking about also from an Align standpoint and how we interface with them is its -- often when you talk to them I am asking a lot of the detailed questions about customers and how the technology works and what's happened over the years. And you see a lot of enthusiasm for the product. I think not being here three or four years ago, I think there is a lot of skepticism in the marketplace if we can move teeth predictably and then finish case as well. You see many of the doctors I talked to, in fact, all of them, none of them doubt that we can do the things we're doing they get excited about new products like G5 and G6 and the complexity cases that David talked about too. So overall, these have been good conversations outside of some areas of that we need to address like we just have from a customer engagement standpoint and customer satisfaction standpoint, but in that a pretty good marketplace and a lot of people feeling good about Align and our technology.
Joe Hogan: I'll just answer your last question first, these are the biggest moves I plan to make any time, I can see, I think these are the ones that kind of obvious in the sense that we have to address. From a competition standpoint is, there is not a competitor out there strong enough right now that really force our hand on the additional aligners play. I mean just like the fact is, there is a lot of different dimensions we compete with them both in the United States and internationally that didn't force our hand. Really it's a relationship with our customers, that's what we felt was the right thing to do to address that. It's not saying that five or six years down the road there might have been a different situation, but that wasn't a drive of our decision. As far as competition goes over all, our competition right now is in the lower end of the segment as you know its in the E5, E10 those kinds of easy cases that are out there. It's not forcing us to make any real competitive moves in the sense of addressing that right now in the marketplace but we -- we're very aware of it, we see it overseas as well in the United States, we know over the next couple of years that will increase, but that's not a specific part of our portfolio, it's the easier part of the portfolio, it's not in the G3, G4, G5 and obviously G6 areas, it's smaller movement of teeth. I think the last thing I mentioned is that kind of fell apart or wasn't accentuated a lot in our announcement was the lower arch that we just came out with and we positioned out with the E5 form a pricing stand point too. This is something customers have asked for years if they just -- want to buy aligner for that particular arch. It's very practical in the sense of what they've asked for and we hadn't responded to it and this is something we think will help our customers and will help our future competitiveness also.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jeff, first of all, when you look at those product line and all we had to reposition the Express 5 pricing to really -- to allow the single arch to have that price point and then we moved up our E5 price and David you give the specifics of what those numbers were.
Joe Hogan: Look, I think from an R&D standpoint there is a lot to do here because there is still a huge amount of penetration we can do especially as we go up the curve in the sense of both on the aligner itself but also the technology we call the digital ecosystem behind that. So look, I like the way it's placed in the sense of the efficiency of it between Russia and United States what we have in Israel on the scanner side. So right now, I feel good about where we are, we put significant number of resources into R&D and technology over the last couple of years, they look like they've been well placed. I talk about going out and seeing customers but [Joe Cole] [ph] who runs our technology organization has spent significant amount of time with -- he and his people here recently too. And really I'm impressed of what we have here. But this is a technology organization this is some -- we have to put money in technology into these products to continue to advance the science. And given the level of penetration and what we've seen as a result of that investment, I think it's a good thing to do.
Joe Hogan: Most of that Glen is related to the – is related to the additional aligners in fact the vast majority of it is. You can compute back into our ASPs probably half of our guidance.
Joe Hogan: Substantially all of this is additional aligners. There is we talked really about a price increase that we implemented – we implemented that effective April 1 in North America. We didn't – we won't see the full effective of that price increase for North America anyway until Q3. We implemented the price increase of €50 in international and that came into effect on July 1. And we will probably going to see a partial impact of that in Q3 is just we work off all cases and so forth that we submitted the old price. And those – and so you got that price uplift there and we got some promotions like we are running on – continue to run on the E5 and so forth and go from there. But not from a quarter-over-quarter standpoint Q2 to Q3 FX is pretty much not in the picture it's really – it's really the change in policy with some plus having the price increase and then some additional promotions.
Joe Hogan: And determining exactly you know what it means we are still in the beginning phases I would say, we might have been a little bit early and mentioning that to you. And as far as we are working through that in subsequent quarterly reports we will bring up the date.
David White: Well, see if I can answer a couple of ways here. When we looked and pulled customers as to their Invisalign experience and how we can improve upon that experience this particular policy change has been the number one item they've asked for. When we look at those customers who are promoters and we compare their growth rates against detractors, we know that whenever we can move a customer who is a detractor or even a passive into a position where they are a promoter, we see significant up tick in volumes as a result. So the policy change is related to that and trying to see if we can capture additional opportunities to prove they're growing the company. And the unfortunate consequence of it is that it requires us to change our deferral and the estimates that we use for deferrals. And so when we look, when we kind of measure our results going forward the year-over-year comparisons are going to be a little tough to make year-over-year until that kind of normalizes out and that will take -- that will take at least one year for the year-over-year comps to normalize out and then probably a couple of years before all those grandfathered cases work them out and when we actually get back to a more normalized operating model.
David White: Yes. Steve, I think as we look at – we look at our first quarter performance and we look at our second quarter performance and we measure that against historical patterns here in the company, second quarter and particular we began to see a significant divergence between year-over-year case volume growth and what we have experienced historically when we look at Q2 over Q2 and 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, we are seeing a gap widening there. And that gap is partly what is giving us confidence that we are going to see a stronger second half. So that's the analytical side of it. And it's clearly more behind that. But, at the highest level that's probably the analytical side of it. But on the other piece of it, which is more qualitative is the fact that we have been doing this for a long time in terms of making investments in our go to market coverage, geographies we are expanding into and so forth. And what we know is that when we invest in directly and go to market, we see a response. And we made the largest step up in investment, I think in the history of the company starting in January and particularly targeted North America. But not discriminating against the international side of it as well. And we are seeing a response to that. And so we are trying to invest into it and keep the growth of the company moving forward and testing just how we continue to grow the markets and invest and what works and what doesn't. We try different promotions. And all these things play together collectively to tell us that we are seeing some traction. On the Sirona question, while we qualified the scanner, their software updates are still going through testing at this point in time and final qualification. It's supposed to be released later this year, I don't know what the specific date is. You might have to find something on their Web site in that regard from them. But, it's moving forward, but when you look at the up lift, I think we talked about this perhaps in another analyst meeting or earnings call, is the fact when you looked at where most of their install base is particularly on the scanner that we are qualifying most of it is overseas, a lot of it is in GP practice, most of our effort internationally is on the ortho side. So what we think is important and why we think it will play to our strategy of continuing to become more relevant the GP practice, we don't see it creating an immediate type of uplift in our business. And we think it's going to be longer journey before we will actually see a blip in the radar on it.
David White: I just had one comment to your question about why now? What's – it is a decision that we made but obviously but it isn't one that we made over night or made recently. The actual mechanisms and so forth put into motion on this actually started on it few years ago. And as you can imagine, there is a fair amount of infrastructure in the company, it may sound like a simple change. But, there are a number of nuances associated with it that it required IT development efforts and so forth and other changes that have taken us some while to build, to test and to launch. And so it isn't a decision that's been made over night, it's been working for long time. As it relates to the things that customers are trying to avoid and you mentioned about the price increase and so forth we've had a practice of raising prices modestly every couple of years and typically North America and international have been kind of a little bit out of sync on that because we weren't doing necessarily at the same time. But we felt that we were creating value here for the doctors and their patients that you help substantiate the timing for the price increase as well which is roughly two years since our last price increases. And in terms of things we're trying to avoid you hear -- George comments you hear comments from doctors about they have a patient that has gone off to school -- in the middle of treatment and they get behind and they come back at Thanksgiving and doctors start -- use to start worrying on the policy about that them coming to the end of the runway when they wouldn't -- and then they have to start paying for it and so that put urgencies on their part and so lots of things -- lots of different kinds of personal circumstances could come up in the lives of the patients that our policy didn't particularly respond very well to. And the interesting thing about it is the way the doctors treat their patients they quote the patient a price at the beginning of the treatment and their expectation and then the patient's expectation is that's the price and if it take a -- when you look at wires and brackets if it winds up taking a little bit longer to treat, well, it's still one price and yet in our case it will not have taken a little bit longer to treat they ran into the risk that the cost of the doctor would potentially go up and so this just tends to align our -- as Joe commented in his prepared remarks, it just aligns our business practice to the way our doctors practice with the patient.
David White: Well we don't typically disclose what percentage of cases require refinements. It is varied when you actually kind of dig down into it it's varied by geography. We see more case refinements and so forth internationally what we do domestically. Some of that is driven by the fact that they are treating more complex cases in some of those geographies. And particularly when we get to APAC we see that. And so as we've looked at the incidence you might say of refinement and so forth, our trend has been -- it has been going up over time and it seems to correlate very closely with the degree and complexity of the cases that we're beginning to treat. And so those are the kind of the trend lines and this policy will just simply make it easier for the doctors to do that without creating additional friction for doing what's right for the patients.
David White: Yes. So Jeff, we haven't -- I don't think we've formally announced it but have we, okay -- I have been told, yes.
David White: You're right I remember there was an announcement, I know there was -- the promotion that we ran in Q2 actually started in -- towards the end of Q1 and it ran till June 30. Then we had about a three week period before we launch and announce the single arch product and when we announced the single arch product with that we announced a new promotion for E5, one for dual arch and one for single arch. The pricing on the dual arch E5 is higher, the discount is – they are saying differently, the discount is not as large what was in Q2, but yet we're also offering a nice discount on the single arch as well so that when you actually look at those two together we think it will attract the -- we think it will attract adoption for those patients at a nice price point it only needs one arch treated and we think it will still preserve a good demand for those that need dual arch. But the pricing has gone up a little bit from where it was in Q2.
David White: I think Glen your comment about the change it will take probably a couple of years for that to work its way out. So we are going to have that a little bit of a drag on operating margins for that time period. But, once I think that kind of settles out and so forth like Joe said. We expect to be driving the business towards that long-term model. We have hit that long-term model before. We did in 2014. And we are committed to doing it prospectively going forward. And I will just add – I will just add one other thing, as you think about 2016, you realize when we gave our guidance for this year and actually even the comments I made in my remarks today, ERP is a drag on margins of a little over a point right now. And that should fall off mid-year next year. And so there is at least that piece of it, it should get better.
