Joseph Hogan: Good question, you're right we did see some mix benefits with some volume that came through Asia, so that helps up from overall stand point we saw some FX favorability that came in this quarter. As you noted we have price increases that is in our numbers as well, partially offset by some discounting, so netted altogether we feel that for fourth quarter, flat to slightly down in Q3. 
Joseph Hogan: About two questions, we don’t have any real statistics to tell you, how many people going doc locator and but we could tell you, from our consumer capture efforts and we talked about this concierge service, this is one of the big items that consumers have to deal with, often orthodontists also ask for a large down payment upfront too that even if a customer can avoid credit, it's still a pretty hit from a cash standpoint upfront.  We think this will be a good factor for us and helping to bring more consumers into Invisalign but we don’t have any statistics right now to tell you exactly what that might be, I would say just stay with us and as we go through this we will able to give you more and more specific on it. 
Joseph Hogan: Steve, so on the marketing spend, I would just way we just continue to do what we can in a sense of driving volume. There is no formulating methodology we have here, we mean obviously we focused on teens in a big way. In North America to get a look that we had. That spend also has been I think really refined in the sense of how much of social media, how much goes to some other segment how much go to the team that have done, so I feel there is the lot of accuracy and sophistication in a sense of how we go about it.  But we do know that we had a pretty big signal in the sense of being able to spend more of in that channel and see an increase in orders and we will keep spending where we can. I think a broader question in that and I believe then your second one is how we do this oversees too. North America a lot of our marketing dollars, our teams were focused in the third quarter in the second quarter also. But we look at translating what we are learning here in the United States oversees and we've had a pretty good response from a teen standpoint in China also and now we have some restrictions in the sense of how you can advertise in certain geographies and we have to be compliant in that sense but we will be smart in the sense of how we use as advertising dollars.  From an Asia runway standpoint, I mean we talk about going wide in the business you saw we train another 1,000 docs overall in China for the quarter. There is a direct correlation in the sense of being able to train those docs and we see the increase in orders going forward.  Remember our penetration rates in places like in China are still relatively thin when you think about the available population. Also, India, we are really just getting started in Korea and Taiwan. In Australia we saw terrific growth there too and that's a market that we've have had fairly good penetration rates and over the years and so there is different formulas we have to use for different geographies in the sense of adding sales people, adding docs, like in Australia it's a different deal in the sense of it is more like North America where it's advertising a specificity where you spend from a sales standpoint that helps in that way. But I know I'm not helping you a lot Steven in the sense of being able to model that, but tell you that we obviously watch as closely, we want to invest in the sense of where we get the biggest return and we do watch that part also.
Joseph Hogan: On mandibular advancement we expect to hear back from the FDA in December sometime and that's all we know. It's like that when you do that, you submit your data and then basically the FDA kind of goes behind closed doors and kind of works through it but we feel we have submitted good data and we will just wait and see what happens in December. And now from an iGo standpoint remember we keep better rating on iGo and in different parts and different geographies in the sense of the product itself and how that interacts with the doc and the patient and we've had -- we continue to do well with that product line but you'll see more data on that on iGo and as iGo success as we get into -- as we report the fourth quarter next year we have more specificity on that.
Joseph Hogan: Obviously when you start to grow at this rate above what we've predicted, we've been able to stay ahead from the manufacturing standpoint we always go to certain amount of buffer capacity so we cover things like this. Initially we had a little bit of trouble in the sense of clean check and our people did actually do the clean check pieces but we experienced that back actually in January or so we adjusted to give us extra capacity for the year or so.  Right now, we're in good shape, it's a good thing about this business in the sense we can adjust capacity pretty quickly within a certain number of weeks and months when we have this kind of things, but we're trying to anticipate and lay resources ahead of these things, so we don’t get into a situation where we can't handle demand. 
Joseph Hogan: I wouldn’t call the storms material at all, I probably wouldn’t even consider that in your accusation. And right now, we kind of talk about this, we anticipate there will 2018 questions but we have good momentum now you can see us going into fourth quarter. And I think John has given you some really strong indications of where the fourth quarter is going to be and so we try to be as specific as we could to help in that sense but we are really not ready to get into conjecture on 2018 at this point. 
Joseph Hogan: I would say right now that I won't call any extra volume right now John associated with those, in fact we discussed that from -- we were in Germany, just last week to take a look at our [indiscernible] facility we opened up in Cologne there and honestly, it's just starting to ramp up, the initial indications, like just like in China these are really good, they interface well with customers, the teams there are very excited in sense of what they can do. Just getting closer to those customers and being in that geography from a cultural and timeframe standpoint is really critical, so that really hasn’t impacted volume yet, but we will give a report as we get into next year and this becomes a little more mature. I mean we obviously put that in there because we think, mid -term longer term, this is going to a volume driver for us. 
Joseph Hogan: You remember last year Tim we were shipping a lot from backlog on the volume piece. What you are seeing this year is a pure demand signal there is nothing really coming out of backlog. So, I think if you are talking about that discrepancy that's the one I'd other point out.  On your broader question on the volume of the business I think it's important for you to understand that when we talk about sales last year of iTero, its broadly an North American business. What we're seeing now we're seeing an increase uptick in Europe, we just approved in Japan, we had significant semantic shipments in Japan in the third quarter also and we'll move into Asia broadly into more next year. I say the business is just getting broader internationally and that adds to the volume also.  But in the United States I hear in your comments that I think you understand that we've have a really good amount of orthodontic penetration with iTero, and more and more of our sales are moving into GPs and so that's one of the reasons we put together the Patterson dental distribution agreement because of their strong position with GPs and help us through so we have some work to do on restore the workflow in areas like that to be more viable in that channel but we've got a really good pickup and we are enthusiastic about the future in North American channel for GPs too.
Joseph Hogan: Continual adoption, training and utilization just as you described it Kevin. I wish I could make it sound harder and more sophisticated but it's about getting resources in place and moving it through. Now you know we just put up a treatment planning facility in China and that's really, they are ramping up well we are getting good customers feedback and so you know we will continue to do more and more resources to enhance that position in China in the future.
Joseph Hogan: You mean like a Scarano system. [indiscernible] But Scarano they are capable of doing a scan and sending it into us and you can bypass them and an impress them with a Scarano Scanner. You can't necessarily get stimulation and lot of visualization and things that we offer on the iTero side. Does that answer -- and then you talk about did you, you talk about capacity on iTero or…
Joseph Hogan: I mean, our relationship with SmileDirectClub is good, we value, I think we’re very synergistic in the sense of how we work with one another, remember those are SmileDirect customers, we don’t see them, we don’t really experience them we just do what SmileDirectClub asks us to do it.  Obviously, part of your question is a lot of consternation in the orthodontic channel, about doctor directed and kind of systems that will be more of a digital dentistry, remote kinds of things where it's not involved in the doctor's office. Again, that’s not us, we’re not part of that, SmileDirectClub really controls that and holds it, so.  I mean there is market for this, SmileDirectClub continues to do a great job in market and grow pretty substantially but it would be stupid to ignore that there is certain amount of consternation in the market place and a pushback but, I think SGC continues to do a great job out there. 
Joseph Hogan: With the GP segment in general I would say no, honestly, I would say I go helping us understand that more and I can tell you the GP segment in the U.S. is certainly different in the segment in Germany than it is in Japan, than it is in China and so each one of these countries kind of has a different solution that we have to work through whether its workflow or what preferences re whatever so. I will not say we are in an inflection point in all the GPs I would say we have a lot of growth. Teen growth for GPs not where they are focus, and so a lot of GPs only touch a teen, they are worried about working teen so that's not a -- and when we talk about teens we are really talking about all ortho channel utilization in the end.
Joseph Hogan: I'll answer your last question first, you live with the volatility going forward Jeff okay. We don’t control SmileDirectClub's decision making process. I'm not quite sure exactly why we receive that much more of SDCs volume but I don’t count on that going forward and that's basically John's comments where in his opening remark. So, I wish I could more specific about it Jeff but I can't and it's just…
Joseph Hogan: Well, they continue to grow but I say it's a combination of both but it's not driven discreetly by volume I would say. 
Joseph Hogan: I think again I have to move outside of North America in general, the biggest uptick in segments for fusion has been outside of North America, and it's been really received extremely well. In North America right now, we're really just getting cracked up on the fusion piece and we'll have more for you in the fourth quarter results, Jeff.
