David L. White: So, Bob. This is David. I'll see if I can field that for you. They were marketing expenses as we talked about, as I mentioned in the script. They were, however, though related to things that had a longer-term aspect to them. So, they weren't near-term types of items that would necessarily be driving current year case growth. They had more to do with portfolio types of planning and studies and things like that. So, no impact to the year.
David L. White: So, I don't think there is any intended change in the program that we announced a couple years ago, Steve. We announced $300 million, we anticipated to repurchase $100 million a year. In the first two years of that program, we repurchased $70 million of the $100 million in each case, using an ASR and then we repurchased the remaining $30 million in open-market transactions over the balance of the year. And this year, pretty much the same thing except for changing it to a 50-50 split. No other change other than that.
David L. White: So, the portion that was delayed into Q2 is in our guidance. Portion that was delayed into the second half is about $2 million or so, roughly.
David L. White: Yeah. Brandon. So, when we ended 2015, we had more than six months of backlog on the iTero scanner and that number still holds true today. Notwithstanding the fact that, our revenues in that business were up significantly in Q1 and we're almost doubling the business. In the January call, we talked about our expectations that business perhaps doubling this year and I think that might have – given where we are today with some production capacity constraints and so forth, that might have been a little bit more optimistic by maybe 10% or so. And we hope to work through those constraints and work down the backlog as we continue to ship product throughout the balance of the year.
David L. White: So, good question. As we looked at it, if you look at the single arch and you look at even the pricing actions we took a year-ago in Q2, where we lowered the pricing on both the E5 and the E10; we changed the staff discount program, and so forth. As we look at it now, we're seeing great traction on those products; I mean they're growing well and – much faster than what the rest of our business is on a volume basis, maybe not the same way on a revenue side. But, certainly on a volume basis, they're growing at a rate faster than what our full products are. And when you look at it on a quarter-over-quarter basis, or I should say a year-over-year basis, it's probably about three points of growth when you compare it year-over-year.
David L. White: Okay. Yeah, Chris, when we look at the impact of Additional Aligners, we look at it over many years. We see increasing usages of Additional Aligners over time. And primarily, that's the result of a number of factors: the fact that we're treating more complex cases, the fact that our mix is shifting a little bit from the standpoint that International is growing faster than what North America is, since they treat typically more complex cases than what we do here in North America; that's kind of shifting some of that. But when we look at all those usage rates, we don't see any particular aberration in those rates that we can specifically attribute to the change in the policy. What we know is that, when we talk to doctors they love it. They are appreciative of the fact that it's easier for them to practice with us; they don't have to be constantly thinking in the back of their mind, if I submit in a – and a request for Additional Aligners, am I going to pay for this one or not. So, when we look at the data, we don't actually see anything that shows an aberration, since all pretty much qualitative, and we know that it's one of the factors that we believe is driving the record ortho utilization we're seeing right now. Utilization last quarter – Q1 was 10.4 cases and it's one piece of the whole puzzle, I think.
David L. White: So, I think, the net of it all is that our revenue guidance is roughly intact. We'll make it up elsewhere either through pricing or through other things that were built into that plan.
David L. White: No, we didn't. And we're not quite privy to that information either. So, I mean obviously, it's a successful scanner, but there is not an installed base number that's been shared with us.
David L. White: When you always do these compares, it's always against what you're comparing to. When you're comparing quarter-over-quarter, FX and Additional Aligner is not a big impact on Q2; it was a little bit of a drag, but 20 bps or so. When you look at it year-over-year, you see a bigger impact and like we said about almost three point, most of that Additional Aligner, about $8 million of that is Additional Aligner and like another $2.5 million or so roughly of FX.
Joseph M. Hogan: It's Joe, Bob. And I'd say, you know the – what we expect is to continue with the growth rates, we've seen you know in the – from an international standpoint, but I don't see a change there. In a sense of – you know overall in that business, it's pretty much what we've been telling you, there's not a lot of dilution in the sense of what we do internationally, in the sense of the resources that we put it in a year; and the return, we're getting on those resources through so, think about that return in the aspect of a one-year kind of return on international commercial kinds of resources.
Joseph M. Hogan: I haven't seen any change at all from what we experienced in 2015, as we go into 2016 and nothing recently either in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: I'll be cautious, I haven't gone through a cycle in this business yet, John. So, I'll just be cautious on what I'd say here. See, if I look at the economic data and backup a little bit, a lot of that economic data has to do with inventory and production right now. And I don't think it's in a consumer sense, something that's definitive yet. So, what I'm seeing right now, I want to try and communicate to you is, the market fields now is the market has for the last really 10 months since I've been here. If this thing hits the consumer and there is a significant consumer effect, I think, it'd be naïve of us to say that we think we'll just power through that with the same kind of growth rates we have today, but I think we just got to take that a quarter, but a quarter of time right now.
Joseph M. Hogan: No big change in the cadence of new product introduction. I can't give you any kind of a look under the covers right now, in the sense of – you know what we might do at the AAO, John or not do at the AAO. But, look R&D is incredibly important to us, you know we're focused on now inclusions in the sense of making this a deeper and deeper penetration against wires and brackets. We're really excited about that future portfolio and what we can do, but not ready to announce anything big coming up on the AAO right now.
Joseph M. Hogan: Brandon that really hasn't changed. I think we try to communicate to the market as much as possible, as that we think that these open-source way is the way to go to make sure that you know – ability to no matter what's game you're on, if you have the kind of accuracy and capability that you can submit in this line kind of order. I'm frankly not surprised of what we see, I think when you look at Sirona, they've been cautious in the sense of how they bring people on and make sure of the accuracy and – which is really good in the sense of how they can interface with us. And so, right now, it's really no change in the sense of, I think what we anticipated prior to Sirona coming on and what we're seeing right now. But again, we feel good about that open-source commitment, and we feel good from a North America standpoint, in particular, to see the rates of digitized impressions coming in. It's good for our business, it's actually good for customers, because of the sensation, because of the accuracy of it, and how much faster we can actually turn things around.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think, it's not a binary instrument on this whole thing, I think the stratification was helpful, when you define that stratification is, we're focused on our really high-end orthos, what we call our SAM (31:38) accounts and then how we've – allow our territory managers to go across orthodontics and also GP. It's been an efficient alignment, but we've also put a significant number of more resources into the field also, and so there is a multiplier there in a sense that the customers were touching and how we're spreading the workforce. So, I think those two main variables, it's hard to pull part how much each was effective, but we know that both of them have been effective in the sense of allowing us more customer time and placing reps in front of high user kind of accounts that really need different types of things than some of the newer users or smaller users, too.
Joseph M. Hogan: Chris, again it's not subjectivity to my comment here, but I think, if you look at the history, particularly in North America, we had a history here of years of people thinking we really – orthodontics is not thinking we can do with teen. As we go overseas, I don't think we're burdened with that mythology as much as – because obviously we changed the type of malocclusions we could do; we moved into teens pretty well. We've changed our portfolio to address that, and just think there is less inertia to overcome overseas than maybe what we've had in North America over the years is my guess. And obviously what we're going to have to do is double back in North America and push a lot harder in the sense of our capability in that area now to overcome, I think, some history that's existed there.
Joseph M. Hogan: Jon, I think you know the answer of that question, you know that. But I think honestly, one part of the practical side of me, Jon, is that our teen utilization rate in the 20% to 25% range depending on how you look at it, is really insufficient, given the market is 75% teens. And so, regardless of how young, you want to move back into the teen segment, we have plenty of opportunity when you look at complete dentition above 13 years old. So, we should be able to get out regardless of that kind of an approach. But I mean, obviously our R&D is focused on how we can go back and look at what I call morphology changes rather than just moving piece is actually moving things in. Obviously, we have some clinical trials in the marketplace in that area to see how well our appliances can fit in that particular area and we're optimistic about it.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Jon. We're obviously looking at that. Our penetration rates are being furthered right now. You got to look at ortho, definitely we do GPs in that sense, but we really don't have anything definitive to share with you yet, that would say, you buy a scanner, you automatically do more Invisalign. We're not ready to say that.
Joseph M. Hogan: So, Robby (40:47), on the doctors trained, when you look at those statistics, you'll notice that typically we train more doctors internationally than what we do in North America. And when you break it down and you look in North America, it's primarily GPs. I mean, there are reengagement of orthos and so forth, but the predominant mix is on the GP side. And in terms of the seasonality of that, we typically have a couple periods during the year, where that is higher, Q2 and Q4 are typically the periods during the year that we offer more training, and we try to get more enrollment during those time periods. On the international side, I think it fluctuate less on a quarter-to-quarter basis and it probably geared more by our capacity that take on doctors and feel like we've got enough clinical health and so forth, to get them watched and start off their Invisalign practice. And I don't think we see as much seasonality in terms of how we plan out the international doctor side of it. And then the second question was on scanning.
Joseph M. Hogan: Jeff, it's a good question. I'd tell you again, it's a great answer, because I think we don't see this definitively. But I would say, I just look at kind of a constant force from a market standpoint over the last 12 months. And then overall, I think it's really the people we put into field and it's obviously I think some of our inventions like D5, D6. And then frankly, when you think about E5, E10 and some of our pricing dynamics on that too, all these things I think have really helped from a penetration standpoint with those guys. So, I wouldn't necessarily attribute it to a market uptick. I think, the market is in very consistent. I think, our resource allocation and focuses, I think, it really help in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. If currency stays flat, the only "headwind" you might say we have that we keep calling out is Additional Aligner. An Additional Aligner – our discussion about Additional Aligner and its impact, kind of swan songs in Q2, because once we get to Q3, our comparatives will have the full impact in both ways.
