John Morici: Yes. Hi, Nate. This is John. As we said, the extended seasonality continued into September and October. And then some of the COVID uncertainty still remains. And some places more back to normal than others, and -- but that uncertainty remains. Taking all that together, our forecast reflects that. So the total year -- the remaining for total year reflects everything that we've seen to this date.
John Morici: Yeah, Jon. I think when you look at prior years with COVID not in the mix, things were maybe more seasonal. And you could see some of the standard patterns from let's say a Q3 to Q4, given COVID and given some of the uncertainties that you have. And certain economies and how they are responding and opening up, Things don't always apply to mainly what's happened in the past. So that guidance that we gave is a reflection of what we've seen.
John Morici: Yes, Jason, this is John. We've seen some improvements in utilization and it's a reflection of kind of coming out of that seasonality piece of what we've talked about and kind of navigating through COVID. But we've been happy with the utilization that we've seen as of late.
John Morici: Hi, Elizabeth. This is John. I can take that. I think when you look at our overall gross margin, broadly impacted as we've talked about. Additional liners, as we now have ramped up and we've seen those cases from the last several quarters as doctors make refinements and get patiently in to make refinements to the care. We see an improvement there in ASPs, but there's some offset in gross margin.  But broadly, when we look at some of the inflationary [Indiscernible] and so on, we have long term contracts, we have got a supply chain where we're driving a lot of productivity and efficiencies through. So, we feel we're pretty well balanced as we see some of these inflationary headwinds, not that it's not a challenge out there for everybody, but we feel that between the contracts we have and the efficiencies we can drive, we balance it.
John Morici: Yeah, I think when you look at -- I'm balanced, Elizabet, we're very pleased with the cash generation, almost 900 million of CFOA, 3 quarters of the year. It's phenomenal cash. A lot going back into the business to grow our business, make investments in some of the operating expenditures to grow our business, continue to make investments in capacity and adding capacity, getting closer to our customers. And then as we've said with our cash, we'll give back to shareholders through repurchase. So we're very happy with how things have progressed. We don't have a magical number in terms of how much cash we should have, but all things in balance. We feel like we're executing to our strategy.
John Morici: Yeah, Jeff, this is John. We've been very pleased with our sequential improvements that we've seen in the systems and services -- in scanner services business. When we look at five quarters in a row of kind of really helping us lead the recovery out of COVID. And a lot of investments that doctors are making -- our doctors are making in the Digital Platform, there's an excellent reflection of that, we have a lot of new doctors that started Invisalign this quarter with us and many of them start with getting an iTero and being able to utilize that within their practice. So we feel very good about the scanner and services business. About a third of that business is services. So that's the reoccurring. And as we improve and have more of an installed base, that just grows that business. So you got a very big and growing installed base coupled with great products that are really driving that adoption. And especially among newer doctors coming in, they're coming in with that scanner to really incorporate that digital technology into their practice.
John Morici: No. I think that's the investments that we continue to make. It's about productivity. It's about growing in this Digital orthodontics, and our doctors expected and our tools will provide that.
John Morici: It's completely normal course of business, nothing COVID related within there, just deferred revenue that we'll recognize in future periods.
John Morici: And from a supply standpoint, obviously, we're mindful of concerns and things that go on from a global supply chain. But we feel comfortable that between the inventory we have and some of the things that we've been able to do that we can manage to, in a supply chain concerns that are out there.
John Morici: And what we've learned over time is, we're -- it's not one size fits all across all the markets. You're trying to maximize return on investment and in certain markets you are doing things that are different than others. Maybe more established markets, you try something different. Maybe other markets that we have where we can advertise. we try different things. But I think the key is we understand what levers to pull.  We've learned a lot over the last several years. We're very excited about these opportunities. And as Joe said, we have the best brand -- best global brand out there, and we want to be able to reach those potential patients in the way that they are living their lives. That's the philosophy that we have, and we talked a lot about that front-end at top of the funnel metrics, and we're very excited about what we're seeing as we've gone due to the last several quarters.
Joseph Hogan: Well, Nathan we are growing at a pretty good pace right now. So it's actually above our long-term growth model, which is 20% to 30%. And as we move into 2022, we'll retain that 20% revenue growth target, and we're happy to discuss it more in detail on Friday.
Joseph Hogan: John, it's a good question we've seen an impact on it. The thing is a lot of other media you can -- you can pivot to in order to find those patients. So have we seen it and have we had to do a certain amount of pivot to do that? Yes. But you know as far as our marketing efforts, I wouldn't discount them in any way in this sense of that change being material in some sense in the near future.
Joseph Hogan: Well, I mean globally -- hey John, it's Joe. Globally, it's less than 5%. When you look at -- we'll show on Friday exactly what we think that is. In United States, I think our current number is the mid-teens. Yes. John, I think that too. We have so far to go, right. This is a superior treatment, like I said in our script, we can do 90% of the orthodontic cases that are out there. It's just us continuing to work really closely with the orthodontist, and advertise to consumers to explain the benefits of digital orthodontics and move this forward. But like I said, this is inevitable. Digital is better. We know it's better. We've made it better. It's more comprehensive than it was before, it's faster, less invasive. I could go on all day. And that's what drives this Company, that's our purpose. We know we'll hit it. It's just -- there's just a lot of work to get from here to there.
Joseph Hogan: But John, I think it's the classic early adopter syndrome. The doctors who use our product almost exclusively 100% can't imagine not using our product line. But they're early adopters in the classical sense. There's 2 things; 1, there's the clinical confidence people, people that are out there that we have to convince. It's much easier that it is today than it was five years ago. Given products like first giving products like [Indiscernible] those kind of things that extend it. And then the predictability of our products.  Secondly, it's the business equation inside the orthodontic practices that they're convinced they can actually keep up the margins and the growth capability they have for their practices, we understand that. And that's why we have programs like adapt that we put together, John, that orthodontist who want to engage with us we can show them how to really operate in a digital environment and actually exceed from a margin standpoint, and growth standpoint.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Jason, it's a good question, but I think it's -- and you'll hear a lot about it this Friday, is the demand equation on this business is incredible, right. The 500 million patients we've talked about, they'll primarily be serviced at the general dentistry area, and then the over 20 million, that's on the -- in the orthodontics side. That mean -- that's -- you look at that. It's a wide open marketplace. Adults have done well, teens will do well. I just think you have to have them both go up. And remember their dealer from different basis in the sense of, traditionally, 75% of our cases have been adults and 25% teens, so there is a large number on the adult side, but the growth potential is amazing. And we'll just going to go after both ends of that equation as aggressively as we can.
Joseph Hogan: Yeah, Jeff, that's one of the key ingredients, is the productivity of a doctor's time and the productivity of the real estate within that office. And in digital kind of situation, you can remote monitor like you do on Virtual Care, some other products that are out there and doctors are taking advantage of that. But also there's a lot of confidence doctors have too if their patients are using the Aligners they will bring them back every so often and take a look to that. That's a big part of it. Secondly, Jeff, is it -- you can actually work with less labor content, and less doctor content and people in the office.  And also size of the office too. You see a whole lot of orthodontists understanding that, and really embracing it. There's a whole referral aspect to Invisalign, is once a patient has an experience with Invisalign, they are often ready to refer another patient to that doctor much more so than wires and brackets. And they said they benefit from that because they see an increase in their sales too. And we see that constantly and adapt and we focus on that, and can actually predict it to a certain extent of time. So I hope I'm answering your question, Jeff, but that is the whole idea of Digital. And then we keep talking about our Align Digital capability, and being able to service a doctor through iTero, being -- having Virtual Care on both ends, and having the kind of capability and horsepower that we can provide with our algorithms in the extent of our clinical capability, is just -- it gives us a huge amount of breadth and capability at orthodontist.
Joseph Hogan: Brian, it's a good -- it's why we highlighted it and it's obviously why we've put money into this thing and our focus on it over the last years. There's certain things in this business that we all know, but there's so many things to do and focus on it. Sometimes something it's so obvious like that, lacks the attention that you want to give to it. And we've been talking about this over time. So, beginning of this year, put a team together to really go after those things. It's hard to say the reason why. It's just we haven't been as focused on retention as we need to be. And many orthodontists, they make their own retainers.  They do it because we just haven't been competitive in the sense of how we can deliver, how fast we can deliver, how easy we make it for them. But I guarantee you if you go out Brandon and you query even orthodontist that seldom use our retainers, they'll tell you we make the best retainers in the world. And we should when we make a 750,000 unique parts a day, right? We know what we're doing. The fits are exquisite. When you have an iTero scanner, it'd be able to do that. And we've set this thing up as a play for doctors that they can feel confident that we'll get these retailers to them in a quick amount of time. They're going to be terrific retainers, something they are proud to really get to their patients. And we've had great feedback on this so far. So I can't apologize for the past or give you the whole history why we haven't done it, but I feel really good about the progress we've made so far.
Joseph Hogan: Yeah. I think NIRI really helps. I really do. It's one of those -- you know in electronics we all know there's killer apps, right? Killer applications. When you can see?carriers?, cavities, right? We use the clinical term, but when you can see cavities without ionizing radiation and Brand of what's amazing when you see this to what happens is the enamel almost becomes invisible, it's almost translucent. You can see through the enamel right to where the carriers is. And there's certain amount of training that has to be done in order to do it and -- look, I grew up in ionizing radiation business.  I know what it is and CT and x-ray and it's that radiation component is better today than it used to be, but it's still exist and patients are still concerned with it over time and to be able to do this in a sense, in a safe way, and as a quick way like we do it. You know what it is to put bitewings in a chair. I mean, it's terrible in a dentist chair, right. Bite down, turn your head sideways. I could go through it all day. And this is a quick scan, one minute scan. minute and a half scan. It pops up on the screen. You can have a conversation with a patient, say there it is, what he deals with. So yes, I think it's a killer application. We'll convince all GPs to buy iTero, no. But then you have to look at Exocad, that critical workflow between labs and GPs really sets us up nicely for restorative pieces. Soon to announce [Indiscernible] architect, which really allows doctors to use restored of Orthodontics as a standard of care, we'll talk about that more Friday. Look, I'm biased. I've been in the -- I'd say the medical imaging equipment business for 15 years of my life count, and iTero, this is the best scanner in the marketplace. And we're just out to show it and to prove it.
Joseph Hogan: Hey, Mike. From a scanner standpoint is -- obviously we have a great scanner, and I think your question asked more about saturation, more than anything. Our feeling is you got 2 million dentists out there and orthodontist. And each of them actually, if you're going to run a digital practice, you need more than one scanner, you need a scanner per chair. You think, let's just say the average doctor has three chairs and there's 2 million doctors out there, we're just touching this thing. We got a 50 thousand unit installed base. And obviously this is a growth equation. It's not one where we're looking to playing out in some time, and obviously it's a portfolio insurance over time, because the technology moves fast too. So, it creates some of its own demand through our solar system. John, I'm done.
Joseph Hogan: Well, if your question implies a direct-to-consumer kind of a mode, that's not us, it's not what we do. It's not what -- but you know, we obviously have an e-commerce site. We have a great brand called Invisalign. Patients ask us all the time for whitening, cleansers, chewys, things associated with it. And what is exercising that capability? It's one with the whitening standpoint, we probably should have been more aggressive on before. But again, it's one of those things that we decided to focus on recently. And we're getting great feedback from the doctors in doing that. It only makes sense. It's classic brand extension, and we're going to leverage that and use Align brand as well as we can.
