John Morici: Yes. Elizabeth, this is John. You haven't framed the right way. We're looking at the segments up mid-single digits and then ASPs because of the price increase. We have some offset due to some of the lower-stage products that we have, including the DSP touch-ups and so on, that you would expect then a little bit lower of ASP impact year-over-year.
John Morici: Yes. So we wanted to give to prior year because in that prior year, when you start the year, you have certain expenses that you incur right at the beginning, payroll, taxes and other things that you incur initially some of the investments that you make that you then get leverage on as you go through the year. So it's similar to how we position things from last year in 2023.
John Morici: Yes, Jeff, this is John. Really, when you start to get some of that volume leverage, we're positioned as having our manufacturing and the organization that we have that's really set to drive more growth. And once we get some of that volume leverage, we should see that benefit showing up in our numbers. And it's really what we saw as we went through the quarters last year where you see some of that volume benefit. You get that benefit as well when you go through the year, but really looking to try to drive as much volume as we can and you'll start to see some of that leverage that shows up in our numbers.
John Morici: I'll start with that, Jon, in terms of the current guidance. Look, we're looking at the environment that we're all in. It's not a great economy, most places, but it is more stable, and we're building off of that. And then as Joe said, we're doing things to play offense. New products that we have with Lumina and IPE and so on, which we think, can help us grow in this environment.
John Morici: And just to close on the CapEx, those prior years, that was -- a lot of that was -- it was equipment. Of course, we are always adding capacity, but a lot of that was very much unique for buildings, adding buildings for our locations, manufacturing and so on. And when we add some of the capacity that we're adding for our manufacturing, it will go in existing buildings. So we don't have to add another building in most cases for this. So that's why the CapEx is where it is.
John Morici: I would characterize it, Brandon, this is John, that both teen and adult are positive on a year-over-year basis, expect maybe adults to grow faster as we've seen compared to -- teens grow faster than adults as we've seen in the past, but I would expect both of them to be up and show our numbers that way.
John Morici: And on the noncomprehensive and gross margin questions and related to that. Look, as we have the mix that shifts through and you might have an ASP lower on some of the non-comp DSP and others that fall into that. Those are our highest gross margin products from a rate standpoint. So they're helpful for us as a business. It's really what that customer wants for him or her to run their practice and that's how we balance things out. But overall, we expect that we would see benefits in gross margin just like we're talking about op margin year-over-year benefits, we should see a benefit as well in gross margin.
John Morici: Michael, this is John. I would say as we look to expand this out, it's been successful, every place that we've done, we've seen, as you said, North America starts with this. So you see some doctors start and then we have more and more doctors that sign up for the program. And then as the doctors sign up for the program, then they end up doing more and more volume with us. We've taken that same approach to other countries, and now we've introduced this in EMEA and other places. And the same thing happens. More and more doctors sign up for it. They start to see the benefits of it, and then they utilize it more. So it's really just a matter of now scaling this to other parts of the world because we find that this is really a nice way to supplement how a doctor wants to run their practice.
John Morici: Nate, this is John. We're looking at, like we said, this year, you're kind of in that mid-single digits. We do have Lumina, which helps, but there's also unknowns about the macro economy. We were very pleased with what we saw in the fourth quarter with doctors buying and actually doing better than what we had really guided to. So we're pleased with the performance of Q4, but we just want to make sure that as we ramp up Lumina that we're properly positioned there, and we'll update as we go along.
John Morici: There is some of that in Q1. We're ramping that up. So it's not a big, huge splash where there's a lot of expenses and kind of hits all in 1 quarter. But there is some ramp up, but that's factored into our guidance. So when we say that we expect the year-over-year in the first quarter to be slightly up, it's factored in -- those expenses are factored in.
John Morici: Things that related to like tax payments and things. It's just some timing as things go through the year. But we feel great. I mean, it's a great model. It generates a lot of cash. It gives us a lot of flexibility, and we were able to use that cash, that $350 million buyback that we did last quarter.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. We felt good about China last year. But remember, we had year-over-year comparisons that were really favorable because of the COVID shuts down over there last year. But overall, as we exited the year, we felt good about our performance there, and we feel good about as we move into 2024 about our competitive position there in -- a China market that I think is a little more predictable because it's not the overhead that we've seen with COVID over the last, really, several years.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, the easy answer and the quick answer is yes. I mean it's just a brand-new platform. Now we set up -- I mentioned in my script about we have 100,000 units out there that we've sold so far. About 1/3 of those are 5D pluses, which are upgradable by just wand switch out. This is the way we've designed Lumina. And so that part's easy. Also, we've been really aggressively upgrading our installed base between E1 and E2 out there too to better position it for this kind of a move. So as we develop Lumina, we had exactly in mind what you just questioned, and we think we're in a good position to do that.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, I like the way you set that up. It's a ramp, it really is. But we feel good that we can play offense with these product lines. Now we still have to scale IPE. We have a great team that knows how to scale, and we'll get through that. Obviously, Lumina is a completely different set of outside of the computer itself. The wand itself is we feel good about the scale part of that as we sell through the marketplace. But overall, I think the way you described it is a ramp of this new technology really beginning in 2024 is a good foundation for that kind of thought process.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, your question about the ramp up, the margin piece or part of that, what's that mean in 2025 or whatever. Look, we feel confident, and as you know from our discussions and our analyst presentation last year is 3D printing is foundationally, it can be less expensive as we scale. And so I mean, we'll start to see that come through as we scale that. But we need time to scale this. No one's ever had this polymer before that has a scale. No one's ever used the Cubicure system to the degree that we need to use it. Now we did this with 3D systems years ago because we basically scaled those systems through our team and team knows how to do that. I just can't tell you specifically within those in the next 1 to 3 years, with this being the first year, exactly when that really hits that hyperbolic side.
Joseph Hogan: Brandon, Joe again. On the Lumina side, remember, our restorative scanner for GPs comes out in the third quarter. But as like John indicated, we indicated, we feel we can sell that into the market now with the capabilities it has, but that will ramp in -- that will probably be more hinged to the regulatory approvals we have to get around the world. Right now, as I mentioned, we only have the United States and Canada and ANZ. Secondly, on IPE, it's the same thing is we're regulatory constrained. We still have to go through Europe. And as I mentioned, IPE will come out in the second quarter in Australia and also. And as we gave that, obviously, we'll be scaling IPE too and understanding the dynamics around that. So it's more of a ramp, as I mentioned a few calls ago than anything.
Joseph Hogan: Jason, I'll take the first part of your question and hand the rest off to John, is we feel we're on a more stable, I'd call it, economic platform than last year. And so the adult and teen question that you had is we expect that to carry through in 2024, as we indicated with our guidance, too. So when I look back, everybody has a clear vision backwards than forward, we look back to last year, a pretty unstable platform that we experienced for the year and the third quarter was a tough one in that sense. But I think we all see it right now, we have more confidence that at least we're dealing with stability from an economic standpoint in most parts of the world from what we see.
Joseph Hogan: You can always say that at Align, there's no single variable equations. And this is another one. The Teen Guarantee, we think is some of it, obviously, our portfolio and how we put that together, our DSP programs, the uniqueness of Invisalign First. All those things really help. And from an adult standpoint, with the firmer economic platform I talked about, I just think there's more confidence out there that we're starting to see lead through.
Joseph Hogan: Michael, it's Joe again. I think the best way to describe it to you, it's -- like I said in my script, it's a 1- to 3-year journey. And obviously, we'll -- we know how to make these aligners now. We understand how to do it. It's just a scalability of resin in the Cubicure process and that takes time. And we'll obviously report on it quarter by quarter. So you really understand where we're going and what the hurdles are and what the opportunities are.
Joseph Hogan: I mean obviously, the scale, you look at retainers first because units of one. And that's why you'd end up with comprehensive full cases in some way. And that's basically how we'll ramp.
Joseph Hogan: Ann, on the DTC customers, we've always argued that, that wasn't our marketplace in the sense of the price point and all. But I mean, obviously, these patients will pursue treatment. Now probably more so for doctors than DTC. And we're just doing what we can in order to support those customers going forward. But again, as I was clear in my script, we're a doctor-focused client company, and we'll keep it that way. But we do see this as being a certain opportunity. It's just hard for us to quantify right now. On the DSO relationships, I'd say this has gotten stronger all around the globe. Two to call out would be Heartland and [indiscernible] being more new ortho side and Heartland being more on the GP side. But we have really good relationships and we leverage our portfolio well with them to help them grow and we grow with them. So I feel good about our position with DSOs, and we have good strong relationships out there with them.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. I can't -- I really wouldn't break it out between Americas and International because we felt good about the geographies in general as you went across the world for especially latter half of the fourth quarter of last year. As we go into this year, as I talk about, we're looking at, I think, a stable economic platform. Some of the data that you cited would support that overall. And we feel good about our new products. We think we can play offense. And that's what we're focused on right now.
