Joe Hogan: Thanks, John. In closing, we're pleased with our first quarter results that reflected an environment of continued stability for our doctor customers. However, degrees of uncertainty remain from market to market. We're confident in our durable competitive advantage as we continue to transform the orthodontic industry, bringing digital dentistry and clear line of treatment to more doctors and the patients they serve, driven by our strategic initiatives of international expansion, orthodontist utilization, general dentist treatment and patient demand and conversion. We will continue to focus on the next phase of new platform innovations in scanning, software and direct 3D printing while prioritizing the needs of our customers for the ultimate benefit of their patients. We are a purpose-driven organization with a tireless commitment to transform more smiles and change more lives. We're the only digital orthodontic company in the world today with the scale and reach to address the 500 million potential people that could benefit from teeth straightening within the line system. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to updating you on our next earnings call. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Joe Hogan: Jason, it's Joe. First of all, I'd just describe what we have is stability right now. I mean you talk about the quarter-over-quarter seasonality of the business. We haven't really seen that for a long period of time. Obviously, that's embedded in our forecast right now. But I'd characterize again, what we're seeing right now is stability, which I feel is good in the sense that we've had such instability over the number of years. And from quarter-to-quarter, we're seeing some consistency in that sense. And I think -- in this economic environment right now with the uncertainty in different aspects going on out there, I think the stability piece and that's what we're leaning on as we move into Q2, is the right theme and the right kind of focus.
Joe Hogan: Utilization statistic is, Jason, obviously, important to us. Remember, it often gets somewhat muddled in the sense of DSO aggregation and different things in different areas that we've had a report in an investment community at times. Your point on China is a good one. China was somewhat dark for us during the COVID piece, and we do see that coming back. The orthodontic piece is a good signal to. So overall, I feel good about those -- the utilization numbers. I felt obviously good about the gauge data. I hate to see the wires and brackets moving up, but you could see we outperformed on the Clear Aligner segment on that piece, too. So, we're seeing good doctor engagement and that's on both the GP side and the ortho side. I think the overall piece here is you have to look at a continued challenge from an adult standpoint, when you look at our numbers across the globe. And I think that's more reflective of the consumer index and confidence things that we've talked about in the past. And the teens in that certain window of treatment are more certain for this in treatment than some of the adults in those cases. And that addresses your question, Jason.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth on China, I could -- it was kind of a difficult quarter in a sense of how it started. But we saw good unfolding as the quarter went forward. I'd say when I hear people say China returning, China is coming out of a COVID crisis. I think we see, obviously, across different industries. China improving in that sense, but I'd say no way is China back in the sense of we envision China four years ago or so before we went into this mess. Right now, I'd say what we've seen in China the last few months is just stability, I'd say, some stability and a more clear signal out of China than we've seen in the past, but nothing that we're ready to forecast through individual growth standpoint.
Joe Hogan: It's Joe. Look, I think when you look at adults, I look at that as really tied to the consumer confidence indices, particularly in the western world that we can track. And look, I'm not -- we're not smart enough to project where that's going. It looks like that's stable right now, too, when you look at the way those lines are trending in the United States and different parts of the Western world. On the teen side, our second quarter is a big teen season. In the western world, third quarter is big teens for China. And so that's why we talked about it in my script is that we came out of the first quarter with really positive signs on teens. As we go into the quarter, we have some momentum in that sense. And so we stay focused on adults and we'll execute well around adults. But in teen season two, we keep a very sharp focus there because we think that demand equation is much more consistent.
Joe Hogan: Yes, it's a good question. The DSOs, you're right, there's something we call OpEx, some cost aspects you don't have to have as high as the number of salespeople calling on that account, you organize resources differently to make sure you support a team like Heartland, the way they need to be supported. What's really great is a very synergistic effect, too, in the sense of how they execute on their clinicals throughout their organization from an efficiency standpoint, how to teach our doctors to use our product to enhance what their capability is in the digital dentistry side. And so -- and then obviously, we help to teach through their teachers in the sense of how we train the doctors and all. So what we really like about with Heartland, and we have a good relationship with other DSOs with Heartland is a really good focus from a digital standpoint and good execution around how they want to move that to the marketplace to their doctors. It's very professional, and that's why we've seen growth in that channel and -- we see that with Smile docs also on the orthodontic side, there are strong orthodontic DSO. And we're really, really happy to partner with them because we have the same vision and the same focus on expanding the marketplace for digital orthotics.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think we're coming out of a complete blackness, okay, when you get it. So Nave's really hard to pull a signal out of all that noise, except for we had a reasonable quarter, and you can see we're predicting that in the second quarter for China. That's kind of as far as I want to go. When you think about China itself, from a consumer standpoint, you have to look at the private institution. You have to look at the public hospitals. And again, that data isn't clear enough for us in the sense of what the sustainability is on that piece. So we're just being cautious. I don't think China is going to revert back into a COVID kind of a shutdown. I think we all know that. But that economy is somewhat questionable right now in the sense of how fast it will rebound and what direction it rebounds in We're just being cautious in the sense of how we're going to forecast
Joe Hogan: Michael, it's Joe. I mean if anything has been consistent, we have seen the pressure on adults during this whole downturn. Now we can see pressure on teens, too, but not to the same extent. These things vary by country in Europe. There's no Europe, you have to look at by country or whatever in the United States. But in general, we see very similar trends from an adult and team standpoint, with more teen demand, not saying positive team demand, but stronger teen demand than we've seen with adults. So what we feel good about is that we're seeing decent stability in those numbers. And adult creep up a little bit. We saw our DSOs in the United States execute really well around adults, which shows you that if you have the right kind of focus, you can still have a good patient yield on the adult side, if you're working that piece. But in general, I think until we see significant economic improvement, I don't know if that adult -- teen kind of ratio in the sense that we're seeing is going to change dramatically. I think we have to see a good upturn in consumer confidence before we see that reflected in the adult volume. Doesn't mean that confidence doesn't affect teens, but it doesn't affect it to the same degree.
Joe Hogan: I think price elasticity is a good question in this marketplace. Michael, I think we've always known it's been there. I mean we see -- our competitors don't necessarily compete at all on technology, they compete on price. And then we know that it's had a certain amount of success in a certain part of the marketplace, and that will always be there. But when you look at our price increase here, and I think you're associating our price increase with price elasticity and our volume is our 3x3, which we didn't increase. And obviously, there's a limitation on additional aligners. It was really well received by the marketplace and very from a GP standpoint and ortho standpoint too. And our increase on our comprehensive was seen as fair and also the other parts, I would say -- but everybody loves a price increase, and we see our NPS score. But if I've been here long enough to have enough data points to tell you that, I think this price increase -- our pricing approach was received better by the marketplace than any other one that I've instituted since I've been here. And so, I feel good about it because I think it matched our customer expectations with what we need from a business standpoint. And so I don't think that that elasticity was negative at all in the sense with the price increases here. And most of our competitors, they are truly competitors followed in that sense with price increases, too.
Joe Hogan: Erin, it's Joe. I'll take them. On the DSO side, I don't see a conflict of all. We have DSOs that really want to address digital dentistry through digital orthodontics and we're excited about our -- obviously, our digital footprint and what we can offer from a platform standpoint. And so Heartland is helping the lead on the GP side in that sense, and I mentioned the Smile docs on the ortho side is there, too. So again, I don't expect this to be an issue within any of our accounts because we will engage with them and to help them on a demand equation if they want to be as aggressive and inconsistent and this implementation is what Heartland has been and which our docs have been, too. So -- and I don't see a conflict of interest at all. When I hear that term, my hair goes up in the year. I don't see anything that's conflicting at all. I think this is completely in line with what we believe in. We want to drive digital orthodontics as fast as we possibly can. And those DSOs and frankly, not just DSOs, just we have several doctors that have multiple practices that we engage with to try to expand those practices with them because we know they've committed to digital orthodontics and can drive those things forward. So I'd look at this as a positive statement that we're ready to engage and invest with our partners that share our vision. And then secondly, on the scanner business, I think you look at what happened between fourth quarter and first quarter. I think you have to take that in context. Fourth quarter is always a big capital equipment cycle. And first quarter is lower. This wasn't much different when you look at the numbers. When you look at our overall services business through that business because we have such a broad installed base that held up very well. So as I look at the scanner marketplace and where we stand today, I believe we have the largest installed base out there. We monetize that well from a services standpoint, we work with those accounts. When you look at our NPS scores of customers that use iTero, significantly higher customer satisfaction than ones that don't and try to use PVS impressions or something else, too. So when I look at our technology versus technology from competitors, I feel we lead, and we'll continue to lead in the marketplace. So our iTero scanner is critical for us going forward. It's a key part of our digital platform. Don't look at the fourth quarter and first quarter as any kind of a signal to say that we're losing momentum in that business. We always see that difference between fourth quarter and first quarter. John, you add anything? You...
Joe Hogan: Kevin, also just -- as John talking and thinking of my comment to you is your comment might have inferred something like a quid pro quo or something like that. There's nothing like that. There's no piece of that. We have a joint vision in the sense of how we can move digital orthodontics through the general dentistry, and we share that, and we're helping to invest in that so we can drive it forward. But there's no give and take in that sense. Appreciate your questions.
John Morici: I think, Elizabeth, I'll take the kind of the margin piece. This is John. We'll see improvements as we produce more product, sell more product. We talked about that being sequentially up from a volume standpoint and utilize our facilities, whether it's clear liner or on the Systems and Services side. So that's definitely a help. And in particular, with some of the improvements that we're seeing with higher utilization in Poland, as that plant continues to ramp up, will -- we see improvements in gross margin that way.
John Morici: John, this is John. So I would say in specific, as we said in China, we saw improvement in China. I mean it went from January with a lot of the COVID cases and February was better than January and March was better than February. We saw that. And then as Joe described, we've seen stability in a lot of the other markets where there's puts and takes, but overall, more stability throughout the quarter. And that's what kind of got us to our overall volume numbers.
John Morici: Yes. Thanks, Jon. Yes, on China, we didn't specifically guide for China in Q1, and it played out as we described there, but that's what we saw in China, which adds to what Joe was talking about just that stability that we saw there that we haven't seen in three years or so. On ASPs, you're right. We expect it to be slightly up over Q1. It's getting that full quarter of price change and so on the price increase we have and kind of taking the FX where it's at right now so slightly up compared to what we saw in Q1.
John Morici: I think, John, when you look at -- or sorry, Jeff, when you think of the total year, there's still uncertainty in the second half. So we tried to give a good view of where we think Q2 will be based on that guidance, but they're still uncertainty in the second half. And that's why we've stayed away from that revenue guide for the total year and kept our op margin that we talked about, the non-GAAP at or slightly above kind of out there just for that uncertainty still in the second half.
John Morici: No, you're right, Jeff. I mean, so as DSP grows, there are some non-comprehensive typically cases that get caught in there. Those would be minor adjustments, minor movement cases that those doctors would want instead of going into a non-comprehensive case, in ordering that, they're using DSP. And so therefore, DSP kind of includes it. It's great revenue for us. It's additional revenue. That's why when you think of that other revenue piece of it. It's growing faster as DSP grows, and it's really fulfilling the way the doctors want to be sold to. But some of that case volume gets trapped within DSP.
John Morici: Yes. We haven't broken that out, Jeff, within DSP. But you're right. The year-over-year case volume change would not have been down by as much. It would have been more -- it would have been adjusted because DSP is growing, and there's more cases that kind of get trapped within there. But as Shirley said, we don't report those DSP cases. They're not there. They just show up in our other revenue.
John Morici: Well, I think first off, the three and three, it's a great product that our customers want and they're utilizing and so we're happy to see in the markets that we've released good adoption started in January for us, and we saw it progressively increase as we went through -- in through the quarter. So every month got better. And it really gives doctors more options in terms of how they want to purchase our product. As I said in my remarks, many of our doctors -- most of our doctors don't do more than two refinements. So this is a product that's perfect for them, allows them to treat patients the way they can. And then from a revenue recognition standpoint, it -- because we don't have -- we have pretty much a defined number of aligners only up to three refinement. And it's over a three-year period. So we're able to recognize revenue over a shorter period of time and the adoption of this as well as other factors are in the overall Q2 guide.
John Morici: Yes. In terms of the investment, less than 5%, it doesn't show up in our op margin or anything of that nature. And it's an investment that we made, and it stays on our books that way. But there's nothing that would show up in our op margin or anything else related to that investment.
John Morici: Yes. We're not at the -- we're just not giving that case growth numbers, we just kind of wanted to talk sequentially, but you would expect, as we've kind of said from Q1 to Q2, we would expect overall volumes to increase sequentially as you get into teens and others, it's going to vary by region. But if you're talking specifically the U.S., you start to get into more of a teen season basis, and that's the expectation for our overall numbers.
Jeff Johnson: Following up on John's question, I think he was trying to get up the same thing. But look, I mean, revenue in 1Q came in clearly ahead of what you guys were talking about. 2Q is at least being guided above the street, which I say encouraging. You're talking about stability throughout the quarter. So I guess I'm trying to understand why isn't that translating to slightly better margins? I think your margin number in the 1Q was spot on with us. It was above the street right on what we were thinking, but your full year guidance is staying the same. And it sounds like you feel a little better about the end markets. You're definitely translating that to better revenue. I would just think even with fixed cost leverage, maybe we would have seen a little bit better margin in the 1Q and a little bit more optimistic outlook for the year.
Jeff Johnson: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up. I just want to make sure on DSP. I think I know the answer to this. I don't want to expose my -- pay if it is that. But I know there's commercial product in there. I know obviously, there's -- there do any cases get captured within DSP? Obviously, as DSP is growing nicely, the 575,000 cases you did this quarter, the 598,000 cases you did last year in the first quarter. If we subtracted out DSP or if that didn't exist, would those case volumes be different at all, is the down 3%, 4% year-over-year being impacted at all by more things moving to DSP? Just want to understand the impact that has as we look at these reported global case volumes.
Jeff Johnson: Right. And as they're growing, then I'm assuming the 4% year-over-year case volume contraction you reported this year in the first quarter looks a little worse than it actually would have been if DSP wasn't out there. And that's what I'm trying to get at. Is there any way to quantify that? Would cases, if not for DSP, been closer to flat year-over-year? Or is there just any way to kind of guide us round about what that impact of DSP growing nicely year-over-year, but then that's capturing -- DSP is capturing more cases this quarter -- this year in the first would have then did last year in the first quarter.
