Joe Hogan: Yeah I mean we saw dramatic improvement between April and June. Obviously we were kind of in the jaws of COVID 19 with all the shutdowns in April. May was little better and then we’ve seen strong momentum as we’ve moved into June. So I think you can look at that as a significant improvement in our business overall.
Joe Hogan: Yeah I mean that’s. I mean when you think about COVID 19 and what the business has really faced in that. 3000 customers thus for us was terrific in that way. You don't actually look for new customers coming in on that. You’re looking for utilization rates on your current base. I mean we felt and I felt really great about the 3000. Obviously that got stronger as the quarter went on.
Joe Hogan: Yeah I think Asia is so diverse in itself. It’s hard just to extrapolate Asia Elizabeth. .I mean obviously China was kind of first out of this thing, but China has had bumpy road also with the recent issues in Shanghai and different areas, so every one of these regions has its own unique footprint in its own unique model in a sense of how they’ve dealt with the virus, but obviously it in our transcript, but we’ve seen significant improvement in really every region around the world.
Joe Hogan: Steve when we talk about digital platform, you really start with iTero on the front end and even in a downturn like we saw with COVID in the capital equipment business. iTero showed up well and particularly with 5D in different areas, but that’s the front end of this whole piece that we talk about on digital platform, then you move through our obviously our treatment planning, and all, but what we added had when you think about the whole breadth of a global digital platform we added virtual care, that knew about and we came out so that. Doctors could talk to our patients remotely and be able to track treatment and actually we had several doctors actually close treatments cases remotely with our virtual treatment capability. And that really extended the effectiveness of the doctor's, and the effectiveness of the digital treatment in that sense too. There is a lot of imaging that we do now in our treatment planning and all too, so it’s not just tracking patients, it's also having images and different things that you can share with the patient is a sense of where they should be around treatment in those types of areas. So it's a broad kind of a digital platform we're talking about. I mean we had tens of thousands of people on our virtual care platform as we rolled that thing out in a matter of 30 days and all around the world. And we’ll continue to update that platform with AI. We’ll make it much more predictive so that doctors don't have to look at every patient. We have a strong roadmap in that sense too Steve so it’s just, it’s the breadth of the digital platform, and how it covers everything from starting with the consumer, turning them into a patient from iTero all the way to the back end up being able to monitor, and treat those patients.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, thanks John. So as we look at investing our believing in our long-term model, a long term growth model and that has up margin at the 25+% so that's how we look to keep investing. As you get some benefit through the expansion and other things you might get some leverage as you go but we believe in that long-term model and that's how we look forward on our investments.
Joe Hogan: Yeah I think Ravi was [indiscernible] you know obviously April was tough as you came out of March into April, you know we saw some stabilization in May and then good progress in June overall so it just a complete kind of beginning and end of the quarter overall and like we just mentioned by John is that’s what continued into July also.
Joe Hogan: Look, we believe the digital transformation and this is the way we see that in testing that we have done to be able to help practices be more efficient moving from analog to digital, we believe in the platform and believe in that process and these are initiatives that will take to help the fact. It will be a service for a fee and those doctors, those practices will see the benefit we have seen it time after time on those practices that they have seen improvement in their efficiency and profitability and we want to be at a provide that service.
Joe Hogan: Well I think you know the way we have built that will be probably different by region but it is not an easy transition for practitioners to go from analog to digital and we have known that’s been one of the fictional point for customers wanting to obviously go digital from a dentistry standpoint, orthodontic standpoint so we have learned a lot and we're using those learnings for customers to reach out and really want to make a commitment for digital transformation and we know we can help, we filed last year in every region and we rolled it out full force now.
Joe Hogan: We have been doing that program in different countries in Asia for a while so I mean how to implement it. We thought of the good time in North America obviously because some doctors being trapped with the large and brackets patients and their inability to be able to help them so, we'll continue that, we’ll continue through this quarter if we, whether we continue or not, it was really based on what consumer needs are and what doctors need are but will make that decision when time comes, we just trying to help in the moment and in the sense of doctors being able to control the practices and I help the patients.
Joe Hogan: You know I think it's honestly hard to call them and obviously which are playing out our teams here, and this is a seasonal time for teens and we know we'll get a strong signal here in the third quarter. But we're a lot optimistic about adults, I think there is a lot of just talking to different people in marketplace and you noticed to this seems to be a lot of people with time on their hand, wanting to do elective procedures that they didn't have time to do before, we’re picking this stuff all around the country. So unlike 2008 where a lot of things folded up because people are worried about their personal wealth, people are sheltering in place, socially distancing and especially our demographic that we work through right now, seem to have more time on their hands to be able to pursue these kinds of things so we're also be optimistic on the adult segment going forward third and fourth quarter also.
Joe Hogan: Matthew you asked the million-dollar question right or the billion dollar question all right. We think, obviously our story has always been, we’re way underpenetrating this marketplace based on what consumers want, based on what our technology can do from a clinical standpoint. The consumer experience that's going on, I think we all think that COVID is really shine the light on this of much less invasive treatment, much easier in this sense location standpoint, much better workflow for doctors to keep track of their patient. So, we think if anything this is a time if this could happen, we're not telling you that this is a tipping point in entire thing but we certainly see this isn't hurting our story and it certainly being supported out there not just in United States but broadly around the world.
Joe Hogan: Well it feels like you know to it a teen season, we talked about this before John, we call this elective procedures but Teens have a certain clinical window that they fit into and it's always a timeframe with parents and we're very optimistic that that kind of Team focus and growth will continue in the third quarter, in China too, in United States and different places. But also this is a different, John this is different than 2008 from what we feel is consumers seem to have more optimism in the sense of economy you see it in the stock market right now we're see it there and they have more time on their hands with many people not working from offices. And so we're optimistic again that there is money out there and there is a willingness of patient to pursue this electric treatments and I think you also have to look at the static market from a surgical standpoint and see what’s going on there too. It seems it support that kind of an idea also. So it’s, this is different than what we have seen in past recessions for sure, I am not a registered economist, neither is John, we're good at visualizing in this business and that's where we can only just a reiterate to you the signals we are seeing in the marketplace. But right now as this comes back, we know that all dental offices are not completely up to speed but that is not necessary based on demand, that’s based on the way that they have to actually face this patients through their practices and make sure that they keep their staff safe and they keep patients safe too.
Joe Hogan: Yeah it’s hard to take a second quarter on MA and give you a trend because it was a pretty hard hit overall, obviously bringing shock on my numbers. You know I would say overall mandibular advancement continues to go well, we pair with our team first product, Invisalign first product line which is doing extremely well also and so yeah what you really find around the world, John as you find some doctors just glued to amend that advancement, they would love it, they use it every day, other ones are trying it out, that they have had it on some patients and watching through it. On the first product line, they got to combine that together and so we see significant increase in what I call a clinical penetration because we can do those kinds of cases that we could really have done, you know every two years ago at all. So I would say, the way to look at that is our Teen first product, Invisalign first being the most uptake and a fastest uptake with mandibular advancement right behind it.
Joe Hogan: We have all the protocols we know how to do it, we're trying to find manufacturing capabilities that can scale with what we have been in middle out there, that sounds trivial but in a business like this where you have credible amount of volume you have to put through, we still have some work to do in that skillet more.
Joe Hogan: Yeah just a top year over year, not just total not from a June standpoint. Not just quarter-over-quarter but June year-over-year, so this is a pretty strong signal.
Joe Hogan: That’s was good one John. No, we are not guiding but trying to give you as much information on people doing surveys and other work as well you can up trying a little around it but just I want to give out for the things we talked about, don't want to give on future guidance. Jeff you're not being Q here, it’s hard to read signal, two noise right now and that's okay.
Joe Hogan: Yeah, I would say when we say all that digital, it’s just that what allows them to drive the efficiency you're talking about, just so when you have this kind of digital tools, allow you to monitor patients to communicate with patients one on one or you know any kind of AI they can tell patient if they're off-track or on track and we know that interaction also encourages patients with the most important variable Invisalign treatment is compliance, making sure that they have their aligners intact and if doctors are watching and we are keeping up, in that sense it helps also. And so what doctors find out overtime is that they can -- they will have to see these patients like every three weeks, like they do with wires and brackets, they don’t have to -- the obviously the PPE and everything else associated with their staff and all working through these patients. And, if the patient doesn't have to come in from a clear aligner standpoint, you either give them all their aligners upfront or you give them more aligners that allow them to continue to treatment, without having an actual doctor’s visit. So, it’s just tools, they are kind of tools that we use now and from a business standpoint that we have, but it is applied from a clinical standpoint to keep track of patients and to allow doctors to be more productive for sure.
Joe Hogan: I think Richard, what you are hearing from both of us is, in this case we're not quite sure exactly how many teens and adults were on Switch program, it is a good question, but you got to guess statistically the orthodontic market in the United States is 80% teens and 20% adults. So you can guess the majority of Switches were probably teens, but that is – let me get that data back to you.
Joe Hogan: Well it's fair that it helped. I cannot tell you that the inflection point is here, but we certainly see a lot of uptake and interest and a digital workflow and our digital methodology in light of COVID-19, our experience has been when doctors can really convert most of their practice and that's why ADAPT, once you get over 50%, 60% digital, your practices change significantly and the consumers like it better, doctors tend to like it better, what we talked about you have higher margin and also a dramatic increase like 20% increase from a revenue standpoint. So, yeah, this is certainly - a COVID is certainly been a push for this. We are cautious, we don't want to talk about a crisis that’s just terrible for people, actually enhancing our business, but the fact is it does promote a workflow and a capability that's much more convenient at this point in time given the COVID threat.
Joe Hogan: I think Michael when you ask a question like that and you need to think of our business and how broad it is and global it is today. There's a lot of mitigating factors, right, so we cannot tell you if there is a backlog of patients that have come in sooner or whatever. We just know it’s teen season in United States and its Canada and I mean, I'm sorry in China, Canada also and we're June was indicative of a good increase in the sense of teens looking for treatment and we think that will continue.
Joe Hogan: Mike, right, it is back to Joe again too, I just want you to know we have great enthusiasm for teen and no matter where it is around the world but we can't tell you if there is a surge of teen patients based on a lot of teens not being in school, we cannot tell you if it's a backlog or whatever, but we can tell you we're enthusiastic about the season and that June was a good indication that it's heading in the right direction.
Joe Hogan: No I cannot say that there was really, I mean we didn't talk a lot specifically about that but Japan, Taiwan, and Korea were exceptions because there were hardly a blip in a sense of what we saw and how they were affected with COVID but really every other country in APAC and most countries around the world we say except for the expansion markets in Asia and obviously COVID was a big impact on them.
John Morici: Hi Elizabeth this is John. We continue to believe in our model. It’s a vastly underpenetrated market. We're going to make strategic investments to better grow in that market. Whether it’s R&D, sales, and marketing we’re going to continue to make those investments where we see a return.
John Morici: Hey John this is John. Some of that is, some of its backlog, and some of it is additional growth that they would have, so the utilization has improved as those doctors have come back to work and they’re seeing patients, and that’s true in North America and that’s true in all countries where we see those doctors’ offices opening up, so it's hard to tell how much is backlog versus how much is more run rate going forward, but we’re a combination of both.
John Morici: Yeah, Rich, this is John. It is a program as Joe said that we had in Japan and other places as well, it is something that our doctors and many of their patients who were stuck in treatment and teeth were moving wanted to make a switch to this. It is not necessarily a teen versus adult, it's just patients who want to progress with treatment and did not want the uncertainty of the current environment that they are in or future environment and went to their doctors and their doctors wanted to be able to switch them over and we made it so that they could do so.
John Morici: Mike, I think you look at – every area is different, we are seeing a different pace of recovery for the various regions and locations and practices, some practices they are open but then somebody within the practice develops COVID and it shuts down so it varies across. We're doing everything we can to make sure that those doctors have their PPE, they have promotion, they have things in place to be able to help drive volume, but it's very dependent on those specific areas not just in the U.S. but we're seeing this across the other regions as well.
John Morici: Yeah, I think we talked about been in the scanner and services segment that we have and I think you can wait for the Q on that but it's - we acquired and it is part of our business and we will put more details into the Q.
