Joseph Hogan: Bob, that's a big question, but I'll make it simple, okay? We had an issue in the third quarter in the Americas with our Advantage Program that I think kicked off this ASP concern. As we said, we retracted that $300 that we offered on teens and also adults at that point in time. After that, basically, out ASPs are what they normally are, in the sense of mixes and matches across the spectrum of EMEA in different places. So I mean, that's the total -- you want to talk about we have an exchange hit this quarter also but again, I think we prepared you for that in the last quarter. So overall, the only change is we didn't have an advantage issue in the third quarter as in the fourth quarter.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Elizabeth. It's Joe. Look, in Americas, we're still really underpenetrated in the marketplace, particularly on the GP segment, and so we decided we'd add 100 salespeople. We feel really good about that investment giving us good short-term returns. We've done this before almost in every cycle since I've been here. It's a play we know how to run, and we know the importance of it overall. So don't look at it as an anomaly. It's just a continuation of building out our sales force and taking advantages of some of the man out there. Elizabeth, I'll also tell you. It's a high touch thing. You have to touch doctors in this business to drive sales. It's really -- and it -- this doesn't happen on itself. It's -- there's a constant touch to it. So we're really aware of that. Often, our treatment is much different than what these doctors have done before. Our salespeople, we train them well clinically but also from a business standpoint so that they can talk about clinically how to use a product line but also from a business standpoint how you integrate it into the practice. So adding salespeople is really important.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jon, look, I - the America's growth this year, I know we had the blip in the third quarter overall, but 2018 is a good year for us. If you look at the last 6 years, this is actually the second highest growth profile we've had. America's growth is about 17% on an average over those 6 years. The orthos grew -- this is the only -- this is the second -- from a percentage standpoint, best year we've had from an ortho standpoint. What happened between the third and fourth quarter, again, we think it was a -- that I mentioned on my opening, was the uptake that we have at that Advantage Program in the third quarter. And that was repeated in the fourth quarter, and we think we have this quarter-over-quarter kind of discrepancy. GP is at an all-time high from a growth standpoint overall. And then obviously, from a Brazil standpoint, too, it's starting to become material in the sense of the size of that business, and we're looking for good contributions this year. So Jon, I hope I'm answering your question. But I'd say then if you look at the volume overall, you see how strong EMEA has been. The expansion of EMEA, in the areas like Turkey and Russia and in the Middle East, has been important to us. But also France is growing well. Spain has been strong. Italy came back. We saw it. We've had great success with Go in -- with the GPs out of the U.K. but also in Germany, too. So we really feel great about that region. And then APAC, again, we see strength. We've seen strength in China. We see strength in APAC overall. Japan's growth has been phenomenal. And then bleed that in with our iTero growth, too, that you see across the spectrum. Overall, we feel good about volume.
Joseph Hogan: Steve, it's Joe. We -- obviously, we're seeing Ormco down in ANSI, and I think we saw recent announcement that they are going to kind of pace themselves as they go through 2019. I think you're seeing the same thing out of 3M, too. So honestly, we know you guys do surveys, and we read your surveys. We do our own or whatever. We know some of the docs out there trying these product lines. And we have access to some of the software that's going on out there and the product lines that they're representing or whatever. But I don't want to -- I don't diminish it. But as far as 2019 goes, we're not thinking about any major competitive issues that we're going to face in any of our key areas or key geographies right now. We think this will take some time for them to ramp. We've talked about this before. This business is not easy. You have to be able to hit on a lot of cylinders. You got to have a good sales force that touches the customers and can make that doctor feel really strong about the product line. Secondly, you have to have really good treatment planning and consistent treatment planning that can deliver. And third, you got to have an operation organization that can deliver these things in sequence and on time and on high quality. And putting those things together is difficult. And so 2019, we're not factoring in a huge amount of what we think is competitive pressure.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Erin, it's Joe. From a China standpoint, look, our demand there has been great. I think as I talked about in my opening, it's a really underpenetrated marketplace. And so -- and there's a lot of demand for our product lines. So our manufacturing investments we're making there, our treatment planning, all those things that make us a local company, we think will allow us to really penetrate that market at a higher rate. So look, I mean, we're not numb to the international scene right now, where people are concerned about China demand. We don't have anything to report right now that would say that we have a diminishing or a paranoia over China demand as we go into 2019. As far as competition over there, Erin, Angela Align is the most credible competitor that we have there. I would say that Angel has really focused on kind of Tier 3 cities in areas of China where we really focused on in the first 5 years or so of our logistics in China in Tier 1 or two cities, and moved into Tier 3. We don't feel that Angel is throttling our growth there at all. They are a fast follower. We see them in different areas that come after us. But we -- there's not a whole lot of head-to-head competition we feel right now, and I think that reflects not a whole lot about Angel being either good or bad. It just reflects the size of this marketplace and the investments you have to make in the sales force, how you really have to service that marketplace. There's a lot of work that you have to do. The channels just don't exist right now in the sense that you have to build those channels and really make them viable. So right now, we consider them a competitor and our largest competitor, I'd say, in the world, in the sense of a number of clear aligners that they supply. We don't look at them right now as slowing us down in China. And the Brazil surprise. I'd say that the surprises were always in Brazil. It's the Incredible uptake of our product line there. You saw the 1,300 doctors that we've trained there recently. They're so excited about the product line. It's -- we talked about Spain often in the sense of the uptick of our product in Spain and the growth there. We see the same kind of enthusiasm and the same kind of, what I would call, Latin enthusiasm for what our product can do and really bring to that area. So we look to make major investments there and increasing our sales force and our presence in the Brazilian area. We really feel good about Brazil from a standpoint of future growth of our product aligner.
Joseph Hogan: Erin, there's no lack of creativity in our commercial forces as promotions go, so there's a lot of adult supervision that we have to supply as we do those things. And what -- you can look at our [Adapt] program as a good one. That's a program where we're trying to take doctors to 80% Invisalign and really demonstrate, as I mentioned in my opening, is that when you get to a digital practice, when you get to 80%, first of all, no one goes back, no one goes back to wires and brackets. You really set a precedent that you have control over your practice. You don't have 30% of your cases resulting in emergencies. Doctors aren't spending 45 minutes a day with patients. It's just a much -- but you have to get to 80% to make that work. We'll continue to put money into that. That's not like a promotional program that we would offer at a lower price. That's just a program we work with docs that really want to get there. There's always promotional programs that we do that we offer aligners to staff at orthos that are starting up with us or also with GPs or whatever so that they can understand the product and have that experience and be able to communicate that well to patients. They come into the practice. Those are ongoing promotions that we do in all 3 geographies, too. We do have seasonal promotions at times in different countries at different areas. But I'd say that we have a -- this is outside of the third quarter issue obviously we reported on kind of ad nauseam over the last 6 months. We have a good handle right now on what promotions that we'll offer throughout the year.
Joseph Hogan: John, that's a good question. There's 3 key parameters, right, is first of all, there's extended payment terms that you have to deal with. Because when you go with a clear aligner product versus wires and brackets, their cost overall are about 4x from a variable cost standpoint of which you'd have with wires and brackets. So you just have to get ready for that cash play and try in some way to extend those kinds of payments. Secondly, you have to look at their workflows. Because when you really go to a full digital practice, it changes completely really. We find out in our [Adapt] program that you need fewer chairs but you'd need more consultation rooms to put people in, to show them simulations, to talk them through what it would be. With no emergency cases, it completely redefines in the sense of how a day goes in a doctor's office. It's not 30% of the time are people scrambling around trying to find someone that can fix something to occur with wires and brackets in some way. And then third is a demand component, is you're going to have to drive more demand within that practice, which Invisalign does. And so obviously, with $100 million spend that we do a year in attracting patients and moving them into doctors, how we pipe those patients into doctors, how they prepare themselves for both teens and adults to do that. So it's on those 3 dimensions. And John, specifically on the Adapt program, we're just going through that program right now and how we'll offer that to customers and whether it will cost to actually do that to customers at that point. And after we've done probably 5 to 8 of these and have them complete, we'll have a better story in the sense of -- a more complete story in the sense of here is how we'll do it, what those costs will be. But don't look at those as being overly broad. Remember, we have iPro today that we basically use to take customers through clinical kind of episodes. So we have our concierge service that grabs patients to move them through doctors, too. So the big components of operations that you need to work around the Adapt , we have those in place. We just have to modify them more to this 80% or digital treatment play.
Joseph Hogan: Steve, it's Joe. I think first of all, I'd say we play offense in this business. So even though we talk about restructuring or if we talk about adding salespeople, when we talk about defending our IP, all of those things are, to me, setting a foundation for future growth in the business. When you sit back and you look at this business, we're incredibly underpenetrated based on consumer preference for clear aligners to move teeth and also the size of the market that digital opens up even beyond, the 12 million orthodontic case starts that we talk about globally. So please don't call 2019 a throwaway year. Hopefully, the earnings and the growth that we're projecting here are substantial. And we haven't even mentioned the law of large number on you guys over the last 3 years, right? Because we continue to build these huge percentages over top incredibly larger numbers than what we had previously. So I look at this as -- don't -- look at is as these are aggressive investments in a young business to lay a foundation to allow us to be better in the future. And that's -- we have to take these.
Joseph Hogan: I mean, we - like I mentioned before, Richard, this is -- the growth that we saw throughout 2018 was really strong in China. I mean, obviously, we're making these investments in China. It's a commitment. They are the second largest country in the world right now. The under-penetration, the opportunity there is huge. Look, I mean, we're up with global events. We see the issues going on with China and United States. And hopefully, they'll come to a trade deal sooner or later. I look at that investment. When I talked about manufacturing there, it is moving closer and having a Chinese business and being able to operate in that country with a lot of fluidity. But it also makes me feel good that we have a good insurance policy in the sense of the trade dynamics between the two countries, too. So right now, again, we haven't seen what other companies are reporting. I think the penetration piece we're talking about is probably maybe the variable of difference between the two. We're not saying that we're recession-proof ever. I think that's a ridiculous position to take. But what we've seen right now in the growth rates and what we've been experiencing, right now, we're looking for a good 2019 in China.
Joseph Hogan: I'll take the high level of it. John, take the specific level. But remember, MAF was just approved in November of 2018. As you can see, we have -- I expect our normal uptick in the United States, which is -- what those will do, 2 or 3 cases and get used to it. It's a phenomenal product. It really is. To think you straighten your teeth. It can move your mandible forward in that sense and build bone. It's just -- it's incredible. But when it's something that big and that revolutionary, doctors -- orthos are conservative anyway. And obviously, they're going to take their time in the sense of proving it. Now [indiscernible] MAF has been outside the United States for a while, too. So we have, I think, 17,000 cases we talked about that we've gone through it. What's really interesting, too, is we have several updates from [Jelco] and the engineering team on MAF also. When teeth are shorter, how you arrange your aligners to make it work, making sure the wings are a lot stronger than before. So this is approved in the United States. We think we've significantly improved the product over the last 12 months, too. Now we find, too, is just the great halo effect around MAF and Teen. If you start to do more MAF, you do more Teen. And so we're looking forward to that. But again, it's new days in the United States, and we'll give you updates as we go through the year.
John Morici: Bob, this is John. So the couple of positive mix that we talk a lot about, the international growth, we continue to see strong growth internationally. Mandibular advancement in the U.S. contributes overall to our team growth, which are comprehensive cases and those help. And we are also seeing growth on the comprehensive side. So we think those three, we've seen some balance and that's what we would expect for 2019.
John Morici: Yes, Bob. It really starts with some of the manufacturing efficiencies that we expect to get as we start to ramp up in China and continue to ramp up with our treatment planning. We'll see that continue to ramp as we move through the year. We have other products and programs that will also help us from a mix standpoint as well. So we feel really good about how we're -- how we view the year and the expectation of margin improvement throughout the year.
John Morici: Elizabeth, this is John. This is a onetime. I mean, it's -- as the company expands and grows internationally, it's looking at some of the efficiencies that we can gain through that change. And we report numbers on a GAAP basis. We'll continue to do so, but we'll give you highlights as the year goes on as update.
John Morici: Yes, that's the right way to look at it, Jon. So this is 2019 expenses. And these expenses, we think we would have been in the long-term range that we have of 25% to 30% if we didn't have these expenses.
John Morici: Yes. We saw added litigation expenses as we've been going -- as a part of our process that we have on the legal side. There's some added costs that we're showing there. And as Joe said, we added some salespeople, and some of that, those hires and those expenses came into fourth quarter. But we wanted people on the ground and ready to be able to sell and give us volume as soon as possible into 2019. So some of those costs hit there as well.
John Morici: I would say there's nothing that specifically that we're looking at additional promotions or others. We look at the business as various products and new products that come out, changes that we make. We look at promotions to better drive volume and drive uptake across the regions. So they vary by region, but nothing out of the ordinary. And we were pleased to see where ASPs finished and have a good expectation of -- given the positive growth internationally, the positive growth that we see on teens, and we're seeing strong non-comprehensive growth. All that taking into account keeps us flat for ASPs.
John Morici: Yes, Steve. This is John. Yes, 6 months to 9 months is kind of the range you would expect to really start seeing those salespeople that you add once they're fully trained and have their territories and kind of hit. So we should see an acceleration in the second half given the adds that we have. And as we see, we factored in into our guide as much as we can see now based on those adds.
John Morici: Yes. Ravi, it's John. It's not that high. But when we think of our operation that we've had to date, really it's been a -- it's treatment planning in Costa Rica, and it's been manufacturing in Mexico. We are now -- as we've been expanding our treatment planning and now expanding out to China manufacturing, it's -- we want volume. We want to better push volume through those centers and get as much productivity as possible. So as we see some of the volume in -- the margin impact in the fourth quarter, that continues a bit into the fourth quarter. But as that volume comes through and as you don't have to add as much overhead, you see more and more productivity to be able to come through those whether the treatment planning or the China manufacturing. And so we expect to see this kind of quarter-over-quarter of improvement through 2019 as we get more and more productive at these facilities.
John Morici: Yes, definitely. When you look at kind of where we're seeing that volume leverage as we expand out globally, it'll be on the clear aligners side, and we should see that progress through the year.
John Morici: Yes, we have 12 as we noted now. It's really not a material change from that. We're evaluating what's best locations, what makes sense for us. But we really want to drive productivity and conversion at the stores we have before we go on a larger scale.
John Morici: Steve, this is John. It's both. I mean, we want to drive top line. We want to be able to grow this business. As Joe mentioned, we're vastly underpenetrated, and we have products and technology to be able to increase that market. But at the same time, we want to be able to grow profitably. And as we layer on some of these investments, we expect -- whether it's China or sales force addition or others that we're adding in, over time, we'll be able to see those benefits. And that over time, as we laid out, is over 2019. We should see that sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter as those investments start to pay off as we move forward. But we want to make sure that we're returning the most back to our shareholders, and that comes from revenue growth and the volume that we drive as well as doing this from a profitability standpoint. And we're very aware of the long-term growth model, and we stick with that.
John Morici: And so when we look at our forecast and we think about flat ASPs, this is one that helps us. This is a positive move back to our ASPs because it's a full case, it's a teen case, it's complicated. Like Joe said, it gives us more and more teen volume, and we look at that as favorable mix and favorable growth for us.
