John Morici: No, I agree. And that's -- we're driving the growth strategies. As we've said, we've seen that stability in the environment and we're executing against that. 
John Morici: Yes, Jon, this is John. Look, from -- as we talk about the quarter and think about -- we're very pleased with our results in Q1, we saw stability, as Joe mentioned, and that really continued from the end of the year into the quarter, less about month-to-month. I mean it was the stability and then the execution that we had throughout the quarter with our products. 
John Morici: I think that latter point is how I would look at it, Jon. We're making investments. We make investments throughout the year. We get the shorter longer-term investments that we make different returns on whether they're short or long term. But what we see is a stable environment, continued investments in go-to-market activities, we have new products coming. So that helps us accelerate with things that we'll have on the iTero side, as well as IPE and others that Joe talked about, where we really get the approval later in the year. So it's about a stable environment, making investments into that environment and then executing on our growth strategies, and that should give us the benefits that you described in the second half. 
John Morici: That's a fair way to look at it, Jeff. I mean, you would see, given the new products that we have with Lumina and iTero, we'll see a little bit faster growth. We're very pleased with what we saw in the first quarter. Typically in the first quarter, you don't have a sequential gain in revenue from the fourth quarter being an equipment business. So we're very pleased with what we saw there. But then we also look at the Clear Aligner business, and we expect to be able to grow and continue to grow there, both in terms of the investments that we're making in a relatively stable environment and some of the new products that should help supplement that growth. 
John Morici: Yes. What we see, Jeff, is it varies country by control say U.S. is maybe the most -- and I'll combine ortho and GP together, roughly 1/3 of the cases that we see get some type of external financing. Remember, many patients or parents will pay in advance. That's great for doctors. Many doctors, especially orthos will do some type of kind of internal financing where you kind of pay as you go and so on. And many doctors are continuing to do that, especially in the tougher environment. And we're doing things to help doctors to try to give them a little bit more extension in payments so that they can provide and pass that on to their patients as well. And we'll work with DSO partners to really try to help them work with these external companies to try to give better financing rates to try to get these patients to go into treatment.  So we're well aware. We know we can help. We have the balance sheet and the cash to be able to help with our customers, so that they can pass that on. And that's something that we want to keep working towards. 
John Morici: I look at that as more stable. I think there was a lot of things. If you go back to last year, people are really getting a bit of sticker shock in terms of the higher interest rates, when they came to try to go into treatment. I think people are past that.  I think when I see this or what I hear from doctors or see from our customers that it's a little bit more stable. There's not a big change. 
John Morici: Yes. I think we have a core business that we're running. And obviously, there's a certain amount of investment that you have to be able to grow around sales, sales and marketing and the go-to-market activities that we have.  There's also R&D spending that we've had throughout the time. And now as that R&D in the case of acquiring Cubicure and now turning this into more of a platform to be able to build our 3D printing. There's a certain amount of spend that we have. How that lays out, it varies over time that we'll have. But rest assured, we know how to scale products. We know how to scale 3D printing. We'll make the right investments to be able to start scaling up that direct fab printing while making sure that the core business has the right investments for growth, and we'll balance that as we go forward. 
John Morici: And in terms of investments, we make the investments that we need go to market and manufacture and other expansion as we continue to grow. We'll continue those investments. But as we've talked about, not only for the -- now the second quarter when we're talking about that sequential improvement in op margin and what we've talked about in total year where we expect the year-over-year improvement in margin. We're making sure that we're investing with that right amount of profitability. To still be able to grow into our market and expand the opportunity -- expand on the opportunities that we have, but then being respectful in terms of what margin we need to be able to deliver for the company. 
John Morici: Yes, I'll start, Nate. So overall, we went from -- we had talked about mid-single digits, so call it 5% to raising it to the midpoint of 7% on a year-over-year, so up 2 points. And really, that's a reflection of a few things. One is the continued stability that we're seeing. We're operating in an environment that's more stable. We saw that coming into the fourth quarter and now into this quarter as well. So that's good if we want that stability there.  And then you look at the execution that we have about -- on our core business to be able to grow with a lot of the innovations that we have, the promotions and other things that we have as we get into further into teen season, supplemented with the various new products that we talked about. We feel really good about Lumina and the launch that we have on iTero and the further expansion that that can drive as well as some of the new products like IPE and others to really not only help those unit sales there, but then as Joe described, we had to pull in other products around Invisalign First and others to really help drive some of that growth that we can see in the teen business.  So it's a combination of things, Nate, but it's what we're seeing in stability, how we're executing on our core strategies and then some of the new products really supplementing the extended growth to help us. And that's why we adjusted our total year. 
John Morici: Well, and certainly, we are seeing a stronger dollar. So that's something that we talked about when we think about our guide too, we see a stronger dollar coming out of -- out of the first quarter into the second quarter. Our guide reflects that as well.  But then you look at the continued investments that we're making to be able to drive more submitters, more doctors into our ecosystem and then ultimately drive more and more utilization. Some of it's that core business that we have to be able to drive growth. And some of it's some of the new products where there's a certain amount of OpEx spend that we have with that.  But we're being very mindful of what we can do to be able to drive growth. And then what it also means from an operating margin standpoint. And we're delivering that sequential improvement from 1Q to 2Q in operating margin and then talk to the total year of being up on a year-over-year basis. 
John Morici: Erin, this is John. I'll talk a little bit about visibility and guidance. I think what we -- what we enjoy now and what we want to be able to have in an operating environment is more stability, and that stability is there. Markets are open. There's a higher overall higher inflation and interest rates, but people are operating in that environment.  That stability transcends it to other things that we have. We see the Michigan index or other indices that kind of point to that stability. Based on that stability, the investments that we're making, how we're going to market, some of the new products that we have, other things that we know that could, on a core basis, drive our business as well as the new products and initiatives that we have, that's what gives us confidence to be able to have a guidance that we gave for Q2 and what it means for the total year. 
John Morici: Yes, Mike, I'll take that one. Look, DSP is very popular because it really serves the needs that doctors have. They want to be able to buy things kind of the way they want to buy. They want to be able to instead of making things or doing things themselves, they can use our aligners as part of that DSP and be able to treat those touch-up cases.  And we like that, that's incremental for us in terms of what we see there. And they can also then use a lot of the aligners that they have for retention. And that's great too because that's typically incremental volume that we have. So I think when we see us rolling this out, like we said a few years ago, it was U.S. and North America and now into Europe, it continues to do what we expect it to do.  Doctors start. They adopt it more and more because part of their workflow and we see positive volume from that. And in success for projects -- programs like that, we'll continue to expand those out. 
John Morici: I can start with the guidance part of that, Kevin. Look, we use a lot of factors to look at where our guidance is. So we're using data from Q1 and the most recent information. But it goes back to the stability that we've seen. You can see it in a lot of the surveys and other things that a lot of people do, but what we see is that stability, coupled with what we're trying to do to go to market to drive the initiatives we have and the new products that we have. So that's a key part of what we factor in into our guidance. No change from what we normally do. This is how we've come together in terms of a guidance standpoint.  In terms of Heartland, we look at Heartland as this is a great investment from investing in a company that shares a digital orthodontic mindset that we have, to be able to do things in a similar mindset, to be able to expand like they're expanding, to be able to get into markets that in some cases, we don't have much market share with or a big presence there. And they share that same mindset, that expansion.  They've been around for a lot of years as well. With this investment, it's less than 5%. There's no consolidation or anything else that's required. And we'll evaluate going forward on whether there's any mark-to-market that we have to do going forward. But it's a continuation of that investment the expansion that they're doing, and we're pleased with the results that we've seen over the last year. 
Joseph Hogan: And Elizabeth, last thing on your SmileDirectClub comment, them not being advertising like they were before or whatever, we can't attribute any part of the demand equation up or down as part of that. And obviously, that was more pronounced in the United States than it was anywhere else in the world, but I can't attribute any change in the marketplace because of them not advertising at this point in time. 
Joseph Hogan: That's a good question, Ben. I think we -- as we mentioned, it's 20%. And there's -- we don't -- we call them tweens, really. They're young students before they really hit the teen years and have a mature dentition. With Invisalign First and now with IPE, we can handle the 20% that's out there on the Phase I. And some teens just need -- tweens just need dental expansion and some of you really have to split the suture and widen the pallet overall. We feel in both those cases, with IPE and Invisalign First, these are very unique products specific to that area. And we think it will actually make doctors that aren't comfortable with the Phase I, may be even more comfortable now because of the impact on patients is not what it was before when you tried to work these kinds of cases with wires and brackets or higher risk expanders and those kinds of things.  But like anything in the orthodontic community, it takes time. It takes time for acceptance. And the good thing about this is IPE is about a 30- to 35-day kind of an episode. So our feedback loop is really good. You can tell from my transcript also is right now, we're approved in the United States and Canada and recently in ANZ. And right now, we're throttled by the regulatory procedures we have to go throughout the world. So we'll be able to give you more specificity on this brand as we go forward. But as I mentioned in my closing too, we're really excited about that technology. And we didn't tie together the new Lumina scanner has such a broad kind of a bandwidth from a scanning standpoint, it scans that palate that you have to cover with Invisalign First extremely well. So those technologies thread together very well out there. So we're excited about it and more to come. 
Joseph Hogan: Jason, just I'll back up on your question, just to give you a kind of a conceptual view. When you think of Phase I, it's actually been controversial in the orthodontic market for years, some orthodontists don't want to do Phase I because as I mentioned before, the kind of devices that have been used, have been kind of difficult from a consumer standpoint. And so those wait for all permanent dentition and move on to there.  We feel confident that within this Invisalign First now for dental expansion and then for palate expansion or a morphological change, IPE will do that. And we think a little track more orthodontists to begin Phase I treatment, but this is an industry that takes a while for things to bake in and for them to gain confidence and I understand it because you're working with kids' teeth and mouths and their dentition.  But we actually think that a significant amount of growth could come from this area, but we think it will take time, but it's been a great focus for us. And it's going to be interesting to watch how orthodontists in the future actually focus on Phase I, Phase II because these kinds of devices make it simpler for them and for patients in the future. So right now, I can just kind of give you the ground rules on that, that we've changed those roles. In a sense, but I can't project exactly where it's going. 
Joseph Hogan: I'd say we're just in that story. I mean even Invisalign First is used sometimes on more permanent dentition too. So it's hard -- we'd have to split our cases out of Invisalign First is what the age of patients are or whatever. But as we get more data and we really get through with IPE and some more specificity around this, we'll share it with you and the rest of the.... 
Joseph Hogan: And Erin, on the Lumina piece, it's Joe, obviously, is -- as I mentioned in the closing of my script, we're really excited about that technology. We've been working on it for 6 years. It is a true new platform. It's not a derivative of the old confocal imaging platform. And there's really no other scanner in the world that's like that and how we've built it.  So -- and it will take a while for the, I think, the market to absorb that as you have to do this doctor by doctor and place by place. But we've had a very enthusiastic response from the orthodontic community, but also the general dentistry community too, even though we're not completely ready for the restorative piece, and we mentioned it will be the fourth quarter this year we'll have that capability out. It's just the speed of that one, the simplicity of being able to scan, the dimensional tolerances and all that's used in the sense of both comprehensive and orthodontic cases are really unmatched.  So we're excited about that, but we just have to take this thing. We've only had it out now for roughly a couple of months, but we are expecting to have a really strong year, but more importantly, to have that really be the set of standard from a scanner standpoint for the industry going forward. 
Joseph Hogan: Michael, I understand your question. I'd say it's -- we feel it's -- we've seen more stability in that market this year than we have last year. We've always known that the teen segment of that much more solid than the adult segment, but the adult segment held up for us in the quarter 2. And so that aspect of the adults was good for us also.  But I'm very cautious about projecting this market going forward because as you can see with a lot of the surveys that are done, this moves pretty dramatically from month to month. But again, it's not just the United States market we're focused on, the global market has been good for us too in that sense.  So we're going to take this thing a month at a time, but we're confident enough to say this is stable, that we have products in here that are very helpful from an orthodontic standpoint in new, like you mentioned, Lumina and also IPE that gives us more ground to stand on the sense of those orthos. And so we're excited about that. But in no way do I think there's a phase change between what we saw last year and this year in ortho. It's just more stable and we have more continuity is another word that I'd use to describe it. 
