Joe Hogan: Nate, it's a -- if you look at this from a domestic standpoint, you can pull out some signal, but I think you have to when you're asking a demand question like that, you have to look at this globally. And I think like John and I were just clear in our introduction that basically, if you took Asia, COVID-19 impacted us pretty tremendously in Asia. Japan for a little bit in the first part of the quarter in China almost throughout the quarter. So it was really a COVID discussion there, and it's hard to pull a demand signal out. In the United States, I mean, if you look at the data that we do, you'll see from a general practitioner standpoint or whatever, some stability in patient vision to what's going on. Our concern here is, obviously, this is a product where like a cap or a crown or cleaning or something that needs to be done, it's somewhat discretionary. And we see that from an adult standpoint, more variability in adult selection than in teens. Teens have been pretty stable in that way if we talked about before. Moving over to Europe. We're working off 300% growth rates in Europe last year, okay, which you have to internalize that. It's a pretty big comparison year-on-year. And there weren't standard vacations being taken in Europe to the beginning of the end of the second quarter and the third quarter. So overall, I'd say, as you look around the globe, I fee like -- I felt good, as we mentioned in the script, about Q1 versus Q2 and pretty much the same kind of demand pattern. But right now, I can't really give you a trajectory in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, because of the macro environment, concerns again in China from another COVID shutdown and those types of things. I hope that makes sense, Nate.
Joe Hogan: For sure. I mean it's direct correlation there as soon as they let Shanghai open again, we saw it reflected in our order rates there. And look, we continue to feel good about China in a stable market. It's just the dramatic way that China continues to address COVID cases by major cities. This just creates a huge amount of uncertainty as when the next lockdown will be.
Joe Hogan: That's a good question, Elizabeth. Obviously, our sales force -- being a direct sales force is really important to us in that way. And so the way we do this, obviously, as you indicated, we hire a lot of salespeople upfront. We have sales training programs too that help to initiate them as they come into the corporation. But I would tell you, depending on where you are around the globe, there is a six-month and nine-month burn-in period, before you really feel that they're up to speed. They understand the Invisalign system, the digital platform and those types of things. So I would say in some simpler kinds of situations geographically, it could be six months. But in general, it's nine months or so before we have confidence that they're going to be really good on their feet as they talk to our doctors.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Keep in mind, we see a lot more concern from an adult standpoint, when you look year-over-year in the sense of our order growth in adults, I mean it's been affected Elizabeth, and there's a lot of data that we produce that will show you that. On the teen side, it's hard to pull a lot of the second quarter because it really starts in the third quarter. But I felt overall good about it, but again, not surprised because we've always felt that teens have a certain window of time from a treatment standpoint. And so it's not necessarily an emotional purchase in a way, it's usually planned for and anticipated. And -- and what we saw between the second quarter and beginning of the third quarter, it really bears that out.
Joe Hogan: Jon, on the teen side, remember, we kind of lost -- or we had a muted signal on the team side. It needs to be very clear from quarter-to-quarter before COVID. If you remember last year, it was much more muted. This year, we're hoping to see a less muted cycle. And I think we're starting to feel that, Jon. So it's -- I don't think you can look too much between what we're doing between the first quarter and second quarter and pull a clear teen signal out of there. The other thing on teen too is there's always competitive concern with other clear aligner whatever. But basically, this is a wires and brackets competition with us. It's always been and continues to be that way. And in new products that we're launching these teen packs, we feel good about them. They've been -- as I mentioned in my script too, they've been received well. And it's been with the lower-end orthodontics from our standpoint that haven't done a lot of teen cases in the past. And that's a segment that we were fishing for to give them more confidence to be able to move in with teens. So we're not declaring victory, but we feel we have a good product that's timed well. And we're not seeing the cycles in the teen marketplace as we're seeing in the adult marketplace. And obviously, Jon, as we get through the third quarter, we'll have a much better understanding of how we turn out that way. But I didn't pull anything out between the first and the second quarter that concerned me.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. I'll start with the China and move backwards, Jon. And I'll get John involved here, too. But from the China side, obviously, we saw what you published there, whatever, but I looked at Angel numbers, and it basically same thing we experienced. I mean, we experienced a shutdown of Shanghai, slowdowns in some other regions, and there was nothing in those numbers that really surprised me. As I look at China, our ability to compete there. I feel great about it. And again, our investments we've made there in treatment planning and manufacturing. We've only added to that. The efficiency of those organizations have done well. Our product is great for that marketplace, and some of the most difficult cases that we encounter exist there, too. So I feel good about our ability to compete in that market against Angel or anyone else who's there. We just need a stable marketplace that we can operate in, and it hasn't been stable for -- goodness knows, it's been, what, almost two years. And I mean I just read this morning, the Wuhan's looking at the close down. So I mean, Jon, there's a lot of variability there, a concern with COVID and shutdowns, particularly in the second half of this year in China, but I continue to be concerned about that can disrupt the marketplace. But if that stays clear, we're going to have China in the second half that we can operate from. To answer your question, I feel good about our competitive position there, our ability to compete against with anyone.
Joe Hogan: Well, I'd say, Jon, expecting anything in this market might be a sign of a low IQ. When you look at what's going on in China, I'm not going to sit here and tell you I expect a stable market in the second half based on their COVID policies. So I hope -- from the United States standpoint, there's a lot going on trying to explain to the teen market overall outside of China, I feel is the most stable market we have, and the one that we're ready to compete with, and we're moving into seasonality, what really makes a difference. We have -- we're positioned well with products. But as you know, Jon, as well as anybody, that's always been a wires and brackets marketplace. We've been taking share 1.5 points, two points a year. We're hoping some moves we make can make that better, but we'll know a lot more when the third quarter is over in the sense.
Joe Hogan: Just to answer your last part of your question first, Jeff. No, we have a lot of room to grow in the Americas, too. In United States, Canada, but also you have to throw in Latin America and Brazil in that. There's a lot of growth, John and I have ported over these numbers a lot. You know what happens, if you backed these numbers up before really the big surge in orders that we had before, we can draw a line through these things. It doesn't upset us. You have to split orthos and GPs very clearly. Remember, you have some GPs that do like three cases a year. As things kind of slow down, they'll be out of the circulation for a while and then they order another and whatever. And these numbers will go up 81, 1,000, 2,000, we'll see them go up and down. But don't look at this in any way as that we're saturated in this marketplace, both from an orthodontic standpoint and a GP standpoint. Jeff, the other thing too, I think, that people forget from an orthodontic standpoint is that our orthodontists who do teens. These are orthodontists that are really committed to Invisalign for the most part, and they do a lot of teens. But we still have a significant amount of orthodontists at do Invisalign almost exclusively for adults. And so you'll see that whole piece from a utilization standpoint as we increase our team penetration, you should see the utilization rates there improve.
Joe Hogan: I'll answer the UK piece first. The UK was outstanding for us last year. Remember, Europe grew 300% for us last year, Jeff, right? The UK led that. So I'm sure that UK number is higher than what that aggregate number is. And so what you're seeing is adult retrenchment in the UK from an order standpoint, but not an indication of a utilization issue that I'd say, across the doctor base that we have in the UK. John, I don't know… : And just on the China piece or the APAC piece for international. So that was certainly an impact in terms of the lockdowns, and doctors just not being able to transact and therefore, don't have ship to. So the international side of the doctor ship was certainly impacted by COVID. We won't break it out by the sub-regions. But that was an impact that look, as those offices open up, as those lockdowns are minimized, we would expect that to increase from a ship to stand.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. I mean, obviously, obviously, we saw our adults dramatically decreased, and so the return on investment in some specific geographies. John, as I take a look at it, and we don't eliminate it, but we reduce it in accordance with what we think the demand pattern is. And we spread it around into other countries that we feel we can get a higher return on. And we just basically sizing our advertising to what we think the demand patterns are around the business in different areas. And so I wouldn't look at this as any way that we'll continue to advertise aggressively and promote our brand and to drive value in our change to bring customers to our doctor base, but we can be responsible to we can advertise at the rate that we did last year when we were growing at over 100% in a lot of these regions, we have to modify it somewhat in order to address that demand pattern.
Joe Hogan: Yes. I'll let John take a shot at this, too. But I would say, I mean, obviously, you talk about easier comps. I mean when you're comping against 300% growth, like we just talked about, it's one of the tougher comps on a large number I've had in my business career. And so obviously, when you get some light on that line, it helps somewhat. But consumer confidence. I'd say, outside of the COVID, the way I'd look at the business again is COVID affected Asia in a big way. We had some COVID staffing issues or whatever, but predominantly in the West, it's consumer confidence that we look at. And so those consumer confidence numbers start to equalize to start to get better. Some of the ones we look in Europe are all-time lows. I feel that means a lot. It means that means more to meet in those comparisons years from here. We report more confidence in consumers in a trend where in that kind of environment, we think we see the adult cases resume at a pace that we'd be equal to our long-term growth rate.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. No, Jason, that's okay. I look at the United States too is -- I just give you consumer confidence more than anything. Not just saying that there's no big variant issue or something that happens with COVID. We're all kind of have PTSD in that sense and what we experienced over the last two years. But yeah, I like the comparison year-over-year. That's going to be helpful. But those consumer confidence numbers, whether I'm talking about Europe or I'm talking about the States, those are the ones that we stay alluded to that we think are a really good indicator in the sense of our market, and that adult market that we appeal to, both in the GP segment and the adult market in the orthodontic segment, too.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Our normal growth pattern between the second quarter and the third quarter is flat to down 1 percentage point or so. John can confirm that. So the second quarter to third quarter is a big teen season, but there's other parts of our portfolio that kind of balance out with that. It's not traditionally a jump from second to third quarter. But again, we're focused on teens because we feel teens have a lot less elasticity than what adults have right now based on the consumer confidence level. So I just -- but I'd just caution you here. Remember, this is a wires and brackets play. It's something that's systemic that we have worked on for years. We have many new products like Invisalign First, I mean give advancement and several new teen products that help us with this. The new teen packs help also. We think we're well positioned, but we have to get into the quarter and be able to assess how well that market is actually holding up. John, anything...
Joe Hogan: Yes. I'll start with -- I mean, obviously, we had trouble selling scanners in China because China shut down. And China is one of our bigger markets is between China and Japan and Asia. So I didn't look at that so much as and overall market problem, I looked at that as more of a COVID problem. And so hopeful of, as I mentioned before, if that COVID stays clear, that will write itself. United States, just a good job by the team, strong demand there. 5G plus tends to be the really strong scanner out there. On the restorative side, dentists liking the NERI, the near-infrared technology for carries detection and orthodontists continue like the exactness of how our workflows at all from an overall iTero standpoint. So I feel good about the Americas and what the performance was in that piece. And as I mentioned in my script is 40% with a large installed base now, 40% is services, too, which is really helpful in that business overall. And look, I feel good about, again, our scanners in Europe compared to get some pretty big numbers again last year. So I wouldn't be blinded by the year-over-year number in that sense. But Europe has the added pressure right now from a Ukraine standpoint. It's just -- it wears on the consumer sentiment piece. I think it makes docs a little more reluctant in -- but there's -- I feel good about our position in Europe from a scanner standpoint. And as the market hopefully starts to stabilize here, we'll see that business that we had return loans.
Joe Hogan: I'll turn it over to John. But first of all is, remember, we don't carry inventory in this business outside of scanners. So it's a real-time business. We don't have any inventory to reflect from or any -- very little business from a week-to-week standpoint. So I'll move it over to John, but keep that in mind that we, kind of, feel these trends early on both ends. As the economy picks up, we'll probably feel it first. And as it turns down, we feel it by just the nature of the business first.
Joe Hogan: It's Joe. Look, I think you've seen that -- I feel we've been responsible in the sense of adjusting the business to a lower demand signal than the business is used to having. I think you saw us respond the same way when COVID hit in March of in 2020, and how we ran the business. If it gets worse, and it could get worse is the way -- I mean from the standpoint of whatever happens from an economic standpoint. I'd just say that, look, John and I come from businesses where we've been through these cycles. We know how to operate in a down cycle. We run a business that way. This is a growth business, and we'll treat it as a growth business, but we're responsible from a standpoint of making sure that we adjust this business to whatever economic conditions that we see out there.
John Morici: And we should see some of the sequential history that we normally see in our business. It goes to what Joe said that, there's just some unforeseen variables that are still there. If there is a shutdown in China, that will impact our numbers. If there's no shutdown, we should see sequential improvement. And then you have some of the other macro economics that we've talked about in terms of potential recession or other things that people are concerned about, that affects their decisions on whether they go into treatment. But we're watching closer to see how sequentially things are behaving and making investments appropriate based on what we see.
John Morici: And we adjust into the market. So keep the overall brand awareness, keep that averages. Remember, still sudden spending even as we right-size things, hundreds of millions of dollars in marketing and media to be able to go to market, drive that awareness. But then in certain markets, if there's COVID or if there's economic concerns and so on, we're adjusting things to make sure that we right-size and continue to make sure that we make the right trade-off between how we're investing in go-to-market, and continue to reinvest in the rest of the business like R&D and operations.
John Morici: And we're built as a company to really expand into those markets. We've got that global footprint for manufacturing now in all three geographies. We've got treatment planning. We've got that go-to-market sales force -- direct sales force with great products. So we're built in all those markets. We like the dynamics of these markets where you have a growing middle class, big population. You've got people who want to straighten their teeth, and we've got a great way for them to get to that. So all the markets you described as well as many others, those are where we think of some of the investments because it's a great return on those investments.
John Morici: And the piece that I would add to the US is just that as we get into teen season now as we go from Q2 to Q3. Teens will be important to see. We've got great products. We've got great go-to-market opportunities to be able to grow in those markets and get more market share. When we think of teens everywhere in the world, it's single digit and even in the US. So we look at growth opportunities that will be teens, maybe a little bit less of more resistant to maybe some of that consumer concerns that they have. Consumer concerns certainly show up on the adult side, but we think teams can help offset that just a bit because it's less discretionary.
John Morici: It's a balance, both short and long-term. So as we balance out our plans, we look to the growth opportunities we have, we want to make sure we continue to invest in those growth opportunities. But then obviously, we have to be mindful of the current conditions that we're in, and we'll adjust as needed to still maximize the return on investments that we're making.
John Morici: But specifically in the US, US teen, we should see sequential improvement as we get into teen season, going from Q2 to Q3, notwithstanding any occurrences that happened from an economic standpoint, but the expectation is given our products, given the opportunity, given the utilization that we have, we should be able to see growth. Notwithstanding, anything else that gets in our way.
John Morici: Erin, FX, obviously, Q1 to Q2 was a big impact in FX. We see it in the numbers from revenue all the way down to our EPS. I would think of it's tough to forecast where FX is going to go. Certainly, dollar has strengthened. I think you kind of take the numbers that they're at now and kind of play that forward for the rest of the year is how we look at that. I think from an overall ASP standpoint, there's always going to be puts and takes. So we're not doing anything different from a discounting standpoint, how we're going to market and so on. You might have some mix effects that come through. But I take the FX rates kind of as they are now, project those forward and then ASP should be too much different than what you see now notwithstanding any FX.
John Morici: Well, ballpark, I would look at that is about 1 point, maybe just over 1 point of impact. We saw that 1.1 point impact from Q1 to Q2 in op margin. I would kind of look at the full year and about the same.
John Morici: It really comes down to, Kevin, more just having more predictability on a macro basis, understanding you mentioned COVID and thinking that we're through it, then you have China lockdowns or some of the consumer sentiment and things that come up that are outside of our control, we feel very good about being able to control what we can control, making the right investments as we go to market or adding investments in R&D to better our products and so on, and drive that return. And, therefore, like I said, we can manage that 20%, that’s something that we can manage as we go through the quarter. It really comes out to having more predictability on a macro basis. And once we get confidence in that, and we work our way to that understanding, look, the economies are going to do what they're going to do. They're going to go up or down. But if I have more predictability on the direction that they're going and how they're going to go, then we can give a good forecast.
John Morici: And as a result, we've been able to make these adjustments. We're fortunate as a company to have the cash position, the balance sheet that we have and all these other. And in the end, you know the story, we have a huge opportunity to be able to grow. You just have this in our way. And like Joe said, and what many others say is it could get worse. We have to be able to be able to balance those short-term worse to with our long-term goal of being able to make Invisalign the standard of care. And that's what we're balancing right now, and that could play out -- that will play out in the next -- whatever, a year to 18 months, things will evolve. We hope that the economies improve. We hope that that a lot of this has just got a short term and things get better. And when things do get better, we're well positioned to be able to grow into this market, but we just have to be based on the realities of what's happening in short term.
John Morici: Yes. No, it's a good question. So if you think like an overall picture, you hit some of the FX and so on, you look -- everybody can look at FX rates and see the changes and so on, you can project based on those. When you talk about a COVID lockdown or talk specifically in China, there was an impact for us. And we've seen that in the first quarter, we saw it in the second quarter, but it's -- happens in China. It happens in every place that we see where there's a lockdown, we have a reduction in volume. Where that lockdown goes away, the volume starts to come back. So I would say when you think of China, as you go from lockdown to not lockdown, that's favorable for us. We start to see some of the volume come back. And I think when you look at -- I think part of your question is around the US, I think what do you see for the US is it's -- maybe things stabilizing a little bit more. You're not seeing -- maybe it's pretty similar to what we exited Q2 into Q3. And I think when you look at the team benefit that ideally comes through with some of the products and programs that we have in teen in the US and other places, but focus on the US, we think that's helpful for us as we go from Q2 to Q3.
