Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I mean you know how important that teen market is to us, like I talked about in the script of the 21 million case starts and the majority of those 75%, 80% being teen. So I look at that sequential growth in teens is being really positive. Now we did have a good number to compare against, like you said. But when I highlighted in our -- the Invisalign First product line and how well that product is doing overall, and it continues to grow phenomenally throughout the world in all three regions that we have. Our teen packs different business models or plans that we put together, really helps with that piece, too. So Jeff, when you look at our coming technology improvements and products and those kinds of things, they're targeted really well with the teen market also. So the numbers that you mentioned about potential growth and penetration in that marketplace, in line with our investments and where we think we'll go in the marketplace. But let's be honest, it's been -- that's a struggle to get orthodontists to really move on teens. But our top docs are almost exclusively Invisalign across the board. Our job is to bring this new technology out, but also infuse it well within doctors, so they're comfortable with the work practices and comfortable with the clinical outcomes. And I feel we've made really good progress in that area.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. China, obviously, from an economic standpoint, Jeff, it's -- we watch that closely as everybody does, too, but we have to take it as it is right now. And we had a good quarter. We had a good start in the first quarter, too. And so we're seeing good sequential momentum, an improvement in that sense in the business overall. Obviously, when you look at the third quarter, I mean, we all know you watch our stock closely. We know the third quarter is a huge teen market in China, as I mentioned in the script, too. And we're really good on that, but we feel very confident in the sense of our positioning there and where China stands right now. I can't comment on future economic activity there with any more accuracy than you can. But what we've experienced in the second quarter and what we see going into the third, we feel good about it.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, obviously, the Invisalign Palate Expander has come a long way. You probably get -- that we've had some four ways into Canada recently and good feedback on our product line. When we look at the investor conference coming up, we'll obviously give you a much more detailed discussion in the sense of where that product stands, and how we'll commercialize it. But overall, what I'd tell you, John, we know how to make it. We have a process that makes it. Remember, with our business though, just making it doesn't mean anything, you've got to scale this thing to million. And so that's what our focus is right now is how we scale, how we roll this out. There's obviously a lot of regulatory qualifications we have to meet in each area because it's a new device, too, but I feel good about that. And Jon, when you look our development, you know this well, you can almost draw a line between the production of product and then the software that we talked about with the software piece. Obviously, IPE represents both of those, right? It's new software and new kind of treatment planning, but it's actually a 3D-printed device that we haven't launched before. So just think about in the scale-up mode, but when we see you on September 6, we'll have many more details for you.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, back to me is -- yes, you're right. I mean, when you look at from a regional standpoint, EMEA and APAC stood out. Really across the board in EMEA, I mean like I mentioned in my script, had Iberia did well. U.K. did well. The Nordic side, we just introduced DSP and different things. We're excited about those areas, too. So -- and then the teen growth there overall across those geographies was good. So I mean, it's just -- I think just good strong performance. And then when you think about the EMEA economy, too, Jon, I mean last year there was a lot of uncertainty with the Ukraine situation that hasn't gotten any better, but Europeans and the European countries, I think have solidified their economies around that. And just we're seeing some improvement from a consumer sentiment standpoint, too. So that's reflected in our numbers also. On APAC, obviously, China was good year-on-year. Japan actually was very strong for us, too, along with Korea, in different parts of Asia, as I mentioned. So it's still broadly really good improvements in both of those regions by country and also specifically in that teen segment that I mentioned. So we're seeing good improvement Jon, from a sequential standpoint.
Joseph Hogan: Other clarification on your question was whether you put DSP or not, we were up year-over-year in our numbers.
Joseph Hogan: Hey Brandon, in general, when you look at orthodontic workflows, if they're not completely digitized in the sense of what they do and you're kind of in a down cycle right now with orthodontists and their challenge. They feel like on a wire bracket side, they can just make more money with wires and brackets versus Invisalign because the raw material costs are 3.5x. Now if you're fully digitized your workflows and everything else, obviously, you make more money with Invisalign. But I think in these kind of challenging economic times, it's just more difficult to move the orthodontic community over to the clear aligner piece because they're just used to the workflow of what we have with versus wires and brackets. I can say Invisalign First seems to be an exception to that. In the sense of how Phase I kind of patients are treated. That's not a constant when you look at what's going on in the orthodontic industry. But we see a lot more interest in Phase I with Invisalign First than we thought before. I think that's going to help to be a span breaker for us in this whole thing. In the future, there's no doubt to us in the sense that clear aligners of the future, no white spot lesions, obviously six months faster than a normal kind of a treatment, much easier for patients. We know all those things. When you ask what the biggest issues are, they're not basically clinical anymore. It's about workflow, workflow and confidence in orthodontic practice.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I'll give you the high-level view, and I'll turn it over to John, Elizabeth for the ground thing. But I mean, obviously, we had a good second quarter, and we feel we can see through to the third quarter whatever. At that point, too, like we said, with the qualifiers is continued economic situation that we see now, we feel confident just based on what we understand from a cyclical standpoint to be able to call the fourth quarter. And so look, we're still in very difficult economic times and uncertain times. But with the second quarter out of the way and with what we talked about improvement, particularly in a sequential sense, we just felt like I mean we're going to give it to you, you're going to make it up. So we might give the best guess we have. But John can give you more.
Joseph Hogan: Elizabeth, I'd say our sales practices are consistent and dynamic in the same way, consistent in the sense of the number of salespeople we have, how we train those salespeople, how they go to market. We obviously offer different products in different areas. We split up orthodontics salespeople and general dentistry salespeople specifically because it's just a different kind of a call. So there's no I'd say, big change in the sense of how we go to market. And obviously, our iTero sales force works really closely with the Invisalign sales force and overlaps in some areas. But I might be missing your question, but there's no, I'd say, material changes going on from a sales as salespeople, a number of salespeople standpoint and specifically the way we approach the market.
Joseph Hogan: We usually do this about every two years, Michael. It is a really sophisticated algorithm we use to figure that out, but it's about every two years. And we think it's just about time for that, too, from the standpoint of just to reinitiate the investor base in the sense of where we're investing, how we see the marketplace. And just a good summary of a lot of the questions that have been asked.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I wouldn't call it, a bad guy. I think what we tried to communicate was, we have a mix in there that's from a price standpoint. We feel good about our upper-end product line and the prices we're able to get for a 5D Plus and 5D Flex and it's a premier scanner in the marketplace. As you mentioned before and as you know, I mean, there's a certain sensitivity in the marketplace about these kind of capital expenditures in a dental office when a lot of the economics are challenged right now in the orthodontic and in dental side. So we see that. But despite that, you could see we turned really good numbers around. Our CPOs help us to fight on the lower end. CPOs are the certified preowned that allow us to go down market if we have to. And obviously, when you look at the marketplace, it's pretty -- if you have the -- what we would call the confocal imaging scanners, like that we lead with. And then there's products like Metadata whatever they try to take the low end and whatever. But we feel -- I feel good about our capability, our value proposition, and I think our numbers reflect that this quarter and in the past too. So I'm not saying there's not a competitive environment. I just feel we have a superior product line, and then we have a good value stream that we offer from a standpoint of the integration with Invisalign through iTero and then [indiscernible].
John Morici: Yes. Just first on the ASP, Jon. Yes, the comprehensive were down slightly, just a reflection of some of the product mix that we had as well as some of the discounts that we have partially offset by price decrease. So nothing out of the ordinary there, we actually saw an increase on a sequential basis for non-comp. But the comprehensive was just more mix.
John Morici: Yes, I'll take that one, Nate. This is John. When you look at the commentary that we gave, we saw improving trends as we went into the second quarter. We see that in the results. And our guidance reflects that. It shows up in Q3, and it also gives us the confidence to talk to a guide for the total year. So that's how we've kind of factored things in and looking at the normal metrics in indices that help us with that. As far as adult versus teen, as we said, teen season now. We saw good results in Q2, and we expect that to continue in Q3. As we've said, China is a big market, U.S. big market in Q3, and we expect that to continue. And adults important for us, too. We have a lot of capabilities to be able to go to those general dentists and try to work where those adults might be wanting to come into treatment and be able to help provide for them as well as our orthodontists. So we feel good about the efforts that we have to try to improve both teen and adult as we go through this year.
John Morici: Yes. So those touch-up cases, as we talked to those 18,000, those would have been -- those are the touch-up cases that would have been the lower-stage products that we had 5 stage, maybe 7 up to 10, but in that range, 5 to 10, but probably more on the low side of that in terms of the stages. And we see this great adoption with the DSP program, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it doubled from last year. We wanted to give some commentary about how big this is becoming and show them in our kind of our discussion about the year-over-year, and the sequential and so on. And at Investor Day in September, I'll give a lot more detail about kind of where it came from, how it's become more and more important and what it means going forward because we're going to include these cases going forward. But in the end, we see in all cases where we see -- we've seen the DSP program, it drives incremental volume for us. Those doctors continue to do those comprehensive cases that we see, but those doctors are also doing these low stage touch-up cases as well as retention. And we think that's a good thing for our doctors.
John Morici: We're actually seeing DSP as accretive. So we're not seeing -- we're seeing -- fundamentally, we're seeing doctors who were either making them themselves or going to lab or other ways of making the Aligners actually switching over and continuing to give us those comprehensive cases, but then they're also now giving us the DSP cases. Remember, most of DSPs, the majority of DSP is retention, and it's the retention that we're providing. But then a subset of that is these touch-up cases and like I said, about 18,000 or so. And what we've also commented to it would have -- it would have helped us by about 1.5 points on an overall basis. So we reported our volumes up about 0.9%. And they would have been up 1.5 points on that to 2.4%. So it's accretive no matter how we look at it, and it's certainly accretive from a standpoint of the margin that it generates. It's generating some of the highest margin from our product portfolio that we have because the cost to serve is very straightforward for us. There's no additional liners or anything else. So we recognize all the revenue as soon as we ship without additional aligners related to that.
John Morici: Yes look, I can't add much more to that. We've got now a couple good quarters behind us. We've seen stability kind of turning to improving trends. It's a good position to be in. We continue to see that into the third quarter. As Joe said, it's not great, but it's better than it has been from an overall economic standpoint. And so based on the order trends and kind of how things are looking, we felt comfortable about Q3 and translate that to total year as well.
John Morici: Well, I think what we see is in terms of our Q2 to Q3 guide, that is more of a typical seasonality flat to slightly up from Q2 to Q3. So that's -- that is that how that goes going forward. I think given the commentary that we've given just the overall macro uncertainty, we're not ready to say that. We're completely back to normal seasonality. But what we see in the short term here in the guidance that we gave that reflects that.
John Morici: Yes, Jason, you're right. We don't give that level of detail, but we saw more doctors that we ship to in APAC related to China, as you said, and we saw it in other regions as well. So we are pleased with the number of doctors that we're shipping to. It's a reflection of our products. And what they want to do and then as well, being able to be up on a utilization basis is a good metric as well.
John Morici: Yes. We're really not giving -- like -- I don't really want to get into the month-by-month activity. I think the results kind of show where they were, Jason, and then it also kind of reflects what we've been able to give from a guidance standpoint as well. But without getting into months by country and region and so on, it gets a little difficult to give that level of detail. But I think the results that we have for Q2 and what we've talked about how the sequential improvement and what we were able to see on a quarter-over-quarter basis and what it means for the guidance kind of speak to that.
John Morici: I think it's a reflection of just it's freight, but maybe some of the material costs and others that as we manage things, manage our business and we see less inflationary pressure from kind of the raw material/freight and other inputs. And we're always driving productivity. We're always trying to be improve our productivity. We saw that in some of our gross margin improvements, both for clear aligner and the scanner and services. And we'll work to continue to manage it. But seeing some of those pricing pressures, the input pricing pressure come down that continues.
