Joe Hogan: Yes, yes, Nathan, thanks for the question. Look, we just built through the quarter. Every month we saw actually continue to enhance momentum. And the short answer to your question is, we’ve seen that build in October also.
Joe Hogan: Nathan, you’ve known John and me and Shirley long enough. I mean, we’re incredibly enthusiastic about this business and bullish about this business. And you can see we’re even more so as obviously we deliver the kind of results we have in 3Q. I think you always have to keep in mind two things here. One is, we’re in a very volatile environment. We understand that and we’ve done some things. We feel that’s really helped our doctors through this and made the company stronger coming out at the other end. But always remember, we’re completely underpenetrated in this marketplace, right? We’re still less than 10% penetrated from an orthodontic procedure standpoint, let alone those 300 million patients we talk about there that should receive orthodontic treatment that aren’t receiving orthodontic treatment. So we remain incredibly bullish with a digital format to be able to go after those patients and be able to continue to drive the growth of this business.
Joe Hogan: Well, it’s – overall – hey, it’s Joe. I mean, overall, it’s pretty sticky when we buy their wires and brackets inventory back. And then we introduced in the programs like ADAPT and different things that really allow them to begin a digital transformation within their practices. So I feel that part is very sticky. I can’t sit here and naively say that everyone who starts to move digital in this crisis is going to stay digital. But I can tell you that we have the tools, being able to drive consumer demand and consumer awareness and all those things, helps us to maintain that stickiness. And I think over time, we’ll just have to see how sticky it is as we come out of this COVID crisis.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Steve. Steve, I’d tell you, talking to obviously doctors all around the world or whatever. I don’t see that there’s any imminent, a lot of closures in the industry. I mean, there’s frustration with the closures and obviously a lot of disagreement in the sense of when they’re told to close. Fortunately, what we’ve seen with the COVID coming back here in the fall, we haven’t seen the institution of going back and closing these doctors’ offices, which help. I can tell you, Steve, since I’ve been here five years, there’s always a certain segment of the dental industry that is looking to sell or looking to change and get out, but not close down. So I honestly think that there’s still optimism out there. I’ve seen the doctors do a great job in a sense of being able to protect their employees, make sure that they protect their patients and do the things that are needed. I know by reading your material and other materials that we’ve all picked up that most of the doctors are running at 70%, 75% kind of a capacity, but they’re finding a way to make it work. So I’m not looking at any imminent demise in the business in the sense of close downs or anything like that. And I think the offices are getting better and better being able to drive volume through their offices. And again, you know that this is a digital format that we feel that sets a foundation for them to have a much better patient flow through or a much fewer touches in this COVID world, which we hope hopefully will carry over as we move out of this next year.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Well, I think it’s a couple things, Jon. Obviously, COVID has been an added incentive to move people out of analog into digital because of fewer touches and being able to maintain continuity of treatment, even if things are shutdown. So there’s no question, we saw our share of chair increased in that sense. I think also when you see new products like Invisalign First and those things we’ve introduced in the last few years, that’s – as you know well, that’s extended our reach from a HDM point within that specific demographic. That’s helped us also. And I think there’s a combination here of further and further realization of how digital processes and orthodontics really can help, can help be more efficient, but also realization from consumers that it is an offering here that is better than wires and brackets, and more efficient, certainly in this COVID kind of environment. So how do we – how are we certain that we maintain that? Jon, when you look at programs like ADAPT and things, those – that switch over – let’s back up for a second. Jon, five years ago, we were fighting for clinical, I’d say relevancy in this industry. That’s not a question anymore. All the docs – most of the docs out there understand very clearly we can do 80%, 90% of the cases out there. It becomes a business formula. Can we really make money with a digital kind of a system? And those are the programs that we’ve been putting together with doctors with outside experts that can really train doctors as to how digital can work, how can expand their practices and how actually can be more profitable in a digital process. And I’m confident with what we’re building up in that area, we’ll be able to extend that going forward.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Jon, I feel the answer to your question is yes, we have. I mean everything from iTero and really the inside of iTero and the software programs at all in conjunction with iGo that make it much simpler for doctors that haven’t been associated with digital orthodontics before. Our segmented sales force, for sure. I mean, we’ve piloted this in Europe first and somewhat in APAC. So we knew what to expect. We were just fortunate enough to launch it ahead of this issue, ahead of the COVID issue, and they have the salespeople ready to have that touch with customers to make it work. What I’m excited about this, Jon, we have so much more that we can do to make that work also. And I think with a confidence that GPs are having in this kind of a system, it’s a light touch system, it’s a high revenue kind of a product and it’s gaining more attention in that channel. So, yes, I’m really – we’re all thrilled here to see the utilization rates, but it is on the back of those kinds of innovations in distribution and also product that we think we’ve been able to drive it.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think there’s just continuity of investments is the way I’d answer your question. They’re not new investments. We’ll continue to invest in the consumer side, pretty dramatically. You’ll see that we’re doing that all around the world. It’s not just in the United States or Canada. We’re also – you’ll see investments in Europe and also Asia to a degree that we haven’t made before. We have a series of new products that we’re investing in. We kept that momentum in the third quarter and where we hired engineers to keep that moving. And then these specific programs for doctors like ADAPT that we’re talking about, and AIF and different things, they’re really an important part of this because you have to make sure that these workflow changes, and the way ClinCheck works, like ClinCheck Pro and whatever, they have to be introduced to docs and we got to have the high touch kind of a system to give them the confidence in those programs. So it’s a long answer to your question, but I’d say we maintain and enhance what we have been doing is what you’ll see in the fourth quarter and as we go into the first quarter too.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think, obviously, Raj and our marketing team are very innovative and it’s not that we’ll just keep with the same themes. We obviously we run – we run trials, we do different things, we’ll change them up or whatever based on what we’re experiencing in the marketplace. So our investments will continue to be very aggressive. We’ll continue to be innovative in the sense of how we do these things, but we certainly won’t let off the gas in the sense of the focus that we’ve had over the last few quarters.
Joe Hogan: Steve, you asked a big question. I mean, from a backlog standpoint, we really don’t know. When you talk from an empirical standpoint, when you talk to many of our docs, they’ll say they cleared out their backlog in July and August. But this is a global business it’s hard to talk about all over the world where it stands, but – when things came out of lockdown and when they didn’t. So we struggled to be able to quantify a number for you in that sense.
Joe Hogan: Yes, John that’s a good question. Look, I feel great about exocad and obviously when I talked about in the highlights that we just went over is, I mean its digital dentistry on the GP side. You have to go around the world and understand how exocad is, exocad is very embedded in Europe also in various parts of the far-east and in some parts of the United States, but the key is just a digital workflow and it's between iTero France is, it's in a obviously a GPs office and that CAD/CAM piece is either extended in office or primarily it goes to labs. I think it's given us the initial boost that we wanted to in the sense of our relevancy in the GPs office in the sense of an iTero scanner can do these kinds of restorative scans and this kind of restorative workflow. What's really exciting is, when you look at how you can integrate what exocad does in a seamless workflow way with iTero and also Invisalign, it just gives us a lot of degrees of freedom to really change that kind of restorative dentistry. I'm really excited about the progress even in the short amount of time.
Joe Hogan: Well, I mean, obviously we measure ourselves from a penetration rate standpoint overall and we split the market up obviously in teens and adults, ortho versus the general segment with GPs. But if I'm answering your question right, Glen, I mean we have increasing penetration in the utilization we call on different parts of the marketplace. The digital platforms and things that we've put in place are really enhancement to doctors to get on these digital platforms and use the tools and things that we have. So Glen, I think again as I mentioned in the other question on like this is – remember we're still underpenetrated, it really as digital orthodontics has such a long runway, but it is a different workflow for doctors and it's a different expectation from a patient base, understanding you really can use in digital platform in order to move teeth as efficiently or better than wires and brackets and so. It's so important that we have a strong digital platform that unites the workflow between us and doctors, and doctors and patients that you have a breadth of product, everything from Invisalign First, all the way to express and comprehensive products, and retainers and things in between. Sales forces are incredibly important for that penetration, the sense of how you talked – how you touch docs and how you move things forward. So I would say Glen, to answer your question here, there's no magic on this penetration piece. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work and a lot of friction you have to overcome, there's no escaping it, but it's inevitable. Digital is better than analog in a COVID environment or not in a COVID environment. That's our position and that's what we'll continue to drive.
Joe Hogan: This is all about execution with us. It's a – from – I have nothing from an update from a competitive standpoint, really to report. Remember our competition is about expanding the marketplace that is what it's all about. This is not a scrum of a bunch of people making plastic aligners. This is a scrum about what can you do to reduce the friction of getting dentists and orthodontists to move forward in a digital process. It's the growth of this marketplace that is really the material difference here. It's not individual competition in the trenches that we're focused on or concerned about how do we expand the marketplace Glen.
Joe Hogan: Well, you know Richard this is always really – it's hard to always call it, you're asking about the tipping point. And John has a great saying you never know the tipping point until it tips, right. So, but I would tell you that, obviously in the current environment that we have right now, where infection is a concern, digital becomes predominant in that sense of doctors looking at it. But I think another good signal that you can say that this can become more permanent, what's really unusual here is take a look at iTero growing 25%, right. You see capital of goods in a situation like this are going to lag, because doctors aren't going to make that kind of a capital outlay when their businesses are under pressure. And what we saw in this case is iTero grew phenomenally and then what we know, and you see that 93% of the cases in the United States right now for ortho is coming through digitally, when you get an iTero scanner into an office whether it's a GP or ortho they become really committed on the digital piece of want to learn. So I think that kind of demand for iTero scanner, what I call a hurricane right now from a doctor’s cash flow standpoint really shows that they're interested in the sense of this digital transformation and want to stick with it.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Forgive me if I don't answer your question properly, but what I can drive from that is the importance of a sales force versus competition, and then the importance of training. And there's no company in the world that can provide digital training, whether it's virtual or if it's allowed in the future, which it will be obviously face-to-face across a number of platforms that Align can provide. ADAPT is another kind of training, ADAPT is Align Digital and Practice Transformation program that kind of experts that we put in place that understand doctors office workflow and economics, and how we can work through them. Our sales force is, since I've been in this business five years now and I've run sales forces in businesses pretty much my entire adult life. I have never seen such a high touch sales force in my life. The importance of touch with a sales team with those doctors is incredibly important because of how different digital is from a workflow standpoint, a clinical standpoint than what an analog procedure is. So there's no way around that. And then the last part is, maybe we're taking advantage of our competitors or something. And I don't say there in any arrogance or whatever, the competitions, I actually welcome it to a certain extent because it helps to legitimize a digital space. Our job broadly is how do we go and get dentists and orthodontists to move from analog to digital, not so much what the next competitor's product is out there and we're fighting for that extra ounce of share, that's not where we are right now. This is about an expensive marketplace.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Hey Ravi, good question. First of all, when you think of how we got the G8 is, we've done 9 million patients, right. And probably deep bite cases are 30% of those cases and G8’s around deep bite. And when you do deep bite, there's a lot of extrusion in deep bite, now I don’t want to get to clinically into this thing but extrusion means you're pulling the tooth down or pushing a tooth up. And those are the most difficult movements that we make. They're the hardest movements to do. When we talk about IP, it has to be with the specific kind of attachment, it's where you place that attachment. It's that interface of that attachment with the aligner and how the aligner – actually that's what we call it the activated part of this thing. And I'd say do we have IP around that? Sure, we do. Do we have IP around doing a deep bite case? No, but our products are specifically geared to be able to do that. And so we use a lot of AI and machine learning to mine that database to figure out where these deep bite cases weren't finishing as fast as they could be at times. And the new G8 supposed to make this better it's been tried in different areas. And in the end, what it does it gives doctors more confidence to be able to get into those cases and though they can finish them the way they want to finish them and that's the purpose of the product.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Jason. First of all, I can confirm that it's across all channels, all markets. There's nothing really like in sight, it's not with that momentum that we – on iPro Plus, iPro Plus is about just enhancing the ability of doctors that are on iPro to be able to do more enhanced cases. And the feedback is great. We started in Europe, because that's where iPro really started from in a big way. And those are the first doctors that really asked for that. And then as and we've rolled that out in general. And it's really on the back of like the ClinCheck 6.0, the cloud-type-based product that we've done. That's one of the great things about digital platforms because you can expand them to be able to fit specifically in different markets at different times. And that's what iPro Plus really represents. So, I hope that helps, Jason.
John Morici: Hey, Erin, this is John. Yes, the mix that we saw – we talked about some of the dynamics of all those new cases coming in and we saw that. We also talked about not having a price increase given the conditions that we’re in. We’ll evaluate going forward as to any changes we might make in pricing and so on. But I think from a run rate standpoint, this is a good starting point for going forward.
John Morici: Yes, Steve, this is John. I think when you look at being able to train like we can now doing much more virtual being able to have that remote training as well as where you can in person gives us a lot of flexibility going forward to be able to expand out our training. So there’s a lot of new capabilities, a lot of new tools that we’ve introduced this quarter to be able to help our customers and train new customers as well as our sales team be able to reach those. So it’s a key part as you know to our growth and we’re going to continue to find ways to be able to connect with new doctors to be able to get them to understand the benefits of Invisalign and ultimately have them use it more and more to grow.
John Morici: Jon, you’re right. We see momentum building and that continues – it continues that growth from a revenue and a volume standpoint into October.
John Morici: The added piece, Elizabeth, from an investment standpoint is investing in operations to stay ahead of the volume. And making those investments we did so in Q3, we’ll continue to make those investments in Q4.
John Morici: Yes. I think, when you think about what we've seen in terms of the momentum we see we tried to lay that out, obviously there are still unknowns in the world. I would say COVID in the global economy and so on. But for the things that we can control and what we tried to lay out around the R&D investments, in manufacturing, and marketing and sales we feel really good about our momentum and what we can drive in the future. We just have unknowns that are outside of our control and so that's the reason from a guidance standpoint that we didn't give specific guidance. But we wanted to highlight that we've – because our continued momentum as we went through the quarter both for revenue and volume, and that continued past the quarter end.
John Morici: Well, that's a good question. I mean, we do – I don't know how we've communicated that before, but it certainly is a term we use internally here at Align all the time. A lead is just what you would guess it is Brandon and it's a strong lead in the sense of a customer wanting to turn into a patient. And we have several ways of touching that customer they can come through our Invisalign app. They could be contacted by a concierge service. Concierge service can take the information and move it onto a doctor's office, but it's a lead and it's a great leading indicator of the interest of patients out there. And it's, again, one of the major attributes of Align of what we bring to the marketplace is to be able to excite consumers and move them into our doctor partner groups.
John Morici: In China, we saw a good sequential growth, continues to grow. I mean, obviously they were the first ones kind of in the pandemic to starting Q1 we saw some growth in Q2 and significantly more growth in Q3. The manufacturing like you said, is gone live it's now greenfield facility where everything's up and running. We're adding more capacity there to meet our demands. But it was a very smooth transition. We learned a lot from having that temporary facility and learning kind of the manufacturing, the scale up that we needed and that transitioned very well into the new facility.
John Morici: Yes, I think, Jeff if your real question is about utilization being the key metric, I mean, it certainly is, but who has led that, our Diamond and Diamond Plus docs are already having a big digital aspect of what they were doing. We're able to function extremely well in this environment. Remember our virtual care tool that we bought out really six months before we wanted to do it, it wasn't the best tool in the world, but we've made it better over time. Really gave them that digital interface with their patient base that allowed them to be able to track their patients without having come back to the office that was for a certain period of time. So but to say that it was only those practices would be wrong. We saw no matter what tier they were in our advantage program, we saw them reaching for training, wanting to work from a digital standpoint. The orthodontist recognized the advantages of digital during this whole sequence and again, that's why the program and the things that we've had in place, the investments we made or whatever, they were very timely to help to support that interest.
John Morici: No, that is a cost against as a promotion, so it goes against revenue for the bracket buyback in. And we'll evaluate as we do on a normal basis with promotions, what promotions are working, what's driving that right level of utilization and engagement, whether a new doctor to a doctor that does a lot of volume. We did mention that we didn't increase price and that was something that's just a reflection of what's happening in the marketplace. And look we are very pleased with, when you look at Invisalign ASPs that it's 74.7%. We haven't seen that in several quarters. So, we're very aware of the dynamics around promotions and what that drives, but ultimately its driving profitability and we saw great gross margin growth.
John Morici: Hey Ravi, this is John. Good question. When we think about the investments that we make in the – as we've described, the vastly underpenetrated market that we're in, we look at our investments to say, look, we can grow revenue in the 20% to 30% and that's how we think of things. And that's what we think that we can control the investments that we're making to be able to grow in this market to that. We didn't guide to that because there's unknowns outside of what we can control and we've kept it at that. But certainly when we look at investments in this market and the opportunities that we have, we look at those investments with the long-term growth model from a revenue standpoint of 20% to 30%.
John Morici: Yes. I can take that, Michael. This is John. Really when we look at the utilization and the growth that we saw was very broad, it was across GP and ortho. It was across multiple-tiers. We just saw a good adoption of our technology as these practices opened. Patients ask for it by name, doctors used our product. There were many doctors that were higher up on the tiers accelerated their cases. And then even new doctors or doctors that are at lower tiers were able to increase the utilization. So, we're very happy with the results that we saw from newer doctors to more experienced doctors and felt really good about how they were in that recovery mode. As we said, it's tough to understand and break out the piece of how much is pent-up demand versus run rate. But as we went through the quarter, as we said, we got stronger and stronger. So we feel good about the situation that we left Q3 with.
