Joseph Hogan: You know I think you can never negate what traffic, I mean it's important that you have -- store traffic in that senses point of view there. I mean witness what happened to us in the third quarter and obviously from a GP market segment we saw that decline so I think what you're seeing here is, you know GP did come back kind of from a seasonal standpoint we expected that as we indicated in our forecast. So also you see this ortho utilization really picking up in a big way also. So I think those two combined variables but I mean to specifically answer your question, so what traffic goes down 20% in ortho, this is going to affect us in one way or another but a continuation of 2016 into 2017 is what we're projecting when you heard with forecasted -- I think that's why we're still bullish in a sense of as we look at 2017.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think you know, when you -- look Robert, we have some promotional activity but obviously nothing would have been outline as what we've done in the past and fourth quarters except there is one 75% -- $75 bonus that we gave to the orthodontic community that came through Las Vegas. And we saw a pretty big uptick from that thing. And so you know, that hit us a little bit from an ASP standpoint but held volume but then we had some FX and some mix in here also. So it was a good balance in that central [ph].
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I'll take the FX and ASP. You know we've set our plan for 2017 based on current FX rate, so we've adjusted to what we're currently seeing and that's what's in our guidance. And as far as ASPs, we expect them to be flat to slightly up as we plan for 2017 from that standpoint. And then from a spend standpoint we're continuing to invest in our sales and marketing organization and specifically on the marketing on the direct to consumer and really targeting that team market. So it's a continued investment that we're making in 2017. And as we think about this from year to year is, you know we've done the last few years in this business, we really hit the channels hard in a sense of hiring sales people, seeing the international growth that we have. Just to look at our business next year is doing exactly the same thing; we're running the same plays maybe to a higher degree because we have higher momentum and higher volumes to deal with. So real added cost is our team focus these for next year, you know that will be anywhere between $10 million and $14 million but I would say that's the inordinate kind of change from your year that we would have had versus our normal kind of OpEx extension that we feel -- you know, I mean that's why we struggled so much in the first quarter in a sense of it could be lowered all these investments so we can realize those in the second half of the year.
Joseph Hogan: I think you got to look at Q4, Q1 normal list -- you know how -- there is some seasonality in a sense of how we go about things too. So I hope we're answering your question but I know what you're saying is we're probably a little outside of what -- kind of guidance we've given in the past. I'd just take John's comments in this specific momentum but also your understanding of the seasonality that says the Q4 to 1Q is the two main variables and why we're predicting that Q1 to be what it is.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think we've had good reception from a doctor's standpoint Steve. And the data we presented, the clinical evidence was as far as wide smart track, smart force, that you need aspects of our product line that allows us to happen, honestly we feel -- some of the doctors are aggressively pursuing this and it's ones who are really investing in this line in a big way, it's significant. Other ones are more cautious I think in a sense of how they start up and that is part of the tendency of this industry. The last thing I'd say is, it's going to be really important for us as part of our communications to patients is that the availability of this kind of opportunity, I think as patients ask for that as they movie with the GP treatment that you will see a more and more enthusiasm and uptake in that.
Joseph Hogan: John, it's a good question. First of all, this is more of a U.S. kind of phenomenon, that's what to say that other heavy GP markets like the UK or whatever won't go through this dollar consolidation effect. Obviously there are some large DSOs out there from a deal standpoint, we obviously incentivize to drive volume but you know, right now we're not looking at any kind of -- I say material effect in the sense of ASP because you know balance is going other full patients in things that we offer. So as we go forward, we will be continuing to report as how we work with DSOs and how the things are going but did you prepare like a model John for 2017, I wouldn't think that you want to handicap it for DSO pricing.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I mean from a gross margin standpoint I mean we're going to continue to see some FX pressure. ASPs what we expect in the first quarter to be a little bit better than the first quarter due to some of the promotional activity that won't continue from Q4 into Q1. And you know, I think it's -- we haven't -- from a standpoint of planning our pricing for 2017, in the past we've taken is it's price increases in the past couple years we haven't planned that for 2017 yet so that might be something that is further down.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, definitely we had a great backlog coming out of 2015 into 2016 for iTero and that contributed to the significant growth. The backlog is much more normalized growth for an equipment business now for iTero. So for 2017 we expect consistent [ph] growth to maybe a little bit better than Invisalign but certainly not nothing like we saw in 2016 because of the backlog.
Joseph Hogan: When you say bring the leverage back [indiscernible] this happens to the point of the 25 or 30 that -- everyone here wants to get to and what you've got to look for. I'd say John, we're constantly faced here with are actually, really great short-term investments for us to expand this business significantly and an operating expense, it's almost immediately accretive within that year. And so you know what -- I think at some point in time as we become more and more penetrated or over utilization of these markets more spread internationally in a sense when we go internationally, you just don't hire sales people, you have to put infrastructure in place, you have legal firms, so a lot of things you have to put in place that puts this organization together. So I can't tell you that I don't want to start forecasting 2018, 2019 or whatever John but I hope what you see here is an incredibly profitable business that throws out a ton of cash year-in, year-out; we're in the 23%, we're in striking distance for the 25% range. If you want to cut back some of that investment and sacrifice some growth, we can be at 27% tomorrow. We just feel like it's the right thing for this business to keep investing in these. But I would say accretive types of investments, the payback was less than a year to 18 months and you're seeing in our results, you're seeing in the growth. But as we go forward, I'm very confident we're going to reach a 25% to 30% range, it's just -- we will continue to invest to grow and improve that utilization rate where it makes sense for the business.
Joseph Hogan: You know as far as IGo uptake, I mean we saw good uptake in the UK, we're working through Germany; Germany you see has a slower infusion rate than most countries in a sense of how we go about things. We're moving into Australia in that sense and working over to APAC and we will introduce it -- we're beginning to introduce it here in certain regions in the United States. So we'll keep you updated John, I mean we're excited about that product, we do need something for that GP segment, it's simple, it will allows GPs to assimilate this product quickly and see how it's integrates into your workflow. And so you will see us aggressively push that product around the globe in North America as we move in 2017.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I think -- you know, I've been here long enough to be through a few of these first quarters now, I think you know that our first quarter a lot of something that presses up working margin in expenses, that's is a reason how we account for things, we lay in investments for the rest of the year so it's always our most pressured quarter from an operating profit standpoint. So I mean look at that comparison from 4Q to 1Q, that's always a tough comparison in sense of how we're offering. I'll step back, you know, Jeff, I don't mind John's question, in fact I think it's a question that we've always asked ourself here so I never wanted you guys to misinterpret that we will get unsettled for a question like that. I think it's legitimate in something we wrestle [ph] this year. You know as we forecast for next year, you're right, we're keeping our projections for operating profit or you know, it's pretty much flat with what we thought this year. This year it's pretty phenomenal and sensible what we're forecasting. We think that's the right focus for this business right now. You know, look, I'd just say it from respect to the standpoint if I came in closer, we're going to be 18% operating profit for all of the next year because we're doing something -- I'd say that and we'll probably be out of the room or what we will speak of this team but we want to be as close to the edge as we possibly can in making sure we produce good margin and cash for this business and take advantage of all the opportunities we've had and that the balance we hope that we're communicating for you and now we're executing.
Joseph Hogan: Just to answer your question on peso, yes, the dollar strengthening against the peso is favorable for us as of the cost there.
Joseph Hogan: As far as I can't give you any answer but it's not material in the sense of market share in the UK. You know, there entity over in UK, I want the o be certain when those bounce like direct but it's not, it's something to do with this, and is still pretty much [indiscernible] here, just trying to continue with the model that they have in that and hook up with someone in the UK that really wants to try to implement it in the model. And so you know obviously our lawsuit is not exactly what we do but it's extended as we mentioned to the international market and we'll continue to be aggressive in defending our IP.
Joseph Hogan: I'd say it's minimal at first. I mean, we look at India, we're moving in from different places, so I wouldn't look at that as material but I might look at Nordic countries in Europe that we've done that three or four years ago, that's starts to become important. So again, as we talk about moving into new markets just think we have -- we laid out a lot of infrastructure, spend money to put sales people in place and then you start to see almost geometric growth in those areas but that's not what I would say to drive in anyway. Right now the kind of forecast we're getting in for 2017 or what we saw in 2016.
Joseph Hogan: They were good. And we had -- we had -- because we had the issue obviously in the third quarter, they came back pretty strong. You saw the GP in United States from 3.1 to 3.2 utilization standpoint, that might sound small but that's pretty big when you look at it across more than 150,000.
Joseph Hogan: You know, honestly Jeff, I've done this is in other businesses I've been in the moving products and facilities in some locations to others and I'd say over learning here is what I've seen in other areas. One is, you never been just transfer production unit to unit, it's going to be different and have to reflect culture and where you're moving to. So if you look at APAC, we'll probably look at different types of automation in different aspects of that plan because as you know there is a difference than what you have from a labor standpoint in Mexico to do that. I think we're learning that our infrastructure is really a challenge in the sense of the IT piece and I have to have much more flexibility to be able to handle these things and when you get away from a unitary spot and you move to a broader area. But you also understand from our customers, you see the excitement from our customers knowing that things like ClinCheck, or to get closer to with China because we have many interactions for Mandarin, you know, the fact that English that goes between Costa Rica and China and different part of APAC; great excitement from our customer base to really improve that efficiency and to have more of a regional -- kind of a cultural aspect to the business. So those three things aren't a surprise to me but what I really love is how much customers embraced it. And we have flexibility in the sense of how we manufacture products and how we do things in that whole value chain that we talked about between OA and clinical IT and also the fact for using -- disassemble and reassemble those change around these areas to make it better for our customer base and that's a great thing about them.
John Morici: Well, I mean out of everything our production right now is slowly and whereas in Mexico, and 60% of our production goes to North America and 40% goes overseas. Now you're asking me to comment on Trump's comments, I don't know which tweet you want me to address. I'd say all those tweets have different financial scenarios. Part of it also is going to be reduction of the corporate tax rate, it looks like it's come together maybe the 20% range or so; so it's really hard -- it's kind of washed that's been out right now. What I want to give investors' confidence that we're aware of it, and we'll make the new kind of changes from a flexibility standpoint, we could be nimble on what new to be done. But the last thing I'd say is, you know our Mexican facility, I don't want it to be looked as the low cost facility, this is an incredibly high tax credit -- incredibly important aspect to us and so we've invested tons of money over 20 years to bring this as a modern day production facility, it's the biggest 3D printing business in the world. This is really a valuable asset for us and we'll do all we can just to make that asset as productive as possible regardless of what we see.
John Morici: Steve, this is John. I think what we saw -- we saw a very good volume in Q4 and I think that's what led to strong shipments and strong revenue performance in Q4 and we've seen that continue into January and into 2017 that we feel very good about where we're at from a volume standpoint and that's why we've given the Q1 guidance and it helped strengthen where we think we're going to be at for 2017.
John Morici: Yes, sure John. It's very minimal, we're definitely ramping up and growing with the Smile Direct Club but in our numbers it's very, very minimal.
John Morici: On your DSO question, I'd say don't misinterpret my answer on the DSO. You know, the DSOs, they have some pretty good targets in a sense that they could grow; they will get a commensurate kind of discount from Invisalign standpoint. What I'm saying is in the whole mix of products that we have in North America, don't overweight that thing falling down the overall total. But you will see the DSOs can grow aggressively, they will be rewarded for it and so we'll continue to grow that. From an ASP standpoint, I think you have to remember we've got price last year too and that helps us. FX didn't help us in the fourth quarter and that way also so we're playing in a bandwidth here, you know, price increases, FX of $20 or so and I have no idea…
John Morici: Yes, international mix. So I think David continue to guide ASPs that we're pretty much constant from year to year. We still think about that but there is a lot of noises when we think about that from oceans that we do and mix like Shirley mentioned. But we're counting on it pretty level as we go into 2017.
Shirley Stacy: Just a final on Steve, I -- do you recall a few -- the order imbalance that we referenced on the Q3 call that -- you keep in mind right that strength carried over, [indiscernible] which is the received strength obviously carried over as the inventory and backlog, even down in Q4 and that strength obviously has carried over to Q1.
Shirley Stacy: This was actually Steve -- I think you even said something about this on the last earnings call you asked whether this would carry over into Q1 and that's potentially what you're seeing.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Jeff. Well, thank you everyone. This concludes our conference call. We appreciate you taking the time today. Look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences including Leerink and ROTH, as well as the Chicago Midwinter Dental Show at the end of February. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Investor Relations.
