John Morici: Yes, it's a good question, Michael. This is John. Look, when we looked at the total year when and based on what we're seeing now, we see the unfavorable foreign exchange impact. We saw it in Q2 and we continue to see and project that that will continue for the rest of this year. So that's in our outlook. Just over a point of our reduction in our total year is related to foreign exchange. The mix effect that you talked about, that's really the way our customers want to buy. In some cases, they're buying lower price products, it's part of our portfolio. We see that as incremental in cases like doctor subscription program. They're just at a lower ASP. But what we end up seeing then is a better gross margin. Our cost to serve in many cases is lower than that, but it really is a reflection of what doctors want to do with the cases that they buy.
John Morici: Yes. Hi, Elizabeth. Yes, you're right. The Lumina restorative that we expected to launch in the fourth quarter, now the full launch in -- into next year. That revenue was expected for this year. So that's part of the reasoning for taking down our overall guidance, in addition to the FX as I said on the previous question. And then your question on teen, look, we're pleased with our teen growth. We saw good over 8% growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis, 8% growth on a year-over-year basis. We saw good adoption in many places around the world. And it's a further reflection of the various products that we have, the adoption that doctors have. A lot of new doctors coming into the ecosystem to get trained and then actually become customers of ours. So we're pleased with the progress that we're seeing within teen.
John Morici: Yes, We're not getting it directly, but its less than a 1%, slightly less than a percentage of the total.
John Morici: Yes, Jon, when you look at mix that we have, we see doctors utilizing DSP more and more as a record amount of DSP that we had in a quarter that's at a lower ASP. We saw a lot of GP growth. We talked about adult cases being up, and the best volumes that we've seen in several quarters, and many times that's lower stage products, that we end up seeing come through. And so when we see the ASP, it's just a reflection of the different products that are being sold and those doctors are taking those up, at that. But you also know, and we've talked about where margins in many cases are better at those lower stage products, and we end up seeing this as a benefit to be able to see show up in gross margins and also off margins.
John Morici: Yes, Clear Aligner revenue down a little bit for the total year because of the ASPs that we spoke about not necessarily due to any volume changes. Like you said, we are pleased with the Q2 volume that we have. But that’s how we’ve look at the change. Mostly the FX for the total year as we've described, and then some mix, but then the rest of it due to iTero changes from this year to next year.
John Morici: Yes, no, it's a good question. And so as we looked at and as we talk about some of the -- I know ASP gets a focus, but really when you look at the margin that we get on all of these products is as they go to some of the lower stage products, we end up with a better margin. Our cost to serve is lower, which shows up in gross margin and flows its way to op margin. And I think the rest of it as you saw with this quarter from an OpEx standpoint and how we think about the levers that we could pull or not pull, we're very mindful of that in this environment and want to be able to deliver as much volume and as much top line as we can, but be very mindful of the operating profit that we need to deliver.
John Morici: Hey Jeff, it's a good question. We have a lot of faith in Emory. He's been here for so long and he's the only guy that's ever scaled, aligners to the point, that he has. And so it's really fun to have him in this role because he gives us great feedback in a sense of where we are. Jeff, the best I can say what we've talked about with the analyst is we're looking at 2 to 3 years on this scale. And don't think of it as a linear line. This is one where you have to do a lot of equipment work at first to get the efficiencies, to have this equipment work 24/7. And then secondly, this is a brand new resin [ph], it's never been sourced before. And so finding the source of the resin, making sure you have the reactor capacity, all those things take time. So I look at over the next year, we do a lot of that groundwork and then you'll start to see products and different things that will roll from that. So, but it's best to fix in your mind that it's a 2 to 3 year kind of a rollup.
John Morici: Yes, Brandon, this is John. I could take the question kind of on the remaining part of this year and so on. So we've guided to what we can see, based on how the quarter played out. We actually saw in the second quarter. I mean, I'm not saying it's a return to normal seasonality, but it was much more seasonal in the second quarter in terms of how our volume progressed and how it changed quarter-over-quarter to more normal seasonality. And so our reflection of what we tried to do for the rest of this year based on what we see. In terms of volume, takeout FX and some of that noise that gets caught into Q2. But from a underlying volume standpoint, we saw, um, more normal seasonality. And as we play out the rest of this year, we expect that to continue with teen season that comes in, that we're in now. China in the third quarter is a strong quarter for them because of team season, Europe, not so much. We expect that to, uh, play out more normally as it moves from Q3 to Q4. When we think of the total and looking out into 3 years, and so look, we're in an underpenetrated market and we've talked about a lot about that. We think we have the products and the go-to-market capabilities to really move this market forward. And it's up to us to be able to help drive this market forward. And when we look out and we look out in our long-term model, we believe in, in the opportunity revenue growth is 25% plus percent and up margin 25% plus. And that's how we are positioning things for growth, for whether it's Direct Fab, and the growth opportunities that we have there and the efficiencies that we can drive as well as the standard production that we have now. That's how we're building from an investment standpoint. We're mindful of changes that can happen short-term and economy and so on. And that's why we give you kind of the guidance that we have, at least now in short term, but in longer term we believe in, in our model. And, and that's how we're investing in the future.
John Morici: Yes, that's a good, great question, Jason. I look at -- just to answer it a couple different ways, because I think one is like on the advantage you brought up, that's really a reflection of trying to put some structure, a little added structure to our Advantage program where many of our promotions we're trying to get to. And in the end for an Advantage program is trying to get new doctors in, give them a progression of, how they can get discounts as they do more and more cases drive utilization. So that's, that's good for new doctors, that's good for existing doctors. So the Advantage changes really we're trying to put more structure into that, into the second half and then carrying forward because they really had better refreshed, like, what we've got now. But it's all about driving utilization, getting doctors to do more and more cases. Programs like we're testing or piloting with a Costco is really just trying to drive more conversion. Find ways where those consumers or those potential patients are out there, they're shopping around, they're looking at, you see the economy, you see inflation, you see other things. We know those potential patients are out there. We just have to find ways to be able to connect them with a great product that we have with our customers, with our doctors. And Costco is an example of that, that we'll test and we'll see. But it's really that specifically is designed around conversion drive as much conversion as we can.
John Morici: And that adult piece we saw growth. We saw highest quarter in many quarters. So we're pleased with it. I think it's a reflection of our GP business, growing GPs, growing with DSOs and so on being able to, to get some of that volume through. Like Joe said, it's more of a stability that we're seeing, but we're pleased with that adult growth. And some of that contributes to some of that lower ASP product. It's great if that's how doctors want to buy to be able to treat those adults, we're happy to sell it to them. And as Joe said, it -- it's a better margin for us.
Jonathan Block: Hey, Joe, good afternoon. Yes, where to start? Everyone was nervous about cases and then you come in and you beat cases handling, and obviously the focus is going to be on the ASP. So John, maybe let me know if I have these numbers right. But it looks like the aligner ASP was down roughly 4% Q-over-Q. The FX hit was about a 1%. So can you talk in detail as much as possible, the other 3% decline in the ASP Q-over-Q, if I've got that right, it seems like a big deviation from where your head was at 3 months ago. How much of it was mix versus discounts? And if it was a lot of mix, why did mix become so pronounced over the past 3 months? And maybe we can start there please.
Jonathan Block: Okay. So I, I guess to maybe just as a follow-up to that, are you saying that discounts weren't more aggressive, call it in 2Q '24 than maybe what we've seen historical? And just tack on to that follow-up, you brought down the midpoint of the rev guide from about 7% to 5%. You said FX was a 1%, you said the GP restorative push on Lumina was slightly less than 1%. I mean, are you sort of implying that clear aligner revenue by and large for 2024 is somewhat unchanged or maybe down a smidge and, and then I'll ask my quicker follow-up. Thanks.
Jonathan Block: Okay. And last question for me. I guess online, just John, if I've got this right, it looks like the revenue comes down a little bit, the midpoint, but I believe the non-GAAP EBIT margins came up slightly, I think before it was like flat to slightly up, and now you're saying slightly up. So maybe just talk through the dynamics where you're able to arguably increase the non-GAAP EBITDA margin assumption for '24 even off the more modest revenue base. And thanks for the time, guys.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, Joe. First of all, we're pleased with that. It's good to see a utilization go up. It's also great to see the doctors go up too. And obviously there's a strong concerted effort. We talk about that underserved marketplace out there and we know there's still a lot of doctors to train and there's still doctors do a lot more cases. So it's a big focus for the business. When you ask that question, are we loser in fewer or gaining few? There's always a mix and a change in those kinds of things, Jeff. But overall you can see here that we're gaining, it's not saying that we don't lose some docs sometimes, but you know, we often bring them back too. The whole story with what we've been through as competitors have entered the marketplaces, sometimes we'll lose some doctors, they often come back and one of the things about our business too, sometimes it takes 18 months for doctors to figure out if those competitive cases are actually going to work. And obviously I think we’re -- we're making good progress in the sense of convincing doctors to move ahead with us. And this growth in doctors and utilization occurred across the globe, which is great. It wasn't like it just came out of one region.
Joe Hogan: Yes, on the teen side, Jason as I said in my script, and we were pleased with the team growth. It was over 8%, which is great to see. A lot of that was supported by Asia and also Europe when you really got to get into team numbers. Again, IPE is part of that. It's -- we look at that as obviously pre-teen and we watching the ramp up of that, that is obviously pre-teen and we were watching the ramp up of that and the acceptance in the marketplace. So hope I'm answering your question, but overall, we feel good about the team now. There's a big team season in China in the third quarter, we're watching it closely. We expect be able to perform in that side too. So I'm optimistic as it stands.
Joe Hogan: Hey Michael, it's Joe. Look, I think the ASP piece to try to explain as much as we can is, we're always staring at the margin side to make sure that our margins are good. We find out that all over the world, I mean, if you're in India, they ask for a different product and they ask in the United States at different areas, and some people want a 5x5, someone want 3x3, all these things are different products for different kinds of applications. And GPs [indiscernible] at times too. So what we're seeing and there's varying ASPs on it, but we always have -- you see, our margins have actually moved up on that. So you're seeing not necessarily the market just driving price down, you're just seeing us having a variation of options that customers or doctors want around the world and making sure that we supply those well. One -- we talk about 25,000 cases came through DSP. Remember, those are cases that, that doctors used to mold these things in their offices in order to address those, right. And now they're buying three or four of ours now, yes, we're getting great margin on that product line, but overall it's a lower ASP in that sense as part of the DSP program. So what you're seeing is just us responding to a market. It's a good market out there with varying degrees of price and value, and you'll see us continue to do that in order to grow the marketplace.
Joe Hogan: Yes, Michael, well, there's like five areas of restorative that you have to be very good at as you go through this. And truth of reviews, we made extremely good progress on most of them. But we just -- we wanted to take a little extra time to make sure we get this right and we want to make sure that we run it through our doctors who are actually going to use it, the luminaries out there that help to promote the product and make sure that they're comfortable with it too. So we just feel it's diligent and responsible to make sure that we take a few more months here, launch it in the first quarter so that we have the world's best product.
Joe Hogan: Aaron, we -- I mean, we had that in our script and we talk about it as we're expecting stability. I mean, obviously not stability and exchange rates, right? We can't, we're not that smart. We'd be working somewhere else if we knew exchange that well. But as far as the market overall and how we want to go about it, we still feel we're dealing in a stable environment. The last thing I'll say about this, this is a very global business. You saw that the Japanese yen, Brazilian real, the business is growing substantially that way, and there's a certain amount of stability that we have that plays across geographies too.
Joe Hogan: It's Joe again, Erin. China performed the way we wanted China to perform, just as we predicted. Overall, I mean, the market is challenging. I think that Tier 3 and 4 cities are actually challenged more than the private and one and twos. But overall there's no surprise we have a good team there. Juno [ph] is a great leader for us there and we like the results and we're looking forward to a good team quarter there, which is third quarter is always the biggest quarter for China.
