Joseph Hogan: Jason, it's Joe. First of all, I think we have a more stable macroeconomic environment. Mean obviously, 2022 was pretty unprecedented when you think about China situation, Ukraine situation in Europe, the rapid increase federal reserve rates that really put the economy in a lot of ways. So I mean we're working from a better platform in that sense.  And I think, obviously, Powell's comments today and 0.25 increase in all. I mean it shows a little bit of confidence on the Fed's partners and what they're seeing and what they're directing to. So I'd just say, Jason, from a broad standpoint, we feel really good about our portfolio. We feel good about the technology we talk about and all those things. We're just looking for a stable platform from an economic standpoint to operate from.
Joseph Hogan: Jason, that's a great question. First of all, I mean, doctors are doing what they think are in their best financial interest and from a patient standpoint, too. A stronger economic environment will help in that sense, because they'll have a higher patient traffic and the trade-off won't be as severe in that sense because of the patient throughput. But where we help us in technology and that's why we emphasize the technology developments and the investments that we're making that are really significant as we launch in this year. And like I talked about with just software alone to pick one in the sense of being able to move patients through faster being able to have doctors really do cases a lot faster before with our products like IPP in different areas.  So those technology advancements are really important. And then how we put those together in business models like our digital subscription programs really help doctors get over that line, too. So I feel we have a good format to be able to address that going forward. But again, I'll emphasize, we need a market that we can stand on in the sense and predict.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, first of all, on the front end with the Western economies is we just see stability. That's what we talked about. That's what we see versus before we saw the market falling away from us. So right now, we see it being stable. And feel better about that point. On China, I mean, uncertainty in China is incredible when you think about billion people being sick there right now or have been sick over the last couple of weeks. And Jeff, I refuse to give a forecast over a number of quarters now because a lot of it has to do with the uncertainty that we see in China and specifically, which our second biggest market in the world.  So I don't want to try to forecast China right now. I can tell you now it's a blur for us and very difficult, but just we feel good about where we stand with EMEA and the States from a stability standpoint. We try to reflect as much in our words, what we see for the first quarter for you, too.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jeff, that's a good question. The Desktop Metals is primarily we think about a restorative play, how labs play a huge role and restore a dentistry with general dentists. I mean, they're really strong partners in that sense. What Desktop Metal represents is you see a lot of 3D printing going on. There's some really great resin development around restorative types of things, dentures, different areas the Desktop Metal leads in and our iTero scanner can really help with that, too.  Also, we have a vision of ortho restorative where you use our orthodontic procedures in order to reduce the amount of tooth loss mass that often comes with restorative procedures, too, that we'll work together with Desktop about. The idea of printing aligners and standard types of STL kind of processes from a 3D standpoint. I don't see that. And honestly, Jeff, I'm not one to think that doctors should turn their offices into production facilities. 3D printing is hard. The materials are difficult. There's a lot of doctors actually trying it, but I feel like doctors are much better being physicians and doctors in that sense than trying to run a manufacturing operation.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, I just think there are some things that kind of make sense from a productivity standpoint and some things that don't. Maybe the technology changes to the point, Jeff, will have a different conversation. But as it stands today, I really don't believe that.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, that's a good question. When you think about it, we have -- we're an elective procedure, right? And so someone is going to go to an orthodontist on a procedure like this to have teeth straighten. With the GP dentist, there is patient traffic there constantly with cleaning and restorations and different things. And so just it's an area right now where -- since it's not just elective procedures there, we feel GPs are just seeing more patients than an ortho would when you compare period to period.
Joseph Hogan: And John, on the OM guide and the confidence is related to what we see right now and what we think is some macro trends that are much more stable than what we've experienced before. So from that, we understand our costs, and we know what we have give and take. And John and I watch it closely and we obviously manage it as a percentage of the total revenues are 2. So revenues have to adjust. We have to adjust to. But again, I think we know what the levers are in this business. And within the context of stability, we feel we can manage to the numbers that we've given.
Joseph Hogan: Nathan, overall, obviously, we do spend a significant amount on R&D in the business. And the foundation of that is the history of Align because basically we realize we're a revolutionized digital orthodontics overall. But what we see is it's not just invention for inventions sake, we're always after, how can we do these cases faster, how do we do them more predictably, how do we make it simpler for doctors, a better treatment for patients overall and experience? And just to give you one statistic, right? So versus wires and brackets, which you talked about in the script.  On an average, we do patient cases 5 months fast and 35% fewer visits to a doctor. And you do that from technology, right? You do that through remote monitoring, you do that through the consistency of your algorithms and moving teeth and knowing when those seats are going to land as long as patients were. And so the technology I talked about in those 3 areas, first of all, whether it's scanning, we get better on scanning every year. AI is a real important part of that because through AI, you can anticipate a lot of things move these scans through a lot faster. Inventions last year like IPP, Invisalign Personal Plan, those kinds of technologies really reduce the traffic and communications between a doctor and us in the sense of setting up treatment plans.  And lastly, 3D printed devices, as I mentioned, has always been the holy grail because we're the biggest 3D printer in the world, but we don't really 3D print devices, we print molds, which you vacuum form over top of it. When you vacuum-form over top of a mold, you can't control wall thickness as you can in 3D printing. And all think this is really critical to move teeth. So all these inventions take a lot of time and money overall, but we just see a huge opportunity for us to be able to increase clinical efficacy, efficiency for doctors and patient experience, and that's why we're so excited about it.
Joseph Hogan: If I get the question right, Nathan, I mean, EMEA was great, both adults and teens. We felt good about it. They came -- you always go around, I call it, the dark side of the moon in Europe in the third quarter, right? But when they came out from the third quarter, we had a good fourth quarter from that. And so we felt good on both the adult side and the teen side in Europe.
Joseph Hogan: I mean, doctors both on the orthodontic side and on the GP side. I mean, obviously, you're right about that. And obviously, we expand a lot globally, too. So everything you said is true. I'll just give you one word on your questions on China. China is China is like -- it's down. We ship the thousands of doctors in China, we can't ship to right now. And that's the answer to your question since why it's gone down. There's no systemic overall issue in the sense of us being penetrated to the point that we can't buy more doctors, it's just we can't escape the downdraft of China right now.
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, when we look at things, we're a real-time business, obviously, when you have 3D freebies like we do what we make. And there's no leading indicator that would say it hasn't or squared of overnight, 90%. But what we watch closely are the consumer confidence indices in the States and Europe where we can get good wins. Now they're more confirming than they are predictive in what we're seeing but they reflect the, I think, best from a demand standpoint of what we can expect in the consumer confidence indices that we see both in Europe and the States have flattened out or turned slightly positive in the last month or so.
Joseph Hogan: It's Joe, on the DSP program, originally, that was targeted primarily at retainers or orthodontists because a lot of orthodontists are making their own retainers in the back room and picking up for wires and brackets. And so we signed up, we also obviously do the touch-up cases with that too is 10 aligners less. That's worked out well. And we -- I think what you're referring to in the end is that's a subscription program to the doctor but we also have a subscription program we offer from the doctor through the patients, and we're implementing that now. There's a lot of enthusiasm from our doctors about that because it becomes a reoccurring revenue stream for them that they haven't many of them haven't tapped into before. And so we feel good about that. And we'll be working closely with our doctors to implement that more fully this year.
Joseph Hogan: On China, BPP, I mean, obviously, that program over there, we talked about it several times, it's in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. It's really not in the middle of our portfolio. It was picked up by some Chinese competitors. We're primarily private over there. We will sell the public hospitals. The program is not exclusive in that sense, too. So may we feel like we can manage in China right now around this fine.
John Morici: Yes, I think what we always look at, Elizabeth, this is John. We're always looking at trying to find the right return on investment. So as you see some of the markets stabilize and start to come back that we see, that's where we'll continue to make investments. And as we see volumes come back, we'll invest even more. Like we talked about some of the stability in Americas and EMEA.  So we'll also look at trying to find the right return on investment. And as those markets stabilize and come back, you'll see us continue to invest in there. And as we said, last year, we kind of had to pair some of that back based on the conditions. And ideally, we could be in a better situation where we can make additional investments this year.
John Morici: That's a good way to look at it, John, because you're going to have some cases that kind of carry over where they kind of order them and they get shipped a little bit later. And then you're right, you're going to have some mix shift between the 3x3, which is kind of the same price and then the full comprehensive. So 2% to 3% in that first quarter is about in that range. Okay. Go ahead, Jon.
John Morici: Yes, I'll take the modeling question, John. Yes, you would expect that just like we have in maybe prior years and so on, as you start to get that volume leverage, you'll start to see some of that margin improvement as you go throughout the year. So kind of starts at that lower point and you would model it to see some improvement as you go through the year. And like we said, total year slightly above the 20%.
John Morici: And your equation is right. It's new doctors, doctors ship to as well as utilization. That is -- those are 2 key metrics that help us grow our business.
John Morici: Yes, it's a good question. I mean we would expect as we start to see demand as it stabilized as things change in the world and give us a better operating environment, we would expect to see some sequential improvement in revenue as you go through the year. And that would help us get some of the leverage that we need from an op margin standpoint.
John Morici: I can start on the volume. I mean we would expect -- we're watching a lot of the signals closely. We tried to give more color around Q1 and the rest of the year will play out as things as things in the world change to the situation. So we'll watch volume closely. But like I said, we would expect some sequential improvement as you go forward through the year. But -- we're not getting into the specifics of what it is for total.
