Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. While our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook reflect weaker consumer sentiment and increased headwinds including foreign exchange, Align is in a unique position to continue driving the digital revolution in the dental industry to help doctors transform and grow their practices with invisalign clear aligners, Itero Scanners and Align digital platform. We are very excited about the recent innovations developed to further revolutionize digital treatment planning for Orthodontics and also restore to dentistry by providing doctors with greater flexibility, real time treatment plan modification capabilities, and digital solutions to help improve practice productivity and patient experience, which are even more important to our customers in the current environment. This includes clincheck live update for 3D controls invisalign practice App, invisalign personal plan or IPP, Invisalign Smile Architect, Itero exocad [ph] connector Invisalign Outcome Simulator pro and invisalign virtual Care AI software. These digital tools are continuing to gain adoption and help doctors gain efficiencies. In Q3 Clincheck Live Update was used by 41,000 doctors on more than 560,000 cases, reducing time spent and modifying treatment by 21%. Invisalign Practice app is now actively used by about 87,000 doctors, with over 5.2 million photos uploaded during the quarter via the Practice app. In addition, we will launch Invisalign Pallet expander or IPE system in Canada this quarter. IP is our first direct printed orthodontic device that provides a safe, comfortable, and clinically effective alternative to metal paddled, expanders and boosts our market opportunity in the teen market by addressing a portion of cases we couldn't otherwise treat without IPE. In summary, we're committed to balancing our investments in near and long term growth drivers while delivering improved operating margin as we navigate one of the most challenging operating environments in recent history with increasing macroeconomic pressure on doctors and their patients, we have an enormous opportunity to continue driving adoption of digital orthodontics and restorative dentistry and a responsibility to optimize our investments for the current environment. Before turning the call over for questions, I'd like to address the war in the Middle East and our Itero scanner business. The situation continues to evolve and is very fluid. We are monitoring developments closely. Our singular focus at this stage is on the safety and security of our employees and their families and our doctors and their staff and patients. Align offices and scanner manufacturing facility in Israel are currently open and operating. While we hope the situation will improve, we're preparing mitigation plans to ensure business continuity and we'll update our customers and other stakeholders as needed. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Joseph Hogan: When you look at the fourth quarter and the way we have done our forecast overall, we felt great about teens in the third quarter and what we reported to, but adults were really highly affected. And when you run through the fourth quarter, it's primarily an adult season for us. And China is a big teen season in the third quarter, too. When you look at the gauge data for September and what we see in October so far, and even some of the consumer profiles around how they're feeling about their finances and all, we've basically just projected what we've seen in September forward to the fourth quarter.
Joseph Hogan: We were happy to see that change and the gauge data that showed wires and brackets going down and competitive aligners going down and us going up. But you can't draw a line through one dot. We feel good again about the technology and all that. We're presenting the Efficiencies and all we're offering to Orthodontists, and we think that's a good stimulant in that sense. But right now, we're going to have to take this thing quarter to quarter.
Joseph Hogan: Hey, John, it's a good question that's one of the things we talk about obviously here is with what we presented at the Investors conference and the new technology that we're offering, those are areas that we can really expand what we call our penetration in the marketplace and control a certain amount of our destiny. I think you know as well as know we can't fight a market from a down standpoint in the sense of that that won't affect us in some way. I would throw DSP into that whole question also because you see the continued growth in DSP and I'd say a business model change. And so those kinds of things, I feel like we can drive more demand in the marketplace as we get into 2024. I just can't preclude what that consumer sentiment is going to look like at that point in time, but it certainly gives us also the efficiency gains that we show through the software that I just talked about in my script, too, with different orthodontists that seem to be taking hold and you pick up in your surveys also, John. So we do feel good about that. It's just the uncertainty of this marketplace and it obviously surprised us coming out of the third quarter. We're going to have to get through this quarter, and as we go into 2024, we can be more specific about what we think, what that opportunity is.
Joseph Hogan: Yeah. John, you know, third quarter is I call, our most non linear quarter, and it's the most difficult to predict. And it's because it know three major components to it. One is obviously the seasonality of our European business because of the vacation base or whatever, and the way that comes back is not always consistent. And in this case, it did not come back in the way that we had hoped it would. Secondly is you count on a big China teen market. And we did well in China, I feel, from a growth standpoint, but it wasn't to a point that it could offset a slower rebound overall from a European standpoint. And the last thing is, in the United States, that lack of adult cases I mean, we did well on teen that lack of adult cases when we went into September was really felt. And so it's those three key variables that I think, is how we came out of this differently than what we anticipated as we went in.
Joseph Hogan: As far as the teenage patients, again, we're really pleased with the growth that we saw in teens, and it's a very important teen season. I think the teens perform extremely well. We saw strength across every geography. We saw in Europe. We saw in North America. We also saw it in China. I think our portfolio helps us a lot invisalign first. We led with that. Remember, those are patients that are anywhere between six and ten years old. We really have terrific results in those areas, but also with permanent dentition. We saw some good growth, too. So overall, I feel like it's a strong indication in the sense that we're hitting the dot, in the sense of where we want to with those specific consumers, and through the advertising programs that I talked about and also through our digital platform and then the specific products, like invisalign first and then IPE that rolls into Canada. And then more broadly as we move into 2024.
Joseph Hogan: I think when you look at things, Nathan, like we said, teen showed up well in the third quarter. We're pleased with that. Seasonally comes down in the fourth quarter. And based on what we saw in September and so far in October, I think you would expect to see adults down as well.
Joseph Hogan: Remember, third quarter is a big teen quarter, but adults are obviously a large component of that. We saw that adult phenomenon in North America, but we saw it across each geography.
Joseph Hogan: First of all, when you go back to 2020 that you referenced, and we did power through that personally, what I looked at that is I looked at that as not an economic issue. That was obviously a pandemic kind of an issue and I think I anticipated it have a clear beginning and a clear end. And so in that sense, I think it's easier to make that decision, whether that's right or wrong, with that kind of a thought process in mind. In this case, we're seeing unprecedented change from an economic standpoint. We're seeing consumer sentiment down. I mean, I'll have to go through all the economic data. You probably know this better than me, so there's a lot of uncertainty there. But I don't want to be misinterpreted that we're going to disadvantage this company in a rebound. No way. We're going to make sure that we're responsible in the sense of the resources and the restructuring that John talked about, too. We're going to make sure that we're well positioned in the key areas, too, that if we have a rebound, we'll be able to respond with the right kind of capacity and the right kind of product. So I feel like we're balancing that well right now.
Joseph Hogan: Mike, I appreciate the question, but as far as price goes, we wouldn't make an announcement until our doctors really know in that sense, and we're still working through 2024.
John Morici: Hey, Elizabeth, this is John. So as we go through our planning process, like we do every year, we're prioritizing investments that we can continue to invest to be able to help grow the business. So we look at some R&D and some of the investments we make. We have a lot of new products coming to market, as we've talked about at Investor Day. We want to preserve that flow of products. We want to make sure we're properly reaching our customers so we prioritize some of the sales and go to market activities that we have around that. But we're looking at all parts of the business to say, okay, what can we adjust? What can we make adjustments to still deliver on our priorities that we have as a business to help try to grow with the means that we've seen, but then also deliver the profitability and being able to see this margin accretion. We've seen that all year as we've gone through. And essentially what we're calling for in the fourth quarter is the continuation of that margin accretion. And that's just through a combination of just looking at those investments and making sure that we properly invest for the future.
John Morici: Back to know we're producing over there right now. I don't give you this. It's a reasonable amount of capacity. I've had other businesses in Israel at times like this, too. Not this bad. But in those situations, I feel like where it is now, we can manage it. As we talked about in the script, if the things get worse, the war over there. We can't guarantee what we have. But we have a terrific team there, very dedicated team. They're working both sides of the angle right now. We're bringing in materials. We're converting those materials, we're shipping those out. So the business is operating fine right now, but we have to just wait in the upcoming weeks and see what develops on their homeland.
John Morici: And just on the fourth quarter, Aaron really taking what we see in September continues into October, and we assume that things don't get better than what we saw in September. So it's a tough macro environment. There's less orthodontic case starts, lower patient traffic. And so we factor in all those based on what we saw, and that's what our projection is for. Q four.
John Morici: So we'll see the benefit that we've seen all year to be able to see that operating margin improvement. But as Joe said, we're prioritizing our investments. We look at this time as we finalize our plan for next year. But we have got a lot of technology coming and we want to make sure that we're properly invested there as well as being able to deliver like we can on an margin basis.
John Morici: When we talked about down sequentially on Op margin, that was on a GAAP basis. We have some of the restructuring and other things that include we expect sequential improvement on a non-GAAP basis from Q3 to Q4. And we didn't give specific gross margin guidance, but we're working to try to make sure that we work on our gross margin as well. But right now we've kind of given the guidance down to our margin.
