Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Jack (29:59), it's Joe. I'd say the definitive answer to your question is absolutely not. We obviously watch that closely to make sure that we primarily focus on where the focus needs to be by sales rep. And I'd also just take a difference with your initial comment as I think the overall Aligner market continues to be strong. We had little bit of a speed bump in third quarter from an order standpoint. It's mainly GPs, low-submitting GPs that we've talked about before. But overall, in the forecast that we've given you for fourth quarter and fortunately given the timing of the call today, we get a good clear October look. We're very confident to be on the upper-end of our 15% to 25% revenue growth that we've been indicating over the last 18 months or so.
Joseph M. Hogan: Steve, just to back up on it. Yeah, we expect that to stabilize in the fourth quarter. That's why we called the shipment rates that we've been calling for you too. If I interpreted the second part of your question is as we move into 2017, should we be on a stronger footing in the sense of a backlog, that's our plan.
Joseph M. Hogan: Correct, Steve. It will naturally return to its nominal levels this quarter as our case volumes recover – case receipt volumes recover and as we're seeing early in the quarter so far.
Joseph M. Hogan: I'll let David join in on this too. I wouldn't call these any macroeconomic effects as far as what we're seeing right now. Your comment about bleeding over into ortho, we had record utilization rates in ortho, up significantly. I think it's 9.9% to 11.1% in the quarter. So it shows terrific continued growth in ortho utilization with our product line. So we feel broadly this is a GP blip. This has been talked about in the marketplace in the third quarter that we saw in North America across the board, not just with Invisalign but with the dental market in general. But, again, our October order rates indicate that we're on track with the kind of growth we experienced in the second quarter of this year. And we think that will continue to – go ahead.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Jon, it's Joe. Look, I think honestly the provider reaction to this was anticipated. I think you picked it up in your analysis, too, with the 100 orthodontists or so that you do. Many orthodontists aren't happy with this. Many of them understand why we did it. I think they feel good about it not being Invisalign, that it's GX30 (37:52) and it's a lip roll kind of a system and not a gingiva cut. That it's just really a complete offtake of what the product that they were using before. Jon, so I think overall I haven't been surprised with the reaction. We haven't seen a response in the market that would be negative in some way. We're sitting here at the Ortho Summit, so we'll get on the ground feel here this week. But I would say overall good, because I think frankly there's an understanding in the marketplace of what we did and how we did this. That doesn't mean there's not a lot of passion about a doctor-directed kind of virtual model that exists out there. But we feel the response has been in line with what we had anticipated.
Joseph M. Hogan: John, I prefer not to give any more 2017 comments, but I think you can tell from my comments we're optimistic about 2017. We'll leave this year I mean obviously above guidance of what we gave you in 2016. Our international growth has been tremendous. Our ortho utilization numbers are good. Coming up next year we have several programs with GP in North America that we think will address some of the weakness that we've experienced. Invisalign Go that we've put in place is a big one, some of our key opinion leaders and how they go about the GP market right now has really been incredibly successful. Our TFM model that we're employing here in the United States not just in the ortho channel but the GP channel also, also gives us confidence that we can maintain that kind of momentum. But outside of that, I don't care to talk about any numbers and specifics, John.
Joseph M. Hogan: No, not really. Richard, we appreciate you wanting to fill out your spreadsheet for next year. We're trying to give you as broad a guidance and positive guidance as we can. But to really start to nail those specifics wouldn't be in line with the kind of information we normally devolve.
Joseph M. Hogan: Richard, basically GPs don't want to be orthos. They haven't been trained in tooth movements and when you look at products like we have, like ClinCheck and our full case assessments and those things, they are, as much as we want to make them, they are very sophisticated products. It's almost like using 90% of PowerPoint, which most people can't. And so with GPs what we have to do is build their confidence in the sense that they can look at a case and quickly say, I can do this case and I can do it well for my patient or I can't, and just in a short kind of a statement that's what Invisalign Go is. You can scan that patient or take a photo of that patient, we'll quickly assess that, we'll tell that particular GP if they can actually handle that case. If they can, we can quickly work up a case assessment and give it to the customer while they're in the chair. It's a substantial difference than trying to in two days teach an ortho, I mean, a GP how to do ortho work, which is very difficult. We feel we can really integrate into a GP practice much more simply by making less complexity in a sense the way we do case assessments and the burden it would place on a GP to take that kind of burden. I hope that makes sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, from an order rate standpoint, Jeff, we feel we'll be in that range in the fourth quarter. So as we move into the first quarter of next year, we feel that way and that is why I'm quoting, as you mentioned, Clear Aligners. This is not mixing Clear Aligners with the Scanner business.
Joseph M. Hogan: The 20% that we're talking about is overall for the Clear Aligner business, is what we see right now in October for the entire business. We're seeing better North America performance than what we saw in the third quarter. I haven't specifically referenced if that was GP or ortho.
David L. White: Yeah, Brandon, just to add a little color to that. When we look at our GP doctors by segment in terms of the case volume that they do, the doctors that are fully engaged with Invisalign have incorporated into their practices are typically less susceptible to softness in the market because their practice have been built really around – Invisalign has become such an integral part of their practice that they typically are on the offense in terms of business development. It's really more the lower-tier doctors that are still quite dabbling in Invisalign, haven't quite changed their practice flows and so forth. And so when we see an overall softening in the market, it tends to be those doctors that tend to be the first to pull back. And when we look at the Q3, that's precisely where we saw it, really those doctors that are at the lower volume levels.
David L. White: Well, I hope it won't. We had a very successful implementation in July. We did have some delays in invoicing a few customers, and we're working through those right now and expect to have those worked out. When we sell to 30,000-plus customers at a time, it doesn't take very many to influence that DSO. And one of the things with most customers is when a sales tax rate or a VAT rate is incorrect, you typically wind up having to rebill the customer at the correct VAT rate or sales tax rate and then the clock starts all over again. And so we're generally up against that issue right there and we think over the next couple quarters it will be behind us.
David L. White: And, Jon, to your second part of the question, really SDC didn't really impact any of our thinking as it relates to the Q4 guidance. When you look at our year-over-year growth that has been baked into our guidance, it really comes to two factors: one, which has to do with a renormalization of our backlog, if you call it that, coming off of Q3, a weaker case receipts; and then secondly, when you look at a year ago, Q4 of 2015, that quarter was up 25% year-over-year and up 9% quarter-over-quarter. And so it was just a rock-solid quarter for us. And so I think when you look at the compare quarter-over-quarter, I think you're seeing a comp there that's also having some bearing on it.
David L. White: Yeah. So back to that question, Jon, on SDC, very minimal revenue in our outlook this quarter for SDC. We really just got off, started in the middle of October. We're taking this very slowly as we integrate into their practice. So really a minimal consideration in the revenue guidance we gave for Q4. Very small. Going back to the Scanner, I just want to highlight one other thing about our Scanner business. There's two components to that business, one of which has to do with the sale of the hardware itself, the equipment, but then secondly the ongoing revenue that we recognize associated with maintenance and subscriptions and so forth. That revenue grows in proportion to our installed base, and as you've seen this year, our Scanner growth rate from a unit standpoint is quite significant. So the installed base is building actually quite nicely. And so that's going to form a nice foundation I think for the Scanner business going into 2017.
David L. White: So, John, it really began showing itself up in early July, and at the time when we were seeing it, we were thinking it just might be early seasonality. Even though we know that Q3 is a seasonally weaker quarter for GPs, a seasonally stronger quarter for ortho, particularly Teens, weaker seasonally EMEA, et cetera, that seasonality tends to move. And so sometimes it'll show up earlier or later. So in early July, we thought it was more just simply an earlier seasonality, and what wound up happening was it wound up being more seasonally weak, you might say, across almost the entire quarter.
David L. White: Yeah. When we get to the January earnings call for reporting year-end results we'll be glad to throw some meat on the bones, so to speak, to kind of describe our outlook into the year. But suffice it to say at this point, I think Joe's comments earlier about revenue growth and so forth and our long-term range, et cetera should suffice.
David L. White: Okay. So, for a couple of things, one, as it relates to Clear Aligner, our – well, more about ASPs, which will impact that. ASPs are affected by product mix, and our low stage products are very heavily concentrated or more so concentrated, you might say, from a mix standpoint in our EMEA region than the rest of our business. And so since Q3 was a seasonally weaker quarter for EMEA and Q4 is seasonally stronger, that mix of low stage product is going enter into the equation and is going to influence the ASPs this next year, it will go up. That mix is going to go up by 1 plus points quarter-over-quarter and that will have some bearing on it. And then secondly, you've got doctors – this is the end of the advantage period for many of our doctors, and so as those doctors begin to get close to or approximate the next tier of their pricing, they'll begin to see lower prices, even this year early as they're running towards that December 31 date. So those two things right there are bringing down the ASP and bringing down very, very modestly the gross margin at the same time.
David L. White: So Bob, our factory basically fabricates aligners on a first-in first-out basis and without really much respect for where those aligners come from. And so when we talk about our case receipts increasing this quarter and our backlog and factory WIP returning to a more normalized level, that cuts across all regions of our business. And so whatever dampening effect it has, it is across all regions. So that's part of the reason.
David L. White: On the case receipt side though, international is very strong and it continues to be strong. Nothing's really changed there on the case receipt side.
