Tom Prescott: Thanks David. We’re extremely pleased that we’ve seen strong performance in all regions getting us off to a good start to the year. In every direction we look, our strategy is working well. In market expansion as our continued investments in go-to-market initiatives delivered volume growth from better coverage and support. In product innovation the adoption growth continue to be driven by our innovation cycle for both Invisalign and our scanner technology. In brand strength as we reached more and more consumers hoping them connect with the right practice ensuring they get a great Invisalign treatment experience. The significant growth initiatives we discussed during our year-end call including our expectations from most of the impact showing up in our second half results. While we’re pleased to see some of the positive impact early in the we do expect to see continued progress throughout 2015 as more of Align’s key initiatives begin a great leverage in the business. There is never an ideal time for our company to have change in the CEO but there are better times to make this important transition in new leadership. As figure today there is clear evidence of our solid execution of Align’s winning strategy demonstrating continued and sustainable progress for the business. We have a strong leadership team and great talent across the Align organization. The Company has outstanding prospects for continues growth in revenue and earnings and expect to be a market leader for the long-term, so while there's never an ideal time this is certainly not a bad time to make this change. After 13 years of leading this company and following a well executed succession plan this is a good time for me to step aside effective June 1. I'm extremely pleased to welcome Joe Hogan as the new President of Align Technology. Joe is a rare leader with a talent for building great teams and winning the race with a passion for customers and their patients, with the intellectual curiosity to challenge and accelerate our pace of innovation and the leadership experience to ensure this company is a market leader for the long term. We are lucky to land him as our new CEO and he is even more excited about the opportunity to roll up his sleeves and get to work at this unique business. As for me I'm very pleased to remain on Align's board where I will do my best to help Align flourish for many years to come. I thank you for your commitment to the company as shareholders. For your own sense of vision about what this one struggling Silicon Valley startup could become. I've enjoyed getting to know many of you and I've done my best in leading our team as we build substantial shareholder value. And on a happy note when I'll be signing off as your CEO in a month or so, before you let me out of here I guess have a few questions for David and me and the quarter and for Joe at what he saw to attract him here to Align. Let's get that started, operator.
Tom Prescott: Great question and I think the right touchstone is to remember that's the Omnicam starting with a pretty darn small install base to begin with and mostly all GP dentists and most of which do not do Invisalign today, so it does give us an opportunity to recruit, great attractive practices or if they're small Invisalign customers you need to grow them but we're talking small number of thousands of units not the bigger part of the Sirona install base. Longer term Sirona is a terrific company they're doing a great job and I think they intentionally turned their install base over to Omnicam’s more and that will make that opportunity bigger but let’s just say start small and do the same things we’ve done with 3M True Definition, ensure that the customer has the best utility possible and we can make sure we deliver our great Invisalign experience help the practice grow, help the patients benefit, so same approach, we'll just keep moving forward.
Tom Prescott: I'd say yes. I don't mean to be flip but I wish we could be very clear about exactly what the quantitative drivers were, we know that when practice flow is steady and perhaps growing a little bit and procedures, procedure mix is positive for higher value procedures we do better than most and we certainly I would say steady to improving conditions as we exited '14 and went into '15. Secondly and I'll reach back to our call at the end of year, we were already in motion on most of these initiatives both on the consumer side and the product side and on a go to market side so while we think of this model generally as more backend loaded for impact in leverage we were already seeing some positive feedback from customer in Q3 and Q4 as we started to making these changes. A better coverage, more effective coverage, better support for the practices generally means could things happen. So it’s early and it’s way too early to call victory here. But we think our improving capabilities and better coverage alongside solid market is good news. We still project continued impact throughout the year as we normally see.
Tom Prescott: Well, put this clearly I’ll let David come to ASPs specifics. We have series of program the reps have no attitude at deals or anything else. We have a very organized system of promotions we put in place usually a quarter or two in advance and those are fairly consistent and we have the advantage program which is the way we basically manage price. So there is no kind of field based management of this per say, I’ll let David maybe talk about some mix and few other issues that contributed to some of that ASP, none of which in our mind is negative.
Tom Prescott: If I can pile on for a second, if you think about that for minute we had great expansion in ortho and some kind of say new improving traction with GP. When we get more high volume doctors do more volume through the Advantage program, you’re going to see a little that in ASP. There was also a little bit of mix on the Express side, Express shift, Express mix stayed steady but little more in Express 5. But in general nothing unusual going on and all the directions are good.
Tom Prescott: Well, it goes right to the point of why we are pursuing this open systems approach within our operability. One is channel have to be capable, each of our partners have had to go into investing into software and tuning their systems to work with what the very prescribed for Invisalign and the Omnicam has met that standard and they rollout their 1.1 software we’ll be able to get cases. What we would expect is whether there are low volume Invisalign user today having to do impressions PBS impressions to sent it in, that are to be a positive. Very few GPs and especially a bigger office using CEREC for example is doing a huge amount of Invisalign because they’ve got such busy practice already. So we’re in addition to their practice we are not mean the main street part of their practice. This gives them an opportunity to me way more efficient to lower their cost and for the patient to be a whole lot happier. All of those things point to increase utilization. The result is never is significant as when you have a very high volume ortho that nearly switches over the scanners where it really removes friction, it’s very visible. So it does give us a great hunting license to go earn a bigger share of mine and share of practice being in more relevant and that’s the case whether it’s iTero or that’s the case whether it’s definition 3M’s True Definition, and it will be the case for Omnicam. So I think overtime our commitment is to work with each of these other players to ensure that we can deliver that great customers experience where patients are happy, docs are happy, we do that right we're going to get increased adoption growth in each of these accounts overtime.
Tom Prescott: So one of the phenomena about our business has to do with the training events that go on from period-to-period and in periods when we have more training events than other periods our margins tend to fluctuate in the down direction or in the up direction, depends on whether those training events are increasing or decreasing. And so when you look from Q4 to Q1 the training events were down in Q1 and we’re anticipating they're going to back up in Q2. And that certainly has some influence on it, when you look at the Q2 guidance part of it is foreign exchange rates have moved another five points on us since the last, well since Q1 average and so that has obviously some bearing on the margin guidance with we gave for Q2.
Tom Prescott: David's the one providing the guidance I'll turn it over to him but I'll start by saying that all the elements we talked about that we tested during fiscal year '14 and pretty much had in place. We were getting good feedback and we said it was very early in the year at the end of January to see but we’re getting good feedback from customers that they felt that coverage had improved, our responsiveness was improving, we were in better position to help them be successful in their practices I'd say the maturation of things like deep bite and some of the initiatives we've been working on for a while, all those things kind of start to come together with a great consumer program so pleased that there are innovation cycle, coverage and go-to-market adjustments around the world and now in North America a little more, and consumer programs kind of work together and again actually the back drop is reasonably healthy market but we've been reasonably comfortable that we're on the right track, again the tide can go out a little bit but I think we're going to do better than most, I'll David come back and comment specifically on the framework he provided for the year.
Tom Prescott: Jeff, that’s a really good question. In my career I have had to understand the operations and be part of operations or whatever. One of the reason I’m here is because I love growth and I love businesses have potential to grow and obviously investment in growth is really important thing I think when you listen to Tom and David I smile because you can see good input and output ratio in the sense what investments are being made here and the consequential growth you can get in about very shorter period of time. And so it’s hopefully you can see in the sense of the business that works and I like things that work in the business and what leadership pull and how things work. Secondly from a cost standpoint I am a guy who want to understand cost and make sure that we do make investments that they are good investments you just don’t take that for granted and you also need to diligent around cost really understand where it’s going in. And often from a portfolio standpoint you might want to make some move something from part of the business and other part so you actually growing more. So I don’t think it’s a liability at all that I understand operations and enjoy operations but look at in the sense of just from the standpoint of cost saving cost. It’s just an allocation of capital and resources and where that best goes in the business in the point in time.
Tom Prescott: It’s specifically Jeff regarding the Express promotion we implemented that in the middle of the quarter and then you have to recognize that it’s going to take a while before doctors are going to get engage with that promotion it’s going to take a while for them to get patients in the seat to get them to treatment planning. Get treatment planning approved. Fabricate the aligners et cetera. So we only saw a small impact of Express 5 really during Q1. We are continuing that promotion in the Q2. So to the extent that has some impact on ASPs we think it will be relatively modest and I’d say the other thing is that objective with the Express 5 promotion is to drive adoption and we kind of view the Express 5 promotion as a way to increase the bonds that we would otherwise done as a company in any of that. So we see Express 5 promotion really as incremental. To the extent it was widely successful which we certainly hope for. That would have some impact on ASPs but we’re not expecting it to be that meaningful.
Tom Prescott: If I add to that I’ll point you back to what I said earlier, this is about really getting progress in regular adoption by the course customer group we want Orthos and GPs that have made a big part of their practice and when that happen they get a little better pricing. There is little more of our total volume going to advantage and we would expect the little bit of them move on ASP down. So that’s a really good of that because we’re most efficient covering those customers versus bringing a very low volume customer along with a very low leverage in the go-to market model. So we’ve always been very willing to have that volume impact for fairly modest ASP decline. So that’s in more mindset progress.
Tom Prescott: I'm going to get in front of David for one reason, this was not a going away gift for me, this is the way the business evolves in trying to meet customer needs, it's really-really simple and the way the volume flowed through the quarter was pretty linear but it was just -- to meet our kind of, our standard requirements we wanted to get those cases out. We're not trying to micromanage that and again we had some work to do while we were coming out with this news on me, I'll let David talk.
Tom Prescott: Glen I don’t know I really got an update for your I think when we gave the outlook for the year and as you see our first quarter results and our guidance for Q2 I think you can see the uplift in our operating expenses I think you can assume that most of that uplift has to do with new investments. We talk about sleep apnea in Q1. We talked about the investments in the sales force in go-to-market coverage et cetera. Those investments are all P&L investments. So I think it’s pretty transparent when you look at our Q1 results and our guidance that those investments are proceedings as we indicated and I think they will continue to proceed throughout the balance of the year as we continue to plant seeds for the future direction and the growth of business.
Tom Prescott: Glen it’s a good question honestly my due diligence was almost with a huge receive from Top and rest of the team and looking at what’s going on. If you look at the R&D investment the number of patterns and -- if you look at the sequential technology capability that Align is really shown to these investments starting with relatively simple kind of liners through the years becoming more and more capable of doing more difficult cases I think shows that overall the initial exploration was patterns in two years forward, just more through this in just a couple of patterns coming off respect to this success here almost been done. So obviously, in my life, I have been associated with lot IP particularly with GE Medical and GE Healthcare. I understand the impact of customer preference also market channeling, skill, all of those things as it relates to IP2. When I look at Align I see there is much more going on here than just a pattern coming off over the next couple years and this sets the momentum with the opportunities to -- that’s not in the gate what that might need from the competitive standpoint that everyone has competition, competition should make you better and company should be able to respond in that too and I think Align has shown that they can do that. As I take over for Tom and we work as a team. We’ll continue to focus on customers. We’ll continue to invest in R&D. We continue to scale globally and I think that’s going to help that whole equation a lot.
David White: Rob, ASPs on a worldwide basis for the quarter were primarily influenced by foreign exchange so we continue to believe that as we treat more complex cases as our international business continues to grow we believe that our worldwide ASP should trend slightly up over the foreseeing future. Periodically we are going to see little volatility in that from quarter-to-quarter basis just depend upon how that mix land. This last quarter our international business is pretty flat quarter-to-quarter seasonally and so as a result our ASPs that we typically sell under here in North America influence that worldwide number a little bit more in what they would have otherwise.
David White: We only disclose what the North America ASPs were so I’m not sure how you’re backing into that. But we didn’t do anything fundamentally to change ASPs here in North America during the quarter. 
David White: But Chris if I could add that we had increased volumes in the business, we had good performance of management of direct cost by the team, so we've seen where we put volume in this business it shows up in a variety of ways.
David White: Yes, so Chris when we gave the framework back in January and so forth we had obviously a lot of lifting to do against the foreign exchange headwinds and so forth we had a lot of investments we were making to hopefully drive top line in not only the long term but certainly in the short term and you may recall in our comments I think we might even have mentioned something that effect here early in the call that we expect to see more of our growth coming in the second half of the year. Some of those investments we can take hold. So as we think about the year in totality we feel like we gotten up to a great start and sitting April feeling good about that but we also know we have a lot of works still got ahead of us to deliver the full year results that we give you the outlook on just couple of months ago.
David White: I think the press release, I don't know the exact wording in it, Jon but I think it said we expected to be slightly above the high-end of our range and I guess you can define what slightly means but you know the only other alternative would have been to put a number out there and we just didn’t feel that was the right thing to do but you know I think we gave you the best guidance we could in terms of the appropriateness of what we put in the press release before we're ready to close out the financials and talk about it a few weeks later.
David White: I think that's a four part question Jon, let me start first with the whole logic for being in open systems. Simply stated it's better for our customers. No one wants to have to redesign, start over, buy multiple pieces of equipment if they can have greatest utility from a scanner by the way, with this open systems we still sell more standalone scanner than anybody else, so we're doing pretty well even as we're opening up Invisalign which would be an advantage for our iTero team to sell our own scanner so we believe what we hear from our customers is they don't want to be forced to buy a system from you for the pleasure of offering Invisalign to their patients and other therapies we may have down the road, so we feel actually very strongly. To the point of paying Sirona this is really about value creation right for our customer, most buyers of scanners say they want to make sure the scanner can do a therapy like Invisalign so if anybody was going to pay it ought to be the other way around and to exclusivity we think that if everybody brings a different story to the market you know Sirona has a great product offering with the stored up dentistry, Patterson carries a lot of products, they're focused for that. There's no reason, we don’t really directly compete with them there's no reason for us not to act in complementary ways because it's good for the customer, so in our minds we don't need to own the channel we don’t to have exclusivity in fact we want probably more high quality scanners that can make it easier to do Invisalign and other chair side procedures that we have unique capability to fulfill. So I think, well I'd point to the opposite direction there's more benefit from giving a customer what they want at a lower cost and great utility over time than anything else.
David White: So Jon our operating model that we’ve been targeting and striving to achieve for some time, it's certainly influenced by a lot of variables, FX being just one of them, we still -- and I think we demonstrated the leverage we get out of our business model in the last year 2014 being the first year that we actually landed results inside that model. And so we do get leverage from growth and growth is the best strategy for growing out of the headwinds we're getting from FX. And so while those headwinds may set us back a little bit while we try and readjust our business and so forth, I think the great thing about our business is the fact that it's growing and as we continue to grow particularly on the international side we believe we can grow out of those currency headwinds so we don't see any reason to update our model, I think it's still, it’s a long term model, it's still aspirational in some respects and we still feel pretty strongly about the potential of the business to grow into again even with the headwinds.
