Joseph Hogan: Thanks John and thanks to those of you joining our call today. Overall, 2019 was a great year for Align and I'm very pleased with the strong performance for both our Invisalign and iTero businesses. Not only did we celebrate our 22nd year in business but we also achieved several major milestones including our 8 millionth Invisalign patient, 2.4 billion in revenue for the first time. As we kickoff 2020, we're very concerned for the safety and health of our employees, customers, doctors, and their patients in China. The wellbeing is our top priority and we are doing what we can to ensure that they are on good hands. We're working with our local teams to donate medical supplies and provide funding to help combat the outbreak. Like SARS in 2003, the corona virus is already having a major impact on China and may expand to other countries around the world. I saw and experienced this impact as the CEO of [GE] Healthcare. We expect that like SARS emerged before it, in time the virus will be addressed, the markets will assume an equilibrium and our business in China will continue to grow. The timing of this is uncertain but the future growth opportunity for our business in China is certain. While we are mindful of the increased uncertainty in China and its impact on our Q1 outlook, it's important to take a step back and remember that our business is broad and deep. We have a strong growth in other regions and are seeing strong momentum in the Americas, across EMEA and an in all other countries and APAC especially Japan, Australia and New Zealand, South-East Asia, Taiwan, and Korea. In closing, I want to share with you a few thought of you regarding the future of our industry. Never before I have seen an amount of change in products, technology, distribution channels and business models. Align has always believed that the market opportunity for clear aligners is significantly larger than the underlying orthodontic case starts each year. We believe that over 300 million people want a better smile and the best way to access that potential patients is through doctors. Using a digital approach with iTero scanners and the Invisalign system. Our partnership with doctors is a critical part of how we win with consumers and we will continue to insist that patients visit a doctor in person for Invisalign treatment. If I could leave you with one thing is that Align is not just a provider of the best clear aligner in the industry and our clear aligner is not just a piece of plastic. Align is founded on digital, IT data, artificial intelligence, software, algorithms, digital scanning and 3D printing. We are the largest mass customized business the world has ever seen. Each Invisalign aligner is the output of millions of lines of code in 1000s of digital actions that allow us to ship 0.5 million customized Class II medical devices a day. As a digital leader, we must continue to provide doctors with the best technology and tools to help them treat any patient. In 2020, we expect to bring several new products and systems and services to market. But we must provide more than just individual products. In digital, you pick a platform not a product. You pick a company you believe in for the long-term. Digital dentistry is being driven by products like iTero scanners and Invisalign clear aligners. And we believe our digital platform is setting the foundation for the future of dentistry. Aligner and doctor partners are sitting on the edge of one of the biggest areas of growth that dentistry has ever seen. And we are excited about what this means for our business and continued growth prospects in 2020 and beyond as we continue to transform smiles and change lives. With that, I want to thank you again for joining the call. I look forward to updating you on our progress. As the year unfolds, we'll see many of you at the Chicago Mid-Winter Meeting next month as well as the industry and financial conferences throughout the year. Including our Analyst Meeting on May 12 in New York City. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Joseph Hogan: You know Nathan that that we framed it as well as we can in the first quarter. I mean, that's and that's what we can see right now. I think our responsibility when you think about it is we're through January right now, we can take a look at our order rates. And we can responsibly make the prediction that John just did that we're going to 20,000 to 25,000 cases that we think are going to be pressured on. Then unfortunate part of this whole thing is we say we're on the dark side of the moon right now because of Chinese New Year and our order rates drop off to a point that you hardly see them. And it's not just now, it's been every year since and since. The government there is extended the holiday's for another week or so and it could go on. We really don’t have, we just take our best guess on that 20,000, 25,000, and we're not ready to project, I'm not ready to project anything into the second quarter and the rest of the year. Remember, going back to SARS, I talked about I was involved in that at GE Healthcare is that I remember took six months from the initial infection rate all the way to not to that ended but it actually stabilized and things got back in gear again, so. We know that it'd be more than the first quarter it will be impacted but none of us were ready to give any kind of a forecast just to extend to that.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. There is, it is multiple levers we pull in that sense, all right. We have more of a segmentation around GPs today from a sales standpoint. You'll see that accentuated as we go into 2020. We have a product called iGo that it just fits the workflow aspect and sees produce extremely well. Then you have to add to that the extra salespeople we put in last year. A lot of those salespeople were making GP cost but there is just and you know there is only so far it go for the orthodontic community. And the last part of that, we have a huge amount of increased advertising from a consumer standpoint. I read about the consumer hits for new interest in Invisalign which are pretty outstanding when you look at it from a year-over-year basis. So, it's really all those variables we see are being put in to place to help to drive that growth.
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, honestly it's a good question because that is a variable in the equation just to think of. So, right now you can imagine when you have a contagion like this, you don’t want a lot of people hanging out together and Chinese government knows that and we know it too. Our training facilities are in Shanghai and also Chengdu. There is obviously there is infection rates in those areas but they're not like the major provinces that have been impacted so far. But my anticipation is after the holidays you would just have to watch and see exactly what develops in the different provinces in China and what that means. If it's not and you know a big issue in Shanghai or Chengdu or whatever obviously we'll bring doctors and train them. But we're not in a position to even guess on that right now. But is a great question, it's a key variable and you must think develop will certainly come back after the first quarter and let you know.
Joseph Hogan: John, I don’t. I mean, because obviously we're in the storm right now and just trying to get through what that looks like. As I said in my script, if you think about, as we came off the third quarter, we had a really good teen season, we didn’t have as much of an adult pickup in the fourth quarter as we'd hoped. But again it was double digit growth and it's still robust growth but not the 50% to 60% that we had joined in China for several years, so. I'd say John I'd like to give that to you, I can't reliably give it to you now but its double digit growth. We continue to make our investments, we are continued to be excited about. China is our second biggest market and we don’t think that's going to change but we certainly got to get through this cloud before we can give you something definitive in that sense.
Joseph Hogan: Hi Jon I'm really excited about the [map] gross when you see that and you remember map 2 it's kind of age contained, it's a growth aspect between like you know 10 years old and 12.5 years old that really fits but when you take map and you combine that with first that is about 20% to 25% including palatal expansion of the team marketplace. So the idea that that's 15% to 20% of our team cases you talked about matches are pretty well in the sense of what we're seeing in the marketplace overall. I do think you'll continue to see this hyper growth out there. It is a great solution. We look at teens first and how it works. You don't see it John but we continue to improve map all the time. We learn about anchorage on back molars and certain kinds of teeth and whatever. We program those things. We have silent releases but piece by piece we get better at being confident and moving those class two things forward. So overall we're excited about it. I'm confident about the technology. Lastly on the palate expansion piece we know how to make this. We have the right kind of software to develop it. The trick is finding something that you can actually scale from a manufacturing standpoint and get consistent properties with it. And I feel we've been closing in on that rather fast. So we'll give you more of an update as we go into the investors conference in June, I mean in May on a more specificity around that kind of a launch date.
Joseph Hogan: You know Matt could we do 50,000 cases yes. I mean we have capacity. We have both treatment capacity and we have bleed off capacity obviously through Mexico and Costa Rica if we were overwhelmed in China what we have there too but Matt my experience in this business is if things don't happen like that that you don't get this kind of a bow wave that comes after something like this and so it's not that you lose those cases from an adult standpoint they just get pushed out into the future but they don't come back to you all at once. It's just latent demand. The only exception I would make to that that I would guess that the teen season because teens are kind of times based on their age that you have a little more what I call bolus effect there. You have a bow wave that you've really capitalized on teens but it wouldn't occur that way with adults.
Joseph Hogan: No, at this point in time given what we're seeing over there I can't even guess that. If you're asking for historical splits I don't think we've shared that data in the past and just know that our third quarter is always our biggest quarter in China and it's the biggest because it is teen season. So if you take that look at historically you'd see what those numbers look like on adult versus teen.
Joseph Hogan: Brandon that's a good question actually. That's a good deep question. First of all I mean you saw our growth in the Americas for the fourth quarter. It's good. It's accelerating in a GP channel and good progress in the Ortho channel. So obviously I feel good about, I talked about in a previous caller in the sense of the investments we've made in sales people and advertising products and all that we have in those different channels and we look at that going forward we feel good about that capability. From a DTC standpoint we've always stuck with what we said. I mean we know that DTC will go after some of the same patients we do but we haven't necessarily felt an impact in that sense and you see us pushing hard in the sense of our product and portfolio to go after that. We talked about 100 million patients that we think want treatment from an orthodontic standpoint in North America. Other competitors, honestly they're out there. I can't say that we've made any price moves against them. We haven't necessarily felt that we have lost any significant volume in any consistent way and so I don't have anything different to report from that standpoint and I did the previous quarters that we had a discussion. I think when you're hearing about that too Brandon it's what I think we've been consistent for the last two years. When I talked about at the end of my script about this digital platform there's a lot of work you have to do to compete in this marketplace. It's not like just I could produce a plastic aligner and then I can have a material difference in how aligner is effective in the marketplace. There's just so many things you got to be good at in this business from a logistic standpoint, from a manufacturing standpoint, your digital platform, how it serves consumers and what it does with docs. You got to be able to play really well on multi dimensions and I'm not saying that none of our competitors will reach that they're just not at that scale right now but I think that it's made a tremendous difference to us in any way.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think we haven't actually documented much trade up from light product line. It's most of it have been trade down from a comprehensive but remember when you trade down on this product line it still has a gross margins. It's accretive to our business and decretive in that sense. So we're allowing more choice for our patients, allowing more choice for our doctors. But we're not doing this to an extent that it really hurts our operating profit.
Joseph Hogan: No, Jeff nothing like that so far. We haven't seen anything anywhere around the world in that sense. Hong Kong has been kind of locked down since the protest or whatever so it's hard to get its signal out of there one way or another but Taiwan, Korea some of the neighboring countries Southeast Asia we haven't seen anything.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Jeff it's funny. It’s not funny but it's really interesting there's a lot of noise out there right and it's just your question is how do you pull signal from noise out of this whole thing and what we feel is obviously there's a lot of doctors both GPs and orthos. There is a segment, a significant segment of them that see really a clinical build meaning if you don't have to do a complete bite reconfiguration on. You can responsibly move anterior teeth to give a good smile without having to move molars and other aspect of what's going on. Those doctors see this progressive as a maybe I'll fix the anterior teeth for a lower price and then move to a full bite correction at some point in time the patient wants to go. But we see both orthodontists and GPs a certain segment of them really engaging in that sense. So we feel the comment there's enough doctors out there that want to hit this kind of a price point and we'll do it in a very efficient way. Someone look at it doing with maybe two or three touches with a patient rather than constant touches every few weeks and using remote monitoring and those kind of things to see how patients are going. So we actually feel that we can that there are doctors out there with a limited product that will engage in that sense and be able to go after these what we'd call price sensitive DTC patients who are looking for just really an aesthetic correction not a bite correction.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, I think Steve as you look at it we run promotions on a regular basis to be able to drive volume, drive behavior. We see a mix effect of that as well where in Q3 there was more ortho cases and in Q4 more fortunately GP cases but as we said as I've said really throughout the 2019 we expected our ASPs to be relatively flat throughout the year notwithstanding FX and if we looked at where things were a year ago we're up $5 and if you look at the FX impact to that it was a negative $15. So you're going to have puts it takes as you go to the quarters but we saw relative consistency throughout the year on our ASPs.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, it's a good question Michael. I mean you think of it, just think of them separately for once and then we will go together. So if you look at separately if you look at the comprehensive product relatively consistent. There's not going to, from a promotion standpoint everything else you would expect consistency in those ASPs. Same way from a non-comprehensive product. But when you see the interaction between the two as non-comp grows faster you could see ASPs to be flat to be slightly down as a result of that mix and as we've said and as we saw in the fourth quarter where ASPs even if it's at a lower ASP it still comes with a higher gross margin and we saw that in the fourth quarter. We expect that going forward. So when we look to the future ASPs of course get the headlines but we're really focusing on driving that gross margin and operating margin.
Joseph Hogan: I still felt great about the growth iTero business for the year at the 38% and you're right I mean even you look at the capital equipment market in any medical business the fourth quarter is usually the biggest one at people are looking at the what they're going to do from a CapEx standpoint they buy. So it was a tough comparison year-over-year but still growing 20%. I think the best way to think about this Michael there's competition out there. We feel really good about our digital platform that iTero represents, how it competes against any scanner really out there and you see that it's doing well on restorative to as well as from an orthodontic standpoint. So we think we're really competitive but I think the back your question is like how do you model that thing going forward. I think you model that at our 20% to 30% growth rates that we have given you for our business in general and that's what we've done through the many years we've had iTero so far is keeping that range. Sometimes we've been outside that range on the upside or whatever but long-term your model I think of 20% to 30% and a significant amount of that being some services revenue to that really helps in that.
Joseph Hogan: The doctor feedback, Erin it's Joe, on the 5D scanner has really been great .I mean the ones that really use it to scan every patient when they come in, they're picking up caries or cavities at a rate that are almost 2x of what they can actually visually see or see through an X-ray and that's driven a lot of new business through those docs and so a lot of this information comes in, I mean obviously outside the United States because the FDA hasn't approved that yet. So we see this near infrared technology that we're being used to see cracks in teeth and caries in teeth. It's really helping from a cash flow standpoint, from a doctor and the cases they're seeing and secondly it's helping patients in that sense be able to identify issues that you can get at a little more proactively before they really become an issue. As far as 5D in the United States I think we've said that I'm never going to guess when the FDA says yes. I've been in class 2 medical device business for too long but our expectation is in sometime in the first half that it will get 5D approval through the FDA.
Joseph Hogan: Hey Ravi, this is Joe. I will take the first one on iTero or the balance sheet with inventory. The majority of that increase is on the iTero side as we transition through products with Element 1 to Element 2 and then to 5D there's just some timing related to that but that as we start to sell more 5D and as we increase our volume on iTero that inventory will come down. On the Invisalign side it's pretty consistent to what our growth has been.
John Morici: Yes Kevin, this is John Morici. Yes, we would expect it to be slightly up both on a GAAP and on a non-GAAP basis for operating margin as well as growth margin.
John Morici: Hey Jon, this is John. I think you're in the ballpark I think when you look at what we see from China. I mean, it's certainly last year was significant growth in Q1 and this year obviously impacted by the corona virus It's difficult to say from other cases lost or delayed and so under certainly for this time period they're not they're not happening it's difficult for us to see afterwards after this period of time to see whether those cases come back or not but at least for the first quarter here we're assuming that they're not going to come into the quarter.
John Morici: Yes. It just really interesting is to say when I talk about stabilization it means infection rate is how when you start to get to that plateau about not an increase in infection rate but a decrease and you'll see that that's kind of the deceleration and that indicates that it's kind of under control. Again what I learned in 2003 about China is and I think in the Western world we missed this sometimes, it's how much influence the overall government influences there. You can see they change holidays. They lock down cities. They take drastic measures to try to deal with these things. It's something it’s really unheard from a Western world standpoint. I think we kind of have to respect that that it's a society that will respond to these kind of things in a way that we're not necessarily used to which is actually good for the population because they're just trying to isolate it and contain that thing because depending that virus hasn't quantified yet with exactly it's infection rate meaning how many people are infected per person is infected but the numbers are jumping around but this is in the area of SARS and so I think the best proxy we can have right now is a SARS side. So that's the two things as one is when a plateau is when fewer people are being infected you see that curve start coming down and then secondly is how fast the Chinese government will move and that's why we're staying close with what's going on there and just staying behind the government and trying to support their actions.
John Morici: Hey Rich this is John. It's probably too early to tell that now. I mean like we said we're kind of in the dark side right now of the extended Chinese New Year. We'll see how things progress as we come out and make that assessment. I mean as we've talked about a number of times in our business there's a lot of different leverage that we can pull or not pull based on the conditions that are going on in a particular market and we would assess that as well with China.
John Morici: Well, I think you saw that our gross margin improved a 60 basis points in Q4 from Q3 and we would look into the future to expect that with the cases that we do sometimes more difficult versus even the non-comprehensive cases we know how to drive that gross margin and we'd expect to see improvement in 2020 and beyond.
John Morici: Yes. When you look at some of that litigation and some of those entity restructuring programs it was about, it impacted us in 2019 by about a point of margin. So essentially that's a benefit for us in 2020 and that's part of our expansion but when we look at the expectations for 2020 and a comparison versus 2019 we would expect margin expansion and whether using GAAP or non-GAAP based on the leverage and the investments that we're making.
John Morici: Yes, Chris this is John. It's a good question. I mean when we look at the investments that we're making, we invested to as you said that long term growth model where there's international expansion and we continue to expand and grow in two countries. We want to continue to grow our utilization whether it's on the ortho side or the GP side. We look at how we exited. We felt really good about fourth quarter. We feel good about coming into this year and what we want to make sure that as we invest and as we continue to grow we can give you information that we see and as we look at the year and as we look at our investments this is the best information that we can get. Of course as we invest we always look for additional opportunities whether it's growth in other markets, increase utilization and so on and those are things that will do. China gets a lot of the headlines now because of what's happening there but the rest of our business is a good growth opportunity for us and we're making investments within those areas.
John Morici: On the cash on a balance sheet obviously there is company's amazing cash generator in that way. I just want to emphasize Ravi we're not into the general dentistry business. So don't look us going out to broaden the portfolio in any particular way. We're building what we talked about when I closed about a digital platform and investing in that digital platform is where we're focused on. So we have our Investor Day in May we will re-approach in a sense of the share buyback and what we think we'll be doing with that cash in the future.
