David White: Okay Jon, back to the first question on trends on Q3. I don’t know if there is anything peculiar in terms of trends versus any other Q3 we’ve experienced. I think one – perhaps one anomaly that Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks had to do with our team season potentially being a little bit earlier in the year than what we saw last year since we got a very good uplift in the second quarter but the uplift in the third quarter is a little bit soft than what we have anticipated. But other than that I think the case – our business is fairly linear to the quarter, and in summer months typically we see a soft August, particularly in the international area, particularly EMEA as people are taking vacations and closing their offices and so forth. And then we hold our breadth for a little bit, you might say for September waiting for things to kind of pick back up as people wake up from vacation to get back engage. But other than those trends there I’d say fairly consistent with third quarter at least a year ago and other quarters that we’ve seen. As it relates to Q4 North America, couple of things; if we look at our three-year average, sequential average it’s typically been up – just a little bit under 1% quarter-over-quarter. And as we look at North America and our guidance, I’m sorry, it has typically been up around – roughly flat quarter-over-quarter from Q3 to Q4 and our guide is up, I think want to say about 5% or so. One of the things that influences that is, we’ve – Tom talking about DSOs and so as we engage with more of those selling organizations and so forth, we expect to see uplift as those doctors are trained and as they become engaged with the Invisalign product, so that’s part of the uplift works that can be seen in the fourth quarter. And we’re continuing also with some of the promotions we ran in Q3, expecting them to receive some protraction in Q4. And we’ll also see some more immediate spend in Q4 as well. So those things tend to give us a little bit more of a seasonal uptick in Q4 from Q3.
David White: Yes, just to add to the foreign exchange piece of it. Most of our international business in EMEA is built in euro, and if you’ve tracked currency trends, I’m sure you have, we’ve seen some big moves in that just in the last couple of months but principally beginning in the early September and that’s really influenced our third quarter in amounts that we’ve not seen historically or in the company for a long time at least. And so as we look about that going forward certainly that does have some impact on ASPs going forward when you translate those back into dollars and that has put a little bit of you might say headwind into the revenue guide for Q4 but it is included in the guidance, I’ll make that clear. But one point I think to make a note of is the fact that when you look at the countries that we’re selling internationally, most of those revenues are denominated in local currency and we incur our selling, marketing and to some extent some G&A expense locally in those markets as well. So while it puts a little bit of headroom you might say or headwind into the top line, we have somewhat of a natural hedge to some extent given that the expenses will translate back at a lower amount as well, and then when you net that of a tax it mitigates a little further. So if you look at our Q4 guidance so forth, about $0.01 a share roughly is the impact of currency relative to where it was earlier in Q3.
David White: Bob, before we may finish beating this one to death, there are a couple of examples, explicitly on marketing spend that we do get efficiency out of, and I’ll give you a small example but it’s big dollars. We can lock in especially when the markets will softer for media, we can lock in traditional media out multiple quarters, sometimes it’s far as a year to get placement rates in the programs that fit with our brand, and we can get literally millions of dollars of improvement or leverage out of those working media dollars. And then in addition one of the things that comes with a little bit of math now that in this line it’s becoming a well-known brand at least in North America and we’re taking first steps in Europe is that we call paid media, traditional media, unpaid media is people doing their own videos on YouTube and talking about on their blogging how it changed their lives. So we get that, that all goes into the impact in search and impressions that people form in total and in many cases that has greater weight than paid media, so we tend to tune off ads and listen more carefully to what I'll call honest conversation. And that is the place that efficiency shows up for us and we see some of that in North America for sure, starting to see a little bit on the digital side in Europe, again, we’re still earlier days there but that’s very specific example of some leverage.
David White: Let’s not getting into a discussion between the CEO and CFO here so I will take that one. Look, what we’ve said consistently as we’ve got a long term model out there, we’re trying to thread the needle quarter-to-quarter through that. We want you to think about a whole year of performance and we have a lot of investments, we always dropped against the wall to make and where we’re confident we can continue to generate leverage in the business we’ll make more but we’re not ready yet to think about the long term financial model, I’d like to put that aside for the moment.
David White: Currency is probably the largest component of it. Mix as we talked about a few minutes ago is also a component of it because we’re expecting to see some traction on the express side of our business in the fourth quarter with some promotions we’re running, particularly internationally, so those two are the biggest contributing factors to it. Long term however I guess I would still emphasize the point that we believe that our ASPs long term are going to continue to grow as our international business treats more complex cases and is growing at a rate faster than North America, and in particularly APAC where they treat the most complex cases. So while we might see some – little bit of volatility in ASP from quarter-over-quarter basis and that reflect in our Q4 guidance, I think long term we still accept – it would expect the ASPs to be stable to modestly up.
David White: Well some of that is – there is probably three pieces to it; ASP which we’ve talked about, freight and higher training, and as you listen to calls in the past right because we’ve talked about training. Training ebbs and flows with some amount of seasonality in it, it’s relatively a breakeven proposition for us financially and so as training increases in one particular quarter it’s going to tend to be a drag on margins, it won’t be a drag on dollars but it winds up being a little bit of a drag on percent. The other piece to it is, our scanner business, we’re anticipating that to be a little bit down from a gross margin standpoint. So probably those three things together, I don’t have a waiting here to give you between them if I was to put them in order, a rank order, high ASP is the first item and primarily as a result of FX. And then training and freight and this kind of business.
Tom Prescott: I mean, the couple of year’s you called out were really non-linear for us and the reason why we were sequentially down going into – in twelve, especially and there were couple of other ones because volume disappears late in the quarter and we went into the quarter with a little less flow of business. So when David speaks to some reasonable linearity, not as strong as we like in North America, that’s actually a good thing. And we’ve been – linearity means it’s building so that we’ve got solid progress going in the quarter which means for the first months of that quarter, the pipes reasonably fall. With all that said, the second thing is we continue to build in Asia and is that becoming more meaningful in total volume, that has a bigger contribution totally. And all this time so far in Europe that they continue their trajectory, our doctors are back to work and building and despite more challenging economy in the new G here there solid. So I think when you put all of building blocks together with the same methodology we always use, reasonably confident that we can go deliver that guidance.
Tom Prescott: Sounds like you’ve been sitting in some of our meetings as we do resource allocation, hard choices. Let me start with your very last point around DSOs, that is the place we’ve deploy more resources in terms of program and approach and training, and we are getting some early traction there. It takes time since they have anywhere from dozens to hundreds of offices scattered across the country in some cases, and as we activate we want them to have high quality capability when that patient comes in even if this is a new line of practice for them. So these are all very different the way they work but we are deploying a way to do that. So that’s one example of deploying additional resources there. Secondly we are deploying more resources and our really fast growing geographies like China, we don’t have an annual resources allocation discussion with an annual plan, we look at that every quarter literally, and if they can keep delivering on their plan we give them more resources against a game plan. So that’s going on as a consistent theme. To some extent the same is true in EMEA with that more frequent relook at resource allocation; they earn the right to get more headcount, a little more for consumer, and in some cases acceleration of a key product initiative. When you come back to North America, we actually are making progress in GP utilization; it’s just that it’s hard to see against the 20,000 or more GPs that we do business with at some level of frequency. And if I go back to late last year when we rolled out in pilot our new fundamentals training course, we had hopes that would help and in fact, in general these are smaller attended groups, more intensely supported by coordinated marketing and sales, and we can look back and see in virtually every case the doctors, the GPs that go to those classes start their cases, their first case is much sooner and they adopt more quickly, kind of the angle of attack is better. So that’s really where we already have redirected some of the selling time and effort, away from the mass towards those GP practices that want to make it some more of a priority, and that’s one reason why the tail is on utilization down. But again, I’ll step back that – the strategic importance of the GP market is high for us, we do know that it’s going to take a while and it’s going to take all three of our leverage to do it but your point is well taken, our job is to thread the needle between all the investment choices we’ve got and managing the combination of short or tactical investments to drive the business in the very near term against things that are very, very important to our owners for the long term, and that’s the line we’re trying to walk.
Tom Prescott: Bob, I’ll start it with few broad strokes and then I’ll let David fill in behind that with some of the facts that we laid out in the framework for guidance. First would be we expect a little bit of mix shift, we’ve already got a little bit of FX headwind, I’m not going to speak to it, everything is captured in guidance. So that believes a little bit right off the top but we expect a little more mix shift as the team is going a little more aggressively after i7 and i14 in EMEA and Express 5 and Express 10 in North America, and part of that is promotions, part of that is little bit of increasing interest from our GPs and some orthos. So whether we never quite get that right it has been pretty stable, if that stays where it is the mix will be a little higher and we’ll have little more revenue lift out of that but as we see it today going in, our internal outlook which informs us says there is a little mix shift and there is some promos with that. Other than that those are the two big factors and I’ll let David build on that just a little.
Tom Prescott: We’re always looking at new investments and we’re constantly evaluating new opportunities to invest in the business whether it’s on the product side or whether it’s on the sales or marketing side. So I don’t think there is anything new there. Clearly, one of our objectives is to – as we penetrate further and further into the market one of our objective is obviously is to get with better adoption to get better field efficiency you might say with the people we have out in the field that are in that selling position. But if you look at the Q3 expenses as you looked at – some of that is just some seasonality, lower media spend in Q3 is very typical for us and the fact that payroll tax is being enrolling off for some of the employees here in the US, and so those are some of the contributing factors why Q3 was little bit lower.
Tom Prescott: I’ll start with that last part and say yes, we can do – I think we’ve executed well, there aren’t that many companies that have built a great standalone business with the North American GP given the enormous amount of fragmentation. But I’ll go to your fetch, so I’m saying yes, we can do better, we have lots of ideas how to do that, we’ve got experiments going on all over the place to make that happen. The saturation point, it’s actually the opposite, we are so far from saturation, in fact even our – even routine customers do Invisalign almost as a hobby in GP, even our biggest customers on the GP side have multiple practices and Invisalign is still a very small fraction of the 3000 to 5000 to 7000 procedures they do a year even if there are multispecialty office. And so our job is becoming more relevant and meaningful and making Invisalign which is orthodontics which isn’t as typical a part of a GP practice worked towards mainstream. We know what success looks like Glen, I mean you’ve been an observer here, not just us but others for a long time and we know how to replicate that success, we have to do it office-by-office across the country and I think we know how to do that, it just takes time. I’ll point back to a comment I made earlier, we’ve completely overhauled our clinical education frontend and it’s working much better, that’s the foundation. We wind up with the rep meeting the doctor literally within a week or when they were in class where they meet them, and they were out there working together to get the staff and everybody else onboard, in many cases they bring the staff with them to training. So the goal is to get the whole team organized and involved versus the doctor coming back from a weekend program on their own and it’s working better. Second color maybe for the long term is building our core prices to be with DSOs that are growing fairly rapidly, very business focused and increasingly upscale and where we can bring the same brand leverage for individual practice, we can leverage that much more broadly on a regional basis with a partner, a significant partner who understands compliance with programs. So there are a whole lot of things we’re working on, it will take time to move the needle to where you will see an utilization number but we do know what success looks like. I’ll go back, we can do better.
Tom Prescott: Yes, I think as David said it’s for the framework for thinking about guidance was – was that these are GPs returning, in fact orthos maybe two minute down a little bit, start treating more adults after the summer rush for teens. GPs offices get busy again after Labor Day and that’s in our thinking, we expect GPs offices to pick up, we expect EMEA to get busy, they came screaming back in September and that push is on until the end of the year, and again, APAC is still running like the dickens. So all those factors go together and are reflected in the guidance that David spoke.
Tom Prescott: I was just going to say APAC, APAC just kind of pile on a guess, we saw a very strong September in APAC which is very encouraging for us as we think about Q4.
Tom Prescott: Yes, I’ll just add to that. I think we’ve said consistently that as it relates to our long term model our objective has been and continues to be to deliver a full year within that model, we’re yet to do that, we hope we’re on track to do that this year but at the end of the year we can talk more about what that model looks like if we change it or otherwise.
Tom Prescott: The short answer is we will continue to see in very unpenetrated markets around the world, a bias towards comprehensive treatment because the bulk of adults never got treatment as kids. Because we’re making progress, because the brand is getting out there and because there were children that were treated as kids by the National Health System in the UK, by the German Health Program in Germany etcetera, and never had retainers and relapsed, they are starting to see some cases with people that just want – they basically have a good bite and a solid occlusion but they are wanting to be strained up in front and so they are open minded about doing something for themselves, this is actually a wonderful thing because it means the idea of oral health and a better smile is slowly starting to catch on in Europe and it has not been at the top of their list ever. So it’s really – I think a good positive dynamic of market growth and this is feedback from some of our customers, and we’re trying to be responsive of that and give them incentives to try the product more.Jeff Johnson – Robert W. Baird: That’s helpful, thank you.
Tom Prescott: Let me answer this way, the numbers show a deceleration in volumes or in rate of growth, we’re growing steadily but the rate of growth it’s slowing over a number of quarters, this is mostly the case in GP space. And I think going back to an earlier question, we have not generated leverage there yet, it’s something that’s highly, highly important to us and we’re working hard on it. If I strip all those parts away, there is still this huge laid demand in North America, 20 million to 25 million adults that want a better smile, that do not want brackets and wires, that know that the treatment cost is about $5000 and what they need is to become more important on their list of 20 or 30 things they would like to do. And we know because we talk to thousands of consumers. So I think our job is, when they are ready to make sure they go after Invisalign and then when they are after Invisalign they get to a practice that says we’re thrilled to put you into Invisalign. All those things don’t happen perfectly each time but we’re working on fixing that. So we have lots of opportunity, we can do a better and better job of creating demand, of activating that at a doctor’s office and make use of the doctor’s office is ready to rock. It just takes some time, I would saw finally we don’t pat ourselves in the back but one of the things I said purposely is we expect to grow multiples above market growth and competitive growth in every market we serve and we still do that even though we’re a little frustrated with our pace in North America right now. So I think our view is it was a softer orthodontic market and a softer dental procedures market during the quarter and we take no comfort there because our expectations were higher. But now we see all the opportunity, it drives us crazy sometimes but it’s there to be had.
Tom Prescott: Let me start with the second, wouldn’t want you to be hanging there gob smacked. If you’re observer, you’ve spent real time over there and I think you told me at one point when you were in Shanghai you saw Invisalign signs or something. The receptivity – I think we’ve got the formulae right, we tried a multiple different ways in countries in Europe and in Asia, and when we went into China we decided that it was more important to build the right foundation than it was to go for volume, and part of that was based on launching with G4 several years ago in May and we waited till G4 was available because it was our first real opportunity to really treat the most complex cases. And then we brought in SmartTrack, shortly behind that one we got approval in China. So I think the second thing we did was we worked three or four year’s building relationships with universities and clinical leaders and try to do it in a very Chinese way as they would describe it, and we were very patient about starting to train doctors, it was only until we felt we had clinical supporters that it treated and finished cases there that can teach to other Chinese doctors with those Chinese cases and demonstrated great results where we really ready to step on the gas which we’ve done over the last couple of years. So we’re pleased, we think long term, I won’t put guidance kind of language around this, and I think we talked about this a little bit, Raphael Pascaud, our VP of International spoke about it in our Analyst Day. We think China is probably the one country in the world that offers that kind of rough sized opportunity of the US and so we’re approaching it with that kind of potential. I wouldn’t want to put a finer point on it for the next few years but it’s one of our biggest investment opportunities and we continue to work hard to scale it. I’ll stop in there and give it over to DSOs if I can.
Tom Prescott: Sure. I don’t want to let you think that the business results are screaming with DSOs yet, I’m reflecting on it because; A, it showed up significantly in training new doctors, and we’ve been on this for about a year and a half, two years working on this. And I think we’ve got the formula down pretty well even though the different DSOs have different approaches. We’re attractive to them and they are attractive to us, they bring regional breadth, cross country breadth in some cases, they bring very operational mindset where they are used to driving for efficiency in cost yet still delivering great results clinically for patients. They are used to developing their own brand and series of treatment centers, and so we come in and they work hard to develop demand for each of their offices and each of their areas. We come out and alongside that we’re one of the best practice building opportunities in dentistry today with the Invisalign brand. And so what they can bring is a mindset with clinical leadership and a compliance mentality that this is one of the three things we’re going to focus on this year and everybody is going to get trained, we’re all going to do it, we’re going to measure it, and the company is going to line up behind us to help us. And I would say we’re in the early days there but we think this is a more focused approach to move the GP market. We’re not at all giving up on office-by-office, we have great customers out there doing incredible things, it’s just that 90 plus percent of all dental procedures in North America happen in individual provider offices and fragmentations, the operative term. So we have to do it from both directions and make sure our value proposition, our coverage, our product and our support model fit every side. But DSO early days it will turn into business results in the coming years.
Tom Prescott: Let’s see the first one here, realign is still not meaningful, we are learning a lot and as we think about our long term evolution of our business model and customers, many GP customers that want to respond to a patients request but maybe don’t want to do a weekend course, don’t want to go deep, there is something there to be had and I’d say the Shine organization and our team are both working on how to make that scale. And I would say good success in a handful of regions but it is not been replicated across the Shine team or across our team. I think the second piece goes back to something I’d said in my prepared comments which is about – we’re still not relevant enough to the average GP, I guess there is an earlier question.  We’re still not relevant enough to get them to link towards orthodontics, well it’s not something to do routinely, in fact they’ve got very little of it in most of their dental programs and they spent much more time on drilling fill and anesthetic and cosmetic and veneers and all that. So that’s what they normally do at where most of their business is, preventive and restorative. So where we come along, we try to get them do something different. I think when this really comes visible which realign where it’s hard to assess what you can treat in five stages with a realign case and don’t even have the benefit of scaling it up to an Express 10 if you’re a direct customer or a full case, automatically when our systems in stuff.  And so I think a couple of things will happen to changes overtime Steve; one is that as scanners become ubiquitous and share side applications that provide utility and value, we with iTero and other high quality scanner manufacturers are going to be helping to reduce friction, support clinical decision making, ride at share side and they will be able to look at patients dentition and it won’t just be malocclusion but it will be other things, there could be other problems they are having, whether it’s brushes them grinding or whether they are trying to surely sign the paradontal decay and decline.  There will be tool surrounding that dentist the clinical practice that will help them look to a solution, and at that point in time there will be a whole series of products we believe digitally informed, like realigned or into a direct – through distribution or to a direct customer of ours that can use a range of things. So in our minds this is a very early step, it’s great learning, we’re learning a lot from the Shine team, they are learning from us, we can do a lot more but I’d say it will be easier when we get scanners in there. And I think that’s coming. I’m going to flip the second thing mindful at time here and you talked about growth rates are seeing in EMEA be persistent and we believe so.  The degree of penetration of orthodontic treatment is an order of magnitude lower than in North America which is already under penetrated against the insertion and widespread nature of malocclusion here and it tends to be more acute, in other words, the malocclusion is worse, and people lose teeth more frequently because of that malocclusion as they age. So with all that they have a great opportunity, adults are more conscious of it now, they are more conscious, you have some countries in Europe that are very fashion conscious, so there is a reason why they care about their esthetic, feel and look, and you look at countries like Spain and Italy that on paper look like economic basket cases and our businesses are very, very strong there and that’s being driven by adults that want to look and feel better, and in many cases adults that are 50, 60, 70.  So we look at this as we’ve now earned the opportunity to build a bigger business, we’re in the process of doing that. The more we can feed that with the evolving clinical products, scanners that surround the orthodontist, make it easier, reduce friction all around that process; it just gets better and better. And I think the biggest test I’d show you is in Asia where they treat the hardest case in the world right now and we’re growing like crazy because we finally have as a critical math and more coming around that clinical product experience where the doctor can deliver that great results with confidence. So two very different extremes here, the examples you just asked but hopefully that answers your question.
Tom Prescott: I will take that one first. As we look at programs we look at contribution margin more than we look at ASP and as long as we hear that contribution margins that will drop through to operating margins based on the entire support model, we are comfortable with different price points and a good example of that is our elite or super elite customers that we support with different resources and try to teach them how to use the product we work with them and business planning for what their years are going to look like, and with the company resources look at helping them do great local campaigns to get word of mouth and all that. So while we trade higher discount or lower ASP with those elite customers we also don’t put all the resources in the training and support that we do for a low volume customer that ultimately pays list. And the same can be said for DSO, they have clinical leaders that on a regional basis and national basis that will own programs and support, and these DSOs working alongside us, we pay training for those groups in language they use and then they go working support in challenge in a positive way, the local offices and the regional teams and they put experts out there in the field right alongside, and in many cases they don’t want our reps even calling on their accounts. They say look, let you have a corporate rep calling me, pull your reps out of those accounts and you don’t have to put that energy and effort in.  So we can then take that rep and deploy them to another account that’s not owned by the DSO. So in our mind although you would see maybe some more ASPs going down, imagine that’s like an advantage effect but operating margins, contribution margins still very, very attractive and worth doing. And I completely forgot the second one you asked, I’m sorry.
Tom Prescott: I wasn’t trying to shine in the topic, no. We continue to work with leading players on if we could and how we could validate and confirm interoperability as I have been saying clearly, it’s in our best interest to do so and while it will cost us some installed base sockets, iTero scanners, not everybody is going to buy an iTero scanner even though we believe it’s the best scanner in the world. So the upside is when there is more news we’ll let you know and until then you should assume it’s in our interest to do so.
