John F. Morici: Hey, Jon. This is John. I'll start with the first part of your question. We guide like we always guide taking the best information that we have. No change in terms of how we've taken this guidance. So we factor in many different factors into our forecast and this is no different from a guidance standpoint.
John F. Morici: That's right, Jon. As we're investing and globalizing, we think it's a long-term strategic importance to us. We'll see some of those investments. But as we add capacity and as we add production in those facilities, we'll see some improvement. And you also have to remember too we had a lot of – from a mix standpoint a lot of iTero in Q2. So the Q2 iTero affects us from a gross margin standpoint. But, as you know, it's a part of our long-term strategy and important for us from a growth standpoint.
John F. Morici: I mean I think when we look at – as was noted earlier, we are investing globally to try to – as we regionalize some of our manufacturing and treatment clients, so there's some costs associated with that. We saw that in the second quarter. Some of that will continue into the third quarter. But we'll also see from an investment standpoint, from an operating expenditure standpoint, it's balanced. The high end of our guide is 24.9%, which is pretty consistent to what we saw in Q2.
John F. Morici: Nothing from a freight or material cost that is of note. It simply comes down to as we regionalize both from treatment planning as well as manufacturing going live in China from a manufacturing standpoint in Q4. There's start-up costs. You're adding that facility. You're training workers. You're getting that manufacturing up and running. And we saw some of that in Q2. We will see some of that in Q3. And then as we grow and as we get more volume out of those facilities, you see some normalize again. So, it's short-term. It's something that we've expected. And then once we're fully up and running, we get the benefits of being local, faster to our customers. We reduce freight costs. There's a lot of other offsets that we see, but we have to get that facility up and running and that will be in Q4.
John F. Morici: And I would say, Rich, as we guide and as we forecast we're always looking at what's happening in the market, products that are coming, what's happening with competition. So that's in our way that we look at our guidance and what we expect to see coming. So when we look at our revenue that we talk to for 2018 to low to mid-30s that is inclusive of what we see from a competitive standpoint.
John F. Morici: Mike, this is John. I think it's a combination. I think we're seeing, as we've seen in the last couple quarters here, great growth across our legacy business. We're driving great teenage growth. We have a lot of momentum internationally, and we're seeing that. But then as we've seen we've seen great iTero volume as well. So, the DSO business that we've talked about being able to have a release in China, so that in the second quarter we expect that to continue into the second half. So there's a lot of momentum given our existing business, but we have either new products on iTero with the various products that we have, Flex and iTero, too, and then also some of the expansion that we're doing in China and other places.
John F. Morici: Actually 2Q was about 4%. So on a year-over-year basis, we saw a little bit less FX benefit on a year-over-year basis than the first quarter but still at 4%.
John F. Morici: Yeah. Jeff, this is John. Yes, you're right. Stores – we've got four now. By the end of the year, we'll have 10 stores or so. We continue to find places that are very strategic to us, the right place to turn those consumers into patients through our doctor's offices. There's expenses related to start-up. There's also some targeted marketing that we do in the area. But don't think of it all as incremental. Think of it as we're spending money in certain places on some of the marketing and advertising. And instead of going as maybe as broad, we can go a little bit more targeted to be able to try to get that consumer conversion. So when we look at the second half and what we've guided for the year, we've now said that we expect to be up in operating margins from 2014. So there's no flat anymore. So, with these investments that we're making, we still think that they're ultimately incremental to our business and a key part of our strategy.
John F. Morici: Hey, John. This is John. So, on financing, it's really moved from a pilot to – it's fully released now. And what it is is a tool that we have with our sales team as well as working with our doctors to be able to give patients options in terms of financing, so they can do some things where they can look to come up with financing over a period of time. It's beneficial to the doctor. It's beneficial for the patients. Ultimately, we get paid faster. So there's a lot of wins. But really what we're trying to do is make it easier for those end customers, those end patients to be able to come up with financing to be able to get them into treatment and we think it's a benefit to everybody in this value chain to be able to get a higher conversion. So it's gone from pilot to full release. And we're actively working with doctors and potential patients to get the understanding of this.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Jon. And from a competitive standpoint, there's nothing really different than what we saw from an AAO standpoint. I mean, obviously, you saw the Clarity product from Ormco that came out in Australia here recently. From what we see, there's again – it's just in line with other offerings that we see out there. And we'll take a stronger beat on that in the future. But right now I wouldn't say we have changed in any way our assessment of the competition that we saw at the AAO.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. First, on the Aspen deal and the Heartland deal, just from a high level standpoint is I think you know we've had a really strong GP focus in this business. But it's difficult at times to have an individual just focus on accounts and to drive the kind of penetration in the marketplace that we want. We find that DSOs are great partners for us in the sense of their ability to be able to spread what we want to do with our digital workflow and with our aligners across their base. And so, Heartland and Aspen both have been very open in the sense of working with us and frontloading their businesses with iTero that will allow them to – give them a very strong position in clear aligners. And so that's – it's just right in line with our GP strategy and it allows us to be able to multiply that strategy across a number of different locations with the DSOs that really help us. We've been working with Heartland for a while on clear aligners and their uptake of iTero scanners have been great. Our growth with Heartland has really been terrific. And they've been able to translate it across their organizations well. We haven't shared a whole lot of numbers in the sense of how that's going and we won't. That's how we want to handle that internally and how Heartland wants to handle that internally, too. But we're excited about the development. We think it's a way for us to be able to – it's a force multiplier for us in the sense of getting Align out there and getting it in front of a lot of customers. And iTero is still critical from a digital workflow standpoint to make it really productive. And at GP offices, you do that.
Joseph M. Hogan: As far as the strong uptick, internationally, APAC, EMEA, but also North America. I'd say a lot of what you can see the growth from – there's good growth from an orthodontic standpoint and a lot of that is a teen marketplace. And I think you've known from previous calls, Suzie, we focused a lot on teens. And that's a really important focus for us because that's a majority of what we see in the orthodontic marketplace is the teen piece. So just seeing further evidence of our ability to be able to go after that marketplace. We're excited about the teen first launch we put in place. It allows you to do Phase 1 treatment – dental treatment on teens. And we have a good start, like we talked about, almost 1,000 starts (35:04) for the month. So it just reflects overall momentum that we continue to have that you've seen in other quarters too. From a store standpoint, we just opened up two stores, one in Maryland and one in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. We'll open up some more stores this year. I think we're doing much better in the sense of preparing doctors of how to integrate those consumers with doctors, and also we're learning a lot in the sense of how to communicate with patients, with visualization tools and things in the store that excite them about the Invisalign treatment. And then we do the proper hands-off to the doctor's office to do that. So it's just another vector for growth for us and a continuation of our consumer interaction from an advertising standpoint and be able to monetize that with the doctor base.
Joseph M. Hogan: We feel good about our North American marketplace. When you talk about North America, look at Canada and the United States. And as you mentioned and I'll reemphasize, the teen piece is going extremely well. Are we doing well with GPs also on the lighter cases as we work through that? Yeah, I'd say with the steady state of that, when you start to look at our year-over-year comparisons that's still a very strong performance from a North American standpoint. So what we're doing to continue to expand that? In the orthodontics segment, of course, we've trained probably the majority of the orthodontists out there. But obviously there's refreshes. There's new products. There's a lot of things we have to continue to reenergize that market with and educate the market as we change that. On the GP side, obviously we just talked about the DSOs and that kind of an opportunity for us too. And then we feel the stores really help with that consumer initiation and turning those consumers into patients. So overall we have momentum in that marketplace. The third quarter is always a time where you see less of a GP marketplace and a strong orthodontic marketplace. That kind of reverses in the fourth quarter and so you will see in our third quarter piece we have a big number in there for teens on the ortho side to help that growth number.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. I think just to start with your last question. The iTero is new to their office in the sense it's not an augmentation or replacement of equipment they currently have. It's more of a commitment to the DSOs for just the whole idea of digital dentistry. And obviously there's a different workflow that you have inside GPs and you have on orthos. And we've been able to more and more make sure that we have that kind of workflow capability within iTero and we continue to work with that so we can be a great tool for GPs in that sense. The DSOs – when you say what percentage of the market in North America, we normally quote 15% to 20%. That number kind of varies around depending on what you call a DSO and what you don't. So, the upper number to use on that is 20% and the other one is 15%. I hope I've answered the question.
Joseph M. Hogan: Steve, it's amazing. I mean it's all PVS. This is not replacing scanners that are over there. So it's not a swap. So if you would see our offices in China at any point in time you just see rooms full of PVS boxes that would previously go to Mexico. So those VPNs that (40:22) we're seeing the number of digital scans come out of China just start to skyrocket for us. John and I were going over that a couple days ago on a trip. So, it's a new foundation. This just is incredible. I've been doing business in China now for over 20 years and I'm always amazed about the country's ability to target a new technology and just integrate it so quickly into the workflow. Just kind of – it's the fastest uptake in new technology in any country I've ever seen in the last 20 years. I saw that in the medical equipment business too. You have to train the marketplace. You have to get them ready. You have to be ready to service it well. There's a lot of just foundational infrastructure things you have to put in place there to be successful and not to frustrate them. But once that's in place and you know what to do, the uptake is amazing. And that's what we're seeing right now.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think, Steve, you're right to call these out. I would call them anomalies in the sense of not – I mean there's going to be great uptake in China. This is the initial uptake in China. We expect more going forward. On the DSO side, I mean, Heartland and Aspen, two of the biggest DSOs going. So, I wouldn't necessarily draw a line through this one and continue to draw it through the rest of the year. But we are having great success with iTero. You, as much as anybody, know how important that is from a standpoint of having an incredible foundation in place to be able to drive more Invisalign. And so you're seeing these big successes. We have little ones too. But these are big penetration moves and I wouldn't necessarily say that you should take it times 2X as you go into the second half.
Joseph M. Hogan: That's actually a really good question, okay. That's a market access play. And having some experience of seeing that before, it's really important in the sense of how it's being done. And the Chinese government – those provincial governments have worked with us really well to make that work. And it's just so much easier to be able to address those Chinese regulations from a Chinese standpoint than it is, in this case, from an Israeli standpoint too. So that's why we're doing it. From a cost standpoint, this is not a cost play. I'd say expect cost to be neutral. If they are a little worse or a little better, you won't see it in our numbers in any way. So I wouldn't put it in your model.
Joseph M. Hogan: Thanks for the question and thanks for the interest. I think, at this point in time, we gave you as much as we wanted to give you at the Investors Meeting. We still call these pilot stores and they are. We're making a lot of iterations as we go through that. But we feel good about the progress. As we get more stores out there and we move this thing more firmly as our stores and not call them pilots, and I'd say as we move into next year we'll be more open with you in the sense of the close rates, number of patients going through. But, as I mentioned on our announcement, we have about 8,000 patients that have gone through those stores already. And then there's varying conversion rates. But, again, not ready to share that yet.
Joseph M. Hogan: We take a broad approach to both of them. These are very good businesses. They're extremely successful what I call businesses too because they operate in a business sense. So we're able to, I think, communicate well in a broad sense what we can bring to the practice and how we can help to drive growth throughout. I mean, obviously, DSOs – one of the keys are going to be in-store sales. And being able to have an iTero inside that store and be able to drive more aligner sales, Invisalign sales through those is a big help. So, it's just we have organized within the business to be able to work with DSOs much better, bring the resources in place and we put those things in place under Frank Quinn and North American organization over the last 18 months. He's done a terrific job. So, it's not just us. It's the DSOs reaching out for us too. These are good partnerships that are well understood and we're excited about both of them and we feel they'll be successful.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. I'd say from a competitive standpoint what we see in the marketplace is kind of what you expect. I'd say it's a cautious approach from a competition standpoint. I'd call – if you take a look at 3M, they more like slipstream into the marketplace behind their wires and brackets business and try to get a few uptakes. We'll be on road this week in North America just out talking to many customers, most of the EMC staff. And the feedback that we get is they're being contacted, but there's nothing really that's different from what was the output from the AAO in that piece. And so there's some interest and curiosity I'd say from a customer base, but there's not a momentum piece or anything that we are adjusting the business around right now.
Joseph M. Hogan: It's an old saying no news on the FDA is good news. So we're still looking at the fourth quarter for this year.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. I don't have any interest from a manufacturing standpoint of supporting other, what we call, direct to consumer kind of aligner companies. We're going to run our play in a sense of our stores and how we work with our doctor partners. We feel strongly that a doctor's office approach is a great approach to take, given the seriousness of moving teeth. And that's the vector we're pursuing in this business. And so it'd be kind of disingenuine is after our agreement with SDC runs out that we go find someone else to supply aligners to. We have no interest in that from a strategic standpoint at all.
Joseph M. Hogan: As I talked about in the last call, these ramp-up times in China will be faster than they were in the Western world. We know that. The intervening variable in that equation is we're signing up more and more doctors in China, not just orthodontists but GPs. And so those could entitle more PVS impressions, too. So if we look at the current kind of installed base of docs and who submits through that, I feel very confident you'll see this ramped up really dramatically in the next two to three years. But outside of that we might have just other doctors who maybe not buy an iTero but still want to submit for that could come into the equation. And it's just hard to project what that could be.
Joseph M. Hogan: I don't know, honestly, Jeff. I'd say we still own that. We'll have to find a way to reconcile that. But that's – after we get our operational conflict out of the way I think that will be addressed.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, I'd say we probably have contact with over 75% of them. I wouldn't say we have a relationship to the degree we have with Aspen and Heartland in that sense, John. So obviously DSOs are on our list in a sense to work with (58:32) and we put together an organization to do that. But right now we're really focused on the agreements we've put in place and we want to make sure that we really work and execute well on these.
