Joseph Hogan: Thanks, John. In summary, we're very pleased with the first quarter results of 2021. Our strong growth and continued momentum reflect our strategic initiatives and investments, including support for doctors to ensure treatment and business continuity, ramping availability of virtual tools to keep doctors and patients connected throughout treatment and increased consumer marketing and concierge programs. The benefits of digital treatment and digital tools and the limitations of outdated old analog approaches continue to drive adoption of Invisalign Clear Aligners and iTero scanners and services.  Over the past year, more doctors have experienced Align's digital platform, which made it possible for thousands of Invisalign practices and patients to continue treatments throughout global disruption, thanks to Invisalign aligners, digital treatment planning, virtual monitoring and care as well as iTero scanners.  But the shift from traditional analog wires and brackets to a fully end-to-end digital platform is not easy, cannot be done without very complex technology. And this technology is prevalent, touching every aspect of what we do from manufacturing excellence where we currently manufacture over 700,000 unique aligners per day, to expanding our geographic footprint to over 100 markets, to building a network of over 200,000 trained Invisalign doctors and providing the technology to our doctors in a complete digital system, the Aligned digital platform.  As the market leader in the clear aligner space, we have been building this industry over 24 years to get to where it is today and yet the majority of the market opportunity remains largely untapped. With over 500 million potential case starts globally, Align is in a rare position to address this market with the Align Digital Platform, powered by 2 decades of clinical data based on more than 10.2 million patients with AI machine learning and digital tools to help our doctors efficiently communicate with their patients, show and explain any issues and visualize potential treatment outcomes. And together with doctors, we're going to leverage the power of digital dentistry and orthodontics more than ever.  We remain focused on our strategic execution, agility, customer service excellence and continuing to make investments to grow our business to drive utilization of the Invisalign system, ultimately returning value to our shareholders. This is the multi-variable equation that we talk about and there's no other company in the market today that has all these capabilities combined.  Finally, throughout the pandemic, our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and their families and our doctor customers and their staff, and that has not changed. We remain dedicated to their well-being, and I want to reiterate our commitment to all Invisalign practices and our employees around the world, especially those in areas recently affected by a surge in COVID-19: India, Brazil, France, Poland, Ukraine, Mexico, Thailand and Japan. We are continuing to monitor the situations and are providing support and resources to those impacted employees.  Thanks for your time today. I look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Now I'll turn the call back over to the operator.
Joseph Hogan: And Nate, I think you know the margin on those products also. So there's not -- this is not like a margin split. I mean, you still have higher margins on the less than comprehensive product line, too. So it's a good mix.
Joseph Hogan: No, Elizabeth, actually, we do, we can. We bring the entire Align digital platform together with iTero, the different -- some DSOs want to approach this thing from a comprehensive standpoint, some want noncomprehensive. So we just basically gear our digital platform and our product line based on what a DSO wants to do and what they want to accomplish, and not just in the U.S. but really all over the world.
Joseph Hogan: Jon, first of all, I mean, EMEA was amazing in that way, but I wouldn't let it eclipse APAC, right? We feel really good about APAC across the board. China, obviously, being a big area, the sequential growth of China. When you look at fourth quarter versus first quarter, it's right in that 7%, 7.5% range like the entire business is. And then obviously, APAC is extremely diverse, but from Japan, ANZ, those key areas that we have in APAC, it's really strong growth.  So I really feel great about APAC. It's just there's somewhat of an eclipse right now because EMEA was extremely strong. But you shouldn't let yourself think in any way that, that means APAC was weak in some way. We feel good about APAC as we go into the first quarter and the whole year.
Joseph Hogan: Well, I think we have a strategy really based on every region because the teen season is different by region from a calendar standpoint. And doctors apply our technology in different ways with teens. But let's just take U.S. and Canada for a second.  Obviously, in the second quarter, beginning of third quarter, those are the really strong areas where you'll see our advertising program really kick in, in a big way. We talked about the Teen Awesomeness Centers that we put in place. That's with making sure that we have doctors that are really well-equipped to handle teens, and we direct the leads to that teams with confidence that they can be serviced properly.  Overseas, we understand what those timing are for the teens also, and we put those programs together, too. Honestly, Kevin, we have a great portfolio, right? And we can go across teens in a lot of different ways, all the way from 6 year olds, to really older teens when you get to 16 to 19 years old, and the tooth movements associated with those two. So it's just having those doctors ready. It's having the communications with the teens and the moms to make sure they're aware of a digital orthodontic option, and they really ask for that as they go into the doctors. And that's a strategy we apply just in different ways and different seasons around the world, but it specifically applies to teens.
Joseph Hogan: We do a lot of work on this, just figuring out what channels, what kind of return we get by channel, how much you put in social media, sports team, how much do you put in television. But overall, John and I expect a certain return, and we know what those returns are by region. We invest a dollar here, we know what we get back.  I don't necessarily want to convey exactly what those returns are but we make sure they're positive. And you've seen us increase our advertising pretty dramatically outside the United States. The response for that has been really good. And obviously, we use a lot of what we learned here in North America to apply that around the world.  So Invisalign is an incredibly well-known brand, not just in North America, but all around the world. And being to leverage that and having that as kind of a common name around the world, it's very helpful for us in the sense of driving volumes, giving doctors confidence and patients confidence, too.  So we really feel good about our investments. And obviously, we balance that well with increased salespeople, with technology investments, all the things you have to do when you run a business like this, but it is something that obviously gains a lot of attention and a lot of analysis from us.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Ravi, it's a good question. Look, remember, we have -- we've done, what, we said 10.2 million cases. And through those 10.2 million cases, we've learned a lot, and we learn more every day. And we run AI and machine learning across those cases. And that's how we just launched GA, as we understood and defined cases. We have some issues with posterior open bite and different clinical kind of issues that would bore you to death, but we understand based on millions of cases that we have done, which is the best way to move those teeth to ensure that they end up in the right positions with the right smile at -- obviously, you want to do this as quickly as you possibly can because patients don't want to be in treatment over 5 years.  So I feel we have an incredible advantage. You look at SmartTrack, you look at how we initiate that with over 4 million lines of codes that we have in ClinCheck. You look at the accuracy of iTero in the sense of transferring information through over to our manufacturing facility in order to make this. It's so -- and I feel very confident about a 24-year first-mover advantage on what we've done.  Now obviously, there's competitors out there and competitors are coming up. But a lot of them have to crawl through the friction that we did in order to learn this. And a lot of the IP that we've put down that makes us unique in the sense of how we position ourselves in the marketplace. So back to what you started with, when you do these shoot-outs and all, it's really great to sit in the audience and look at the before and after photos. I mean it's amazing. When I first joined this business, I just said, I -- hard to believe that you can do this.  What's happening today is it's becoming more common. I mean you go all around the world. It was -- it's not 1 or 2 doctors doing this. There's hundreds, if not thousands, that are doing incredible kinds of cases. And so -- which I think that more and more, it just lends credibility to this product line. It can do what we say now 90% of all the cases that are out there. That's not just because it's plastic, right? It is the whole system from how we 3D print, what plastic we use, the algorithms we use, how we constantly tweak it by the information that we have, driving a brand like this, having the kind of training. We talked about 200,000 doctors that we've trained who've gone through these things. This takes time to do, it takes expertise. And doctors need that confidence in understanding. And we feel we can give it to them better than anyone.
Joseph Hogan: You know, it just sounds like a terrible answer to you, but they're both. Really, we talk about 500 million patients out there that could use Invisalign treatment. We know that of the 15 million orthodontic cases, roughly 75% to 80% are teens -- I mean all those -- they're both huge opportunities. And there's not a difference from a technology standpoint or how you apply that technology to either of those that would make one easier to do or more beneficial than another. So honestly, both of those are great reservoirs of growth for us.
Joseph Hogan: Well, where you use iTero scanners, you train the doctors properly, you have the right products in a GP channel like iGo and different products like that. We get terrific uptake. I mean, you can't measure it the way you do share a chair at the orthodontic office. But we get -- our DSO business is significant now. It's meaningful that way. And it's one where that digital platform strategy, as you kind of outlined in your question, is what we employ. But again, we employ it in different ways, depending on how a DSO really wants to engage with us.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Jeff, it's a good question. It's just what we've seen. There's one definitive. If offices are shut down and patients aren't allowed to go to offices, we saw that. That happened in the second quarter, it happened all around the world. And then the term lockdown is used very loosely all around the world, what's a lockdown and what isn't. The situations like in India right now are a disaster, obviously, and people are very cautious. But the rest of the way around the world, what we see is it looks like communities and people have been able to manage this, okay? Is there any kind of a backlog of patients not going into dental offices because of that? I think in certain countries around the world, there is, but we can't really quantify that right now. And again, the breadth and depth of our demand pattern gives us confidence that we think we can predict around it.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. Well, iTero's been great for us, right? You have a good services business there. We announced the Plus series iTero, which is -- Erin, it's a breakthrough. I mean, it sounds like it's a derivative as far as incremental but it is really a strong platform. We talk about the artificial intelligence we've been able to embed in that machine. We see doctors, both on the GP side and the orthodontic side, really excited about it. This is not a promotional discussion in a sense of when you ask your question about how to promote it. There's nothing tricky there. What we do is we have a broad number of products. You have the NIRI product plus, which is the very high end of the product line. Then you have a flex system, which I mentioned in my opening, which is basically a wand itself and it's used with the -- a normal kind of a computer that's adapted to that. And it helps to get flexibility in the sense of what a customer wants to use or a doctor wants to use on both ends.  So I feel it's like how we take this to market, the different products that we have and the different way that we segment that is -- and then, obviously, if you want to do Invisalign, this is the front end, the key end of our digital platform and that's very attractive to both GPs and orthos that really want to do Invisalign. They know that iTero is critical for that.
Joseph Hogan: It's not a great answer for us, John, it's yes and no, okay? Depending on the severity and where it is, I can say yes. For the most part, we say no. And that's after the second quarter when, again, the definitive piece, if you shut offices down and you won't let patients in there, we're going to have an issue. But actually, after the second quarter, early third quarter, we've been dealing with lockdowns that are basically lockdowns of time frame, lockdowns of where people can travel, but not specific lockdowns of doctor offices. If the market stays away from that, we feel we're pretty good.
John Morici: And to add to your question, Nathan, the seasonality and things that we've seen in the past will continue. We would expect those to continue as we go through this year. So it's hard to compare year-over-year, especially in the first half. But going forward, it makes sense to look at it quarter-over-quarter.
John Morici: Yes. When you look at it, Nathan, it's about 75% comprehensive, 25% noncomprehensive. It can vary by quarter based on teen season and so on, but that's roughly the split there. And we're investing in both areas to be able to grow, whether it's on the ortho side or the GP side for those categories.
John Morici: Jason, this is John. We would look at Invisalign and our System and Services to grow at that midpoint in the second half, so around that 25% year-over-year across the business. And we're making investments and continued investments, as we've talked about, to really establish and continue our growth.
John Morici: I think we're not forecasting by each of the regions and so on from that. I think you can -- from our business, we're trying to grow teens. It's a great indicator for the penetration on the ortho side, and we'll continue to grow that, but not giving specifics by region.
John Morici: Well, we did see some FX benefit, as we called out, but it's a reflection of investing in this business, adding capacity, adding in places where we see the growth, and this was leveraging some of that -- those investments. So it's a reflection of the work that we have, the productivity that we can drive across the business, utilizing some of the facilities that we have and then benefit a bit from FX on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
John Morici: I think when we look at that, we'll leverage to ramp up that facility as fast as possible as a lot of volume can come through from EMEA. So I wouldn't look at that as a model for that. Remember what we did in China was a temporary facility to move to a greenfield, and this is a greenfield new facility to start with.
John Morici: I think when you look at it -- Kevin, this is John. I mean, we're looking to balance our growth opportunities with our margin. And in certain countries, you might be at different parts of that equation. But on balance, we're pleased with the gross margin. We've talked a lot about the investments, the productivity and other things that we see, and that continues. And it gives us a lot of flexibility to be able to invest.  But in a vastly underpenetrated market that we're in, making these investments to grow volume make a lot of sense to us. But we're always mindful of that balance between volume and margin.
John Morici: And that technology is brought about by investments, and we'll invest over $250 million this year alone in R&D to improve our systems and Invisalign for our customers. And that's an advantage. It's an advantage, like Joe said, over a period of time, but we're continuing to invest to make things better and better for our customers.
John Morici: You will see that. That's a good question, Jeff. We talked about that at our last Investor Day, about the $500 million combined kind of the marketing go-to-market plus the R&D. And what you'll see is as in success. And we've talked about a lot, as you know, where we see returns, where we see volume, where we see profitability, we're going to continue to make those investments. So as we go through this year, that number will most likely go up as we find success in these investments and find that right return.
John Morici: Yes. Brandon, when we look at -- we're pleased with our gross margin and margins that we had in the first quarter. A lot of things came together on that. When we look at the investments and the growth opportunities we have, we're not giving specific guidance around our gross margin. What you can see as it translates to op margins, it's a reflection of the growth opportunities we have, the investment opportunities that we have to be able to invest and grow in this business. And we can update as we go forward based on what we see.  Your other part of the question regarding kind of ASPs and so on. When you look at -- we have a breakout, and we show that on a regular basis between comprehensive and noncomprehensive. We don't expect any major fluctuation across our ASPs. The only thing that comes up, and we saw it in this quarter a bit was with currency changes. But in terms of the promotions and how we go about the business and how we're trying to drive growth, there's nothing out of the ordinary that would impact ASPs.
John Morici: Yes. Certainly, that is an impact. When you have -- as doctors grow through the tiers, they become more proficient. They had taken on more cases, whether they're on the ortho side or the GP side, we see them work their way through tiers. They do more cases, then we get that volume benefit. And then they'll see those discounts there.  We've had those programs in place. Those programs really help drive utilization and really talk to the utilization growth that you noted there. So those are programs that we've had. They're there to drive utilization, and it's something that we've used in our business and expect to continue to use.
