Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, Roger. Overall, I'm pleased to see our Q1 results, especially with respect to Invisalign volume. And as indicated by our guidance for Q2, we believe we can build on this good start. These results begin with stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and are driven by good execution of practice-building activities. Heading into Q2, we expect to keep our focus on driving increased activity in offices and better customer engagement, even as GPs, orthos and their patients all kind of heading in different directions with summer approaching. Fewer patients schedule routine dental care around the summer vacation period. As a result, many GP dental offices close for at least a few weeks. Our job and our challenge is to keep those GP offices engaged and their patients interested even through the early part of summer. On the other hand, Q2 also marks the beginning of the busy summer season for our ortho customers and teenager orthodontic case starts, and we would expect to continue to gain what we call share of chair among the North American orthos this year. At the same time, full appointment books for teens during the summer can crowd out adult consultations at the ortho office, so we'll stay actively engaged with our customers and with their potential adult and teen patients as we launch an exciting new consumer campaign in late May. On the international side of the business, we are looking forward to bringing the Asia Pacific team back in-house on May 1. We've now got a strong team in place there and are excited about the growth potential this region offers. And even though the summer is typically a slower season for case starts in Europe, we'll continue building our brand awareness in core European markets. Q2 will be a busy quarter, with numerous important initiatives underway or just launching, but we know that one of the best ways we can engage with our customers around the world and earn their confidence and increased utilization is by delivering product improvements and innovations that help them deliver great treatment results. We believe our new SmartTrack material is the most impactful of these recent innovations, with the right level of constant force, improved tooth control and greater comfort for patients. This will increase the number and complexity of cases doctors treat with Invisalign. I look forward to updating you on our progress as this year continues to unfold. And with that, let's get right to the questions.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Well, there's a couple of different things working. I'd say the biggest part of the challenge is that, as other dental companies go out there and report, I don't think anybody is going to be describing the dental market as easy right now. We believe we're going to do better than most, and the good news is, our customers report what we'll call -- we keep calling stable traffic. Not booming. GPs are still somewhat unwilling to try and upsell a more valuable procedure, and unless traffic improves a bit, we're going to have to keep working hard to make that happen. So that's maybe the back story. We do believe, within all that, there are opportunities to go after the ortho volume and certainly set ourselves up for summer. But I think the -- and then we have plenty of economic issues around the world that keep us from being more bullish. We think we can make good continued progress, and that's kind of how we're calling it.
Thomas M. Prescott: I wouldn't say the macro environment -- macro, I don't think it's getting any better. We tend not to overreact in the nearer term to the big macro elements like consumer sentiment, which is back down now, and others. We think the primary secular trend for us is patient traffic. If patient traffic, in general, trends up, we think we can over-perform, especially in the GP side. But I think what you're seeing is the total of all that already in market. No new trend, just the challenges of pushing that uphill a little bit. But again, I think we continue to feel solid about the overall growth story for the year.
Thomas M. Prescott: Matt, setting onetime charges aside, on a non-GAAP basis, and we describe our model that way, I will continue to say we expect we can approach the low end of our -- we believe we'll be comfortably within our volume and revenue guidance. And I won't mess with every other element other than to say, on an operating margin line, we believe we can approach the lower end of that, around 25%, by year end. And we believe that's important to do so, so we're going to keep working that way.
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me be thoughtful about how I respond, because we generally don't provide a detailed view of our pipeline. I think, as we described in the call, we -- if we go back to Q4, Bob, the evolution of our business was a pretty strong move towards the end of Q4. And that solid progress continued into Q1. Certainly, by the time we did our call, we were commenting on, in a qualitative way, about volume bouncing back. I would say the quarter generally evolved in a consistent way. Again, not tearing the cover off the ball here, but solid progress. I think SmartTrack and these other elements really helped engage the ortho community, and we're seeing that around the road as well, which is largely an ortho community outside North America for our customer base. Very responsive to anything that helps treat more complex cases, which is their norm. And then on the GP side, as long as we can have steady kind of patient traffic, our GP customers will at least stay involved. It would be helpful if it was more robust, but we can certainly work with what we've got. So again, our -- the business continues to evolve. We're not exactly linear, but I think it looks a little more predictable right now than it was during parts of 2012, notwithstanding what else could happen here. I don't think that answers your question.
Thomas M. Prescott: It's really the latter, Bob. We've actually done a fair amount of work talking to our customers, and in most cases -- and I'll set North America, where we've been dealing with Express 5 a bit longer, aside from the new i7 launch in the U.K. and Europe -- we have seen virtually no cannibalization. In fact, it's actually attracting some people that at least get started with just closing a very small space or reducing a very little bit of crowding. And what doctors are reporting for people that aren't ready to do a full treatment, $4,000, $5,000, $6,000 worth of treatment, they are in many cases getting engaged, finishing this 6 weeks, 8 weeks, 10 weeks of treatment and then saying, "Boy, when I can, I want to come back and do the rest of it, now that I'm really aware." So we think if there's any cannibalization right now, it's too small for us to measure. What it is doing is taking some share away from all the hundreds and thousands of little labs that have been apparently providing some of these very simple cases to both GPs and orthos. Or in some cases, an ortho may be doing a suck-down in their own labs. So for us, we saw this as something we could do better than most everybody else from a precision perspective. And done properly, we ought to be able to move more in 5 stages than anybody else in the world, and more predictably. So we think it's actually positive, and perhaps, it leads to a patient that only does a little bit of correction now but is now becoming much more aware of what they want, thinking about their broader treatment, they come back and do full-on. So I think it's maybe just the reverse over time. U.K. is a little differently with the austerity, and we started with -- in the U.K. for 2 reasons with the i7 pilot. One is we have a broader base of GP dentists there than elsewhere in Europe. And two, we've had, had some more localized competition there. And so we did a pilot, and we got great response for it. There's clearly a price point out there at the patient level, the consumer level, and there's an interest at the doctor level, both orthos and GPs. And so we've rolled that out across our direct geographies in Europe now, and we expect that, that'll take its place as maybe an entry offering for minor malocclusions. So we think it's upside in general. And again, I'll repeat, to the extent there's cannibalization, it's very, very small.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, given your less than wonderful setup about the goodwill, we have to separate, and we're responsible for good accounting. I'm going to pull apart, as we think about the business going forward, our ability to create economic value, which very much still exists as we think about the benefits over time aside from the reality of dealing with a softening outlook in the near to midterm, which we've got do to deal with in terms of our accounting processes. So I understand it's not what we'd like to be able to report, but we're going to deal with that reality. Moving forward, we know that scanning at the front end of the process is going to be a very valuable part of Invisalign going forward. You can see from roughly a 200 basis point per quarter increase on our iTero scanners alone what's going on with our own base. And all of the effects are positive there. So as we see the ability to move high-value applications like the outcome stimulator out to those kinds of platforms, we've known for a long time that if other potential scanner platforms could be made to work what we believe is the most demanding application in dentistry today, it's not a quadrant or individual tooth, even for surgical cases, this is full-arch, interproximal space, gingival margins, everything in detail, all having to be very accurate put together. That's been a very hard job for anybody else's scanner, which is one of the things that led us to Cadent in the first place. At the time, they were only scanner that even had a shot. So with that said, I would say from a strategic perspective, we're open-minded about considering some other scanners. But I'm not going to talk in more detail about what that path might look like or what the implications might be because it is an R&D project to consider, evaluate and ]qualify such a thing, and again, when there's news to report, we will do so.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, I guess we have a policy of, as a company, of open-window periods. And during this open-window period, the company was evaluating impairment, and we felt it constrained us from acting on any share repurchases. The same is exactly for board buybacks or sales. So I'll just say it that way. We've been consistent in the way we look at that policy.
Thomas M. Prescott: We've actually been doing some internal modeling, John, to answer that same question. I guess we're not ready to put it out there yet. But if I could, I would expect that it's probably going to go down a bit over time. And I don't want to put tighter dimensions than that because separating everything else aside, we expect mix to play a bigger role over time with the large base of GP customers in North America and price sensitivity around the world for simple cases. So that'll -- but in our view, that's a positive reason for average ASP to go down. We certainly have FX that gives and takes on a quarterly basis, but we usually speak to FX at a high level, so you can kind of back into what that might be. We're playing around the idea of putting out like a net adjusted ASP because there's puts and takes. We've added some new complexities, certainly, with midcourse correction pricing and those kinds of policy changes, change -- have some movement on ASP over time. But in general, because of mix and because of advantage, widening advantage programs, which we look at as a positive, and to a lesser extent promotions, we think pricing will be stable but will probably drift down a bit over time. Separate aside from onetime events where we might change policies like warranty or something like that.
Thomas M. Prescott: We consider looking at that all the time. We would certainly always reserve the right to do that. But we -- if anything, we're beefing up the value in that program, what it means to be Elite, Super Elite and Premier and making sure that value proposition is even better. We've not adjusted, to date, any of the pricing terms, numbers or anything else.
Thomas M. Prescott: No, if we had to stack up kind of in an activity-based cost model for our go-to-market, it's considered kind of gravy. Not a lot of effort go to those cases. These are -- in general, these are customers that have more experience with the product. So for them to go 5-stage case, it's really a scenario for them where a patient is probably declining full treatment and it may be right now for price. And they're saying, well, how about considering just a minor correction for $1,200 or $1,500. And the patient says, great. They were going to walk out and do nothing; instead, they're going to do something. Oftentimes, the conversations we're hearing may very well lead them to full treatment down the road with that doc. So our cost of that setup are roughly the same as any other case would be, and so our margins shouldn't be any worse.
Thomas M. Prescott: We're right on track with that. Our goal was to make sure they were in and running well before the end of the first half, and I think -- I'm looking at Shirley for a second. I'm not sure if that'll be updated in our Q filing here for our sales force, but it probably will be. So won't give the numbers now, but if you look in the Q in a few weeks, you'll probably see the latest kind of roster numbers.
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, good question. Well, I will say in the interim, Roger and Karen and other members of our outstanding finance team are doing a great job, and not a surprise to me, but they're doing a great job for us. We are see some real good talent. We're -- and I'm comfortable that process is progressing well.
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes, I want to be careful, a, not to speculate about what happens with customers and market and stuff like that, and b, I'd rather not speculate about either a good or bad outcome. The simple fact is we think roughly a year ago, they were taking a little bit of share. With think a lot of it was driven by Groupon, and they've kind of changed their model a bit where they've gone back more to a lab-based model, and I don't think they have a sales force really in place of much sorts right now. But they're working very hard and doing the best they can to make it, and we think we've retaken the share we believe we had lost. And if you look at Express 5, Express 10, it's hitting a price point where we're -- forget ClearCorrect for a moment. There's a lot of little labs producing 5-, 6-, 7-stage cases for doctors. I think that's the greenfield opportunity, more so than ClearCorrect. Again, I want to be very thoughtful about not thinking too far ahead with that or not thinking about scenarios. But we think the bigger opportunity is to engage the wider slice of dentistry over time for simple cases that are easy to do and are very clear and straightforward about what that patient -- what treatment that patient will end up with. So there's an awful lot out there, and over time, we hope to get at it.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, it certainly, we wind up -- as we said, we've kind of been front-running some OpEx as a way to transition this product. It's technically an acquisition, but very, very small. And the reality is we've been bridging -- without having control of the business, we've been bridging some OpEx support so that instead of kind of stepping back away, knowing there was an endpoint, the ownership could continue to build the business. And we've been bridging some of those customer events and those kind of things that were all agreed upon in advance. So we've already had some OpEx pressure and headwind as early as Q4 last year and into Q1, which we spoke about but didn't give dimensions to. We'll pick up that entire cost structure May 1, and over some months, I think, will be very comfortable that the volume will start to cover that. If you go back to our last annual report where we had a diagram, I think, Shirley, the number was 3% for our...
Thomas M. Prescott: In 2011 for our distributor geographies, just mapping this, that number would now -- doubling the revenue would be, taking out Asia Pacific, would be about 6% of the international. So I think it's going to double that overnight, and we're pretty comfortable that the contribution margins will work themselves out within a couple of months. But I think the bigger thing is we have an opportunity to leverage skills and experience across Asia where, in general, they're treating far more complex cases. And we're pretty excited about the quality of the Pan Asia team with a very small team based in Singapore, right perfectly the middle. So I think that's the opportunity, and I think we can leverage what's going on so well with these distributors with what we've done well and China and Japan direct. And over time, as I think I indicated, this can become a much more significant contributor to our long-term growth.
Thomas M. Prescott: In terms of -- well, first of all, we've been Asia for 5 years very quietly. Longer than that, 8.5 in Japan and 5 years in China, although we didn't have a -- because we actually set up our -- started setting up our entity in China that long ago, filing IP, et cetera. In terms of our distributor geographies, we've been very, very thoughtful and careful about everything you can imagine. And there's nothing new we've learned, and we've been -- this is as friendly a process as you can imagine, with a lot of contact with the entire -- it's a small team in total, but a lot of contact with the entire team, including all of our regulatory and compliance people, our sales leadership now with a very experienced medical device executive right there ensuring that we go do all the right things in all the right ways. But our -- when I say that a clear learning for us has less to do with the distributor team and more to do with the excitement from the customer base that they're going to be working directly with the company again, that'll just make it easier to get things done. And they are -- again, in Asia, they treat the most complex cases in the world. We have a -- I think we have 1 doctor in Japan treating a 93-stage case, which is headed towards 4 years of treatment. So they are very excited about the evolution of technology, and I think being able to more directly engage with them is going to help us accelerate their adoption. So I think we've got some work to do there. There'll be plenty more to report. But that is going to be -- that's going to be a good journey for all of us.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, it sounds like you're actually there trying to keep the economy going, Jeff. If I heard correctly, you're in Italy. So the reality is we have very, very small penetration, and there's still a fairly significant population that cares about aesthetics and about function. We see this in Germany, we see this in the U.K, we see this in Spain and Italy. And even in areas where there's real severe austerity and challenges that you can see, there are people with wealth that want a healthier and more beautiful smile, and we're tapping into that. The more we can, in a cost-effective way, engage directly with a consumer, and there are different rules in every country around medical devices and consumer marketing, the more effective we'll be at creating demand. And we're just starting to scale that now. So I think over time, and goodness, with any improvement at all in the economy in Europe, we should we be able to continue to do well.
Karen Silva: Steve. This is Karen. So the Vivera release of $4.4 million was folded in Q1. And going forward, we don't expect additional pops in revenue related to the Vivera consolidation.
Karen Silva: Yes. So in the Q1, we had a small release related to -- it was $1.4 million related to the 2.9 iTero program that we launched in the beginning of this quarter, and we do not foresee to run that program again, and we'll not have any additional onetime hits with that as well.
Karen Silva: Jonathan, so the $2.7 million is related to open cases. We're grandfathering in all those cases that are open to allow for midcourse correction.
