Tom Prescott: No, this is another significant evolution, more significant evolution than what we did last October, which really touched virtually every product. Features, functionality, software, et cetera. And this will be probably one of the largest releases in our history.
Tom Prescott: This is simply Align. We’re still in the early stages of defining a very different unmet set of needs for extremely complex cases. Today, they decline treatment because they don’t want just brackets and wires. And today, most orthodontists wouldn’t use Invisalign as their first choice. That’s why they have a totally different opportunity.Derek Leckow – Barrington Research Associates: Thanks. Let me jump back in the queue. I appreciate all the questions. Thanks a lot.
Tom Prescott: Well, maybe I’ll take the high level and Ken can speak in context of guidance. Again, when we sat here three months ago, we literally were announcing this to our customers as we announced it to you. And so there was some uncertainty for us. What played out during the quarter looked a little more normal for summer; orthodontists were at their office at trade shows and other kind of things. We saw GP’s that were trying to grow their practice, continuing to trying to grow their practice. Those GP practices that weren’t that engaged, didn’t do much. We didn’t see anything precipitous with the minimum case requirements going off the board. And again, I think we’ve worked through that now. We can put it behind us. And I think we have pretty good visibility going forward.
Tom Prescott: Well, we take every competitor very seriously. We are very prepared to compete. And we’re going to compete through continual evolution of the product, making it better, becoming a more indispensable partner with our practices that work with us, helping them grow their volume and their practice, bringing patients to their office, covering them with the best and largest sales force in the orthodontic industry. Our nearest competitor to us has as a sales force less than half our size and they focus on brackets and wires and may be some day a little bit of clear aligners. Our team focuses only on clear aligner therapy and is more practice management consultant than sales rep. So in addition, across the board we’re prepared to compete. That doesn’t mean we’re looking forward to it, but it’s predictable that the leaders in this industry are going to do things like try to enhance their existing products. In Dentsply case, their MTM which they’ve had for many years. In Ampco’s case they simplify. I think they’re probably looking around at the wreckage after the last economic downturn saying this is probably one of the only segments in the dental industry that actually grew. So if I was in their shoes, I’d do the same thing. And we’re going to make sure that we’re prepared to compete with that.Matt Dolan – Roth Capital Partners: Great, thanks for the time, guys.
Tom Prescott: Thanks, Jonathan. The short answer is it was successful and it wasn’t used as much as we had anticipated. The reason why we spoke about it in the detail we did was because from an accounting perspective we had to project the worst possible impact about $1 million in cost and it got integrated into our guidance. And so with that as the framework, it was used substantially less and the way it worked out it was targeted at those lower volume GP practices that were wanting to elevate their practice and doing marketing and making efforts with the Align rep. And during those Invisalign days or other marketing activities, the rep in the office having one of those in their pocket, if they felt there was a consumer those on the fence ready to start or not start a case they could use that for $250 coupon which could be redeemed if they started before June 31. The fact is probably less than a third or those or around a third of those were actually used for what were distributed out to the sales force for these purposes. And the feedback which is great feedback from our customers said, it wasn’t required to get them to say yes. So that’s a wonderful, wonderful problem. So it wasn’t used as much, there are no plans to do that in the future right now and it was a bit of a pilot and it accomplished a lot of its objectives.
Tom Prescott: Well, the answer is it’s really in the rear-view mirror for everybody. And there are no minimum case requirements. We’ve had lots of opportunities to talk to thousands of our customers, ortho’s and GP’s. And for the most part, the discussions we’re having with them is, even if they didn’t really like it they understand what we were trying to accomplish. And many of those practices are now significantly more engaged than they were before. So, the short answer again is yes, that is in the rear-view mirror.
Tom Prescott: So I mean, the geographies we’re talking about are very different with very different dynamics. I guess, it was slightly better news that came out today about European kind of the 16 countries in euro zone that are reporting slightly better economic activity and growth, which may be takes some broad risk off the table. I don’t know if that’s the answer. But the bigger fact for us, Robert is that we’re just very, very under-penetrated into an existing market. And then on the margin, our cost effective efforts to expand the category, expand the market are being rewarded. So there are still a very large number of potential patients. We’re decades behind some of the other aesthetic procedures and growth into the latent demand for ophthalmology and some other aesthetic kinds of procedures. So I think the blessing here is for us that we don’t yet track the broader market, because we have a slow penetration. If I break that down a bit more, what we hear from our customers in North America and Europe is schedules are solid and full. They’re doing a lot of consults. They’ve learned to fight a little more for the business. They aren’t taking it for granted, so I think they’re probably working a bit harder. The orthodontists we talk to are extremely engaged. In North America they’re real busy time, and they’re at it hard. In Europe they’re kind of tying up loose ends before everybody disappears for middle of July kind of turns to the late August and they disappear on holiday. So it’s pretty quiet over there. But business is solid. If I get more focused in Europe, probably Germany has been a softer market in general, probably a bit more conservative. UK, Italy, Spain and some others have been really good. But again, the bigger fact is that our penetration is still very low, and at least where we are as a player and as a segment, we don’t yet track market.
Ken Arola: And Derek, this is Ken, just to add to that. It’s not specifically a product, but as Tom said features and functionality in the product and easier to use engagement with the doctors through our software systems.
Ken Arola: Well, Jose, I guess I’d answer your question as the following. We have our long-term model out there. We’ve articulated that in the past. We’re certainly very pleased that we’ve been exceeding that model in the recent quarters. But for the long-term, and our prospects of the business we still think that’s the right long-term model to be running under. And it does a couple things; it allows us to continue to invest on strategic initiatives. At the same time, we think it’s providing us an opportunity to drive additional shareholder value over the longer term, while making those investments.
Ken Arola: The model we have out there is 73 to 78 and we’re not providing any update on that. And we think we’ll be driving within that range for the foreseeable future.
Ken Arola: Well, the biggest driver as far as margins are concerned, gross margins are concerned is volume. So as you know when we have a significant uptick in revenues or on case shipments in a quarter, that gives us more leverage in our factories, because they’re relatively fixed cost in the factory, both in Juarez as well as Costa Rica, at least in the short-term perspective. Now over time, given case volumes and projected growth in the business, we continue to look at capacity and those types of things. We think we have ample capacity right now. And so if we continue to drive additional case volume in the business, keeping those margins in the range that we have out there as a long-term model. Now the other thing I would say is, don’t forget that we do business in core Europe, in euros, so we are subject to exchange rate impacts there. We saw some of that this quarter from quarter one to quarter two, which puts a little bit of downward pressure on margins. And then we’re continuing to just every year drive additional efficiency into the factories.
Ken Arola: Sure. So I’ll go back to kind of the same answer that which is our long-term model out there. We’re not updating at this point in time. We still again feel it’s the right model to be running the business under. Over the long-term just going back to investments we want to make, and I’ll use China as an example, we’re going to looking at regulatory approval and then we’ll be building up a team over there, a small team but, its investment for us for the long-term revenue opportunities. Over the past quarter, we had some savings in the G&A area on our OpEx for reasons that were good reasons. Our receivables are in excellent shape on days sales outstanding. So we had no requirement for bad debt reserves in the quarter. We under spent in some legal fees in the quarter and other areas. And we’re seeing that flow through the P&L here right now. So I think we’re being very mindful of our spend in the business and the restructuring we took when in late 2008, we started seeing some benefit over the second half of 2009 and we’re just continuing to be diligent about our spending and making sure we’re spending on the right things.
Ken Arola: So with our guidance in relation to currency, we think there’s going to be some impact and we built some impact in there just like we saw this past quarter for core Europe. Other than that the only other things really impacting our ASPs is actually more in a favorable direction offsetting some of that potential FX impact is this past quarter we had an additional 15% rebate that we provided to our premiere and elite doctors. That was a one-quarter promotion for those doctors in quarter two and we’re not repeating that in quarter three. So we’ll have some upside from and a little less discounting there and as well as on we only ran the rebate program in quarter two and that’s not repeating in quarter three. So that will have some upward pressure on ASPs.
