David L. White: Hi, Nathan, it's David. Thanks for the question. As it relates to ASPs in the fourth quarter and the outlook as it relates there, too, we are expecting a modest increase in ASPs in Q4, not actually that substantial, primarily due to fewer promotions we run in Q4 versus what we typically do in third quarter. The other piece of it is that we implemented a price increase internationally in July and it takes a while for that price increase to work its way through work-in-process and cases that are in various stages of submission. And so ,we only got a partial benefit of that last quarter. We expect to get full benefit of that this quarter. So, those are the two things factoring from a positive standpoint. There is a little bit of FX headwind, but not very much, but a little bit positive on the ASP.
David L. White: So, possibly two questions there. As it relates to operating margin, our Q4 visibility, if you kind of drill down a little bit into it, you'll see that our guidance for gross margin is pretty consistent with our actual results in Q3. And where the uplift really in operating margin in Q4 comes from is the fact that our operating expenses are going down slightly quarter-over-quarter on higher revenue. And so that's the principal driver. I think it's about nine points of the operating margin increase quarter-over-quarter is that factor right there.
David L. White: And typically, John, as you know, the industry has typically grown in low single-digits. And so nothing substantial has changed in that standpoint.
David L. White: So, (sic) Robbie, on the Scanner business it really has little to do I think with seasonality and everything to do with the cycle we're at in terms of transitioning from our historical Scanner, which we called 2.9, to our new scanner called Element. And we began shipping that product in September and up until that point in time we had been winding down the sale of the older 2.9. So it's more a function of that than anything else.
David L. White: So, to the first part of that that you asked as it relates to some of the seasonality you might see in our performance, financially and so forth, you're right to call that Q1 typically is down for us. And largely, for things that are external to the company like the fact that payroll taxes start over. We have a lot of employees here in the U.S. whose payroll taxes start over and our portion of that that we have to pay. At the same time, we have internal items that influence that, such as we have focal salary reviews and increases – performance reviews and increases at that point in time. So those all put pressure, you might say, on operating expense uplift in Q1. And then, when you add to that the fact that, when we go through our annual operating plan cycle, we go through a process that looks at basically our baseline organic business in terms of what do we think our business can sustain without any additional resources, and then we look at that relative to where do we have investment opportunities and how would those investment opportunities drive both short-term as well as long-term growth of the top line and penetration into the business. And a lot of times, those investments all get made early in the beginning of the year as well, and this last year – this year that we're currently in is a case in point. We made investments in all three of our regions at the beginning of the year to begin driving further penetration within existing doctors and bringing new doctors into the family, so to speak. So there is that piece of it. I think you should anticipate that we will, as our historical pattern has shown, that we'll be making large investments, incremental investments as we move into 2016 and that that will create some downward pressure on Q1. And hopefully by the time we get to the end of the year, we begin seeing a lot of uplift to our business as we're seeing this year. Longer-term than that, Joe mentioned the fact that we see a pretty good correlation between our investments that we make in the field and investments that we make in products, one driving adoption, the other driving doctor coverage and so forth. I think that will be our business for a while. I think our challenge long-term is finding the right balance between the investments that we believe we can execute on, and at the same time, be good caretakers of being financially responsible for finding that right balance between our short-term performance and our long-term performance. So our long-term model that we've talked about historically, we still believe that's the right model for us, and that's where we'll continue to strive the business.
David L. White: Well, we do have some ASP uplift. But we also have a higher training volume during this quarter, which typically is with lower gross margin. So that tends to hold some of that uplift back as a result. The other piece of it is that we are shipping our Element product this quarter, and Element, although it is a much better business model, you might say, for our company in many respects and I think also for the doctor and it does have a higher gross margin than the older version, it is still below our clear aligner overall gross margin. And so as that Element business picks up, that also puts some downward pressure, you might say, on the gross margin, just from a mix standpoint.
David L. White: And back to your question about impact, we gave some guidance at the beginning of the year that we thought OSA would be somewhere around a 1 point cost on revenue. And you'll see in the slides that we've provided on the webcast in the quarter the wind-down cost on that was about $0.02 a share.
David L. White: So, Robbie, as we've talked about in the past, there's a lot of variables that make up our ASP. And they come down – if I summarize them at the highest level, they come down to product mix, doctor mix, and – let me focus on those two for a second. So when you look at product mix, certainly lower-stage products and so forth are going to drive down – all other things being equal, a richer mix of lower-stage products will obviously bring ASPs down. And from time to time you're going to see us running promotions and so forth to incent doctors to give those low-stage cases, prize and so forth. But ultimately an objective for many doctors is to treat those and to get them to not only treat the simple cases but get them to build their clinical confidence on those simple cases and begin adopting full cases, where they feel they're capable and confident that they can do so. So you're going to see some ups and downs on product mix. And as we introduce new products in the future and so forth, I think you can anticipate that most of our R&D effort is focused on improving the clinical efficacy in those more complex cases. I think you'll see pressure from a product mix standpoint going in the other direction. So I wouldn't be too fixated I think on the last quarter or so as we ran some promotions on that case. We've said over time that over the long period we think ASPs can be relatively stable, plus or minus. And the other piece that kind of enters into it, the second piece I forgot to mention is when you look at the types of doctors we're bringing in. So as we dabble and penetrate and so forth the GP market, those doctors that are submitting lower cases are typically paying higher prices for those cases. As those doctors get engaged, whether they're GPs or orthos, they have an opportunity to participate in volume discounts. And so as we improve utilization in either the GP channel or in the ortho channel, we basically share, you might say, with those doctors some of the economic benefits of that adoption from the standpoint they get higher discounts and of course we're getting more volume as a result. And depending upon how that mix is from one quarter to the next, you're going to see some volatility, you might say, in ASPs. So for example in Q3 we know it's a heavy quarter for teens, particularly here in North America, and that typically goes to orthos. And when you look at ortho adoption, our ortho doctors are typically the ones that participate more regularly in those advantage pricing tiers and so forth. So I wouldn't get too fixated with some ups and downs that you're going to see quarter-to-quarter. And as I said a minute ago, over the long term we think ASPs will be stable, plus or minus.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think versus last year is, first of all, you have to look at North America. I mean, it's the strongest comparison that we have year-over-year because they did have a poor 2014 then. And so if you look at, the growth has been there, the orthodontic sector has been terrific for us. You can see we have a penetration rate there that's a record at 9.9. And so that's very significant. We are seeing growth again in the GP area and double-digit growth that we hadn't experienced in North America prior to that in the few previous years. So I think overall that's probably one of the biggest variance I'd say year-to-year. What we had from a continuous standpoint, is you can see the terrific growth we have going on in EMEA right now in Europe and also the continued growth that we have in APAC also, which is very strong. And so, that's continued momentum and it's also on top of some pretty strong numbers from last year. So, I think those four variables I would say, Steve, overall are the big drivers.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, I think there's an aspect of GP that we don't go deep in GP right now, we go wide. So you can see we have about 2.9 or 3 cases per GP unit versus 9.9 cases on ortho. As we add sales people, we know we get more sales in GP. We have to work on and I think what you said, I haven't talked about that a lot, I'm not enthusiastic about it I think what your words were. I am, it's just we have to do better at penetration in that segment and that's what we really have to work on.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, I think we have a favorable market behind us, John, is the way that I'd answer that question. I mean, we don't have a down market behind us, and that kind of market momentum is really helpful. To tell you how many points of growth that I think have to do with the market itself versus what we're driving from a penetration standpoint, I really don't have that kind of information. And so, I can't give you the specifics like that. But it's beneficial to have a market that's growing behind you.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, I mean priority is obviously growth in profitability overall for the company from a growth standpoint, John, staying on your original question. The international part is a big part of our growth and where you're going to see us continue to invest heavily in that area to drive the growth that we think we can get there. But that doesn't mean we'll negate North America. North America is a big market. There is kind of a lot of a law of large number issue in North America, we report lower percentages. But when you look at case volumes, they could be fairly close together. And so you'll see us continue to invest pretty aggressively from a distribution standpoint in all three regions.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think you can ask that question two ways, John. Is it a negative driver in the sense we see people trying to maybe take advantage of the policy? And then the other side of it is how comfortable does it make our customer base. We haven't seen any variant that would say that this is being abused in some way. And really I've been personally amazed that a number of comments that I get really all over the world on that change. And there is no question it is exactly the way the team represented us before I got here is that this was the number one biggest attractor that we had in the marketplace regarding our product and our policies. I'll give you an example. We talked about in our script about the Spain program that we had this year and that we just got back from. I had several doctors come up to me and just say, you know, Joe, it really increases my clinical confidence to have this policy changed. And they said because we feel like you have our back, if we run into an issue with something. It's a difficult case in some way, we don't feel like we're stranded. And I never thought that that would be one of the side effects or secondary effects of making that kind of a change. So it's been overwhelmingly received in a very positive way. And I think some of the surveys that I know you guys do and that I read, you can see a lot of the dentists that are surveyed on this will tell you that they feel happy about that and they'll be more aggressive about using Invisalign in the future, and that was the purpose of what we did.
Joseph M. Hogan: The quick answer, Jeff, is no. China continues to be very strong. We had a good, strong September here in North America, too. I understand the basis of your question; I worry about it, too. What's the economic activity going on in those particular areas? But right now I'm not seeing any effect on the business in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hi, Jon, I think on the ortho channel side – I'll just start with that question before I back up what GP is. I think you'll see, just getting used to the statistics in this business, but I think you'll see that it normally goes down from third quarter to fourth quarter on the penetration rate. And it has to do with the teen cases that tend to come in in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So I think what you might you see is a little lower penetration rate on the ortho side for North America as we go into the fourth quarter. But that's just statistical and based on year-to-year. There is nothing in a sense of the demand pattern to think that we see any interest that we have in orthos on that. On the GP side, Jon, I'm just – again, my newness in this business makes me more cautious than I normally am. But what the correlation I see right now on the GP side is you have to make sure that you continue to approach this market in the GP side with sales people, because it's hard for us to have any really meaningful increase when you look at the amount of utilization that's going on in that channel. And so we've proven so far I think in 2015 is if you add sales people to this, there is a marketplace we can continue to get growth. There are some sales models that we're transferring in from – in Europe from a penetration standpoint – that we're going to employ in North America next year as a trial to see if we can help with some of that penetration. That will apply both to ortho and GP, too. Secondly is, and we talked to you before about the sales associates that we've added recently, which are basically what I would say back office support that actually make phone calls and all to customers andnot direct. We've seen some success with that model, too, and I think that might help us on the GP sector also in the sense of how do we go about that, how do we really – I've talked about this before too, Jon – how do we really segment that marketplace to see where we think we can get further penetration with doctors that are truly interested and taking Invisalign to another level, versus doctors that might just be curious on it and wanting to work with it, not necessarily in the in-depth way that we would want.
Joseph M. Hogan: I'll let David do the quantification, Chris. I'd say that when you look at that, it's not that we didn't that OSA was a good market. In fact, it might be a good market for some company at some point in time in the sense of how that can compete against other kinds of opportunities out there. But from us, we have I feel much better places in our core market to invest that money right now and that's what we're going to do in the future is just stay focused.
