Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Bob, it's a good question. (26:05) going into quarter two is unfortunately, we don't do single variable equations around here. We have a number of things we've done with teens. And again, we'll make it more complicated as we get into more intense advertising in the second quarter. But you mentioned teen challenge, we think certainly had an impact in this sense, I think, some of the changes we've made on Doc Locator in a sense of the specificity of the patient directed into accounts, is part of that also. Also our next level partnership parts with customers, which basically takes customers to another level depending upon the share of business that we're going to see or the accelerated growth level that it can provide to us. Remember, Bob, when you go back about 75% of the normal orthodontic cases in the United States are teen-based. So if you want to do more Invisalign, it's going to be hard to just dip into adults if you really want to increase in that sense and you have to look at your teen business too. So I'd say those three major valuables is what really we drove from a North American standpoint for teen growth in the first quarter.
Joseph M. Hogan: I can't give you – John can help you on the dimensions of it. But I'd say when you talk about the mandibular advancement, which is a completely different animal than the – like the 15 stage we have for Lite. The Lite product fits really well when you think about E5, E10 and now E15. Customers can understand it they can integrate it. We saw really rapid uptake with that product line. When you come up with new products in this business like mandibular advancement, the infusion rate into the marketplace is slow. You really – you have dentists and orthodontists who want to try the product, they want to see how it works. They're just cautious on the front-end until they gain confidence with it. So I mean, mandibular advancement, remember we don't have a 5 and 10-K in the United States yet. We have to – that will occur later this year. We hope so. But we'll launch it directly around the world. That product is truly a breakthrough. We have to work hard from a peer-to-peer standpoint to help to promote it, whatever. But it gives us more credibility again in that teen market than we had before. But I wouldn't look at significant – I wouldn't look at material numbers from mandibular advancement in 2017 in any way, it will be how fast we can infuse that product in the marketplace.
Joseph M. Hogan: I'll take the first one. I give John the second one on this one, Steve. On our growth trial on one week wear piece again, it's hard to pull that signal out from the volume noise, I'd call it. But what we see is, we're seeing rapid uptake by our orthodontists and GPs on moving to seven day kind of aligner wear. We're also getting good feedback in a sense that helps them in a close cycle with patients to know that those particular episodes are going to last some time – half the time of when another one was. So it becomes another item in that discussion that's really helpful. So it's certainly helping us, again, but I can't quantify to the extent of what it is. As far as the U.S. and the faster piece that you mentioned before, John will do it, Steve.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah, Rich, I'd say, we announced July last year the SDC relationship that we have. This caused a lot of turmoil in the industry in a sense of what we did and why we did. We continue to explain to our customer base in the sense of a logic behind that. Their business continues to expand and the market continues to expand. So I think there – I can't tell you that this will ever go away. There's still I would quantify is a large amount of anxiety in the marketplace. I don't think that will change. What I do find though, Rich, is that customers that do a significant amount in Invisalign and have a good relationship with Align tend to understand this more or accept it more. Once it happens and once its stay more in the metals and brackets, I think it'd been more voice for us or more concern than some of our – now that's empirical. I can't give you any statistics specifically on our customer based on that. But it's what I feel. But I – overall, I think as time goes on and the orthodontic market continues to expand as well as the consumer market continues to expand, and the – I think it generates, as we said before, huge amount of business goes for the GPs and the orthos that use Invisalign and we'll continue to recycle patients that don't fit the protocols that SDC has into the current customer base that we have. So I just say we have to keep working it, Rich. If we're not out of the woods in the sense of discomfort of our customers. But we'll keep driving the same message, we'll keep bringing business into those accounts, to help those accounts grow and hopefully they'll reach a high comfort level over time.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah, Steve. I think, I mean I saw that too. It's pretty well presented by ClearCorrect. I think if you have kind of product that they have, that's a pretty simple way to go to marketplace. And so we don't see that changing our strategy because when you look at the sophistication of our product line and how it is directed towards certain malocclusions and the number aligners associated with it, our pricing makes sense in that way. But if you're ClearCorrect, I'd say that that was a simple way to go about it. And I think it makes sense in that into the marketplace.
Joseph M. Hogan: Jon, that's a great question. They came back very strong in that sense. I would say that in this case, we continue to do incredibly well in Spain. You see us in the U.K., both from a GP standpoint, orthodontics standpoint continues to grow and we're seeing great strength out of Germany also, France. So by country, when I look at that and again I've spent a lot of years over in Europe too, all those countries are so different when you see that kind of acceleration and growth across each one of those countries, the team is executing well on the strategy across all the different cultures. I honestly would say it's hard to explain exactly what happened in the fourth quarter in EMEA. I would tell you that internally, we probably did not guess the vacation schedule as well as what happened in Europe. And we had some bleed over, obviously, from a case shipment standpoint. And I'd say in general, we as a company, we haven't anticipated well the turndown in the holidays in Europe and how that can affect case growth. So I think behind your question, Jon, there's – we're executing well over there, we're excited about it. Obviously, this expansion that we've done in the Middle East and Russia with this next distributor acquisition is something we know how to do. We've proven we really can grow from that. I'm confident we can continue to drive some pretty impressive numbers out of Europe as the team continues to execute there.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yes, Jon, I'd say we think that this is helping to stimulate the whole clear aligner category. SDCs, they spend a lot of money, they're very good in a sense of how they advertise. We see that as we go to marketplace too. So I do think that's a component in the growth of the marketplace right now. I'd also caution you, Jon, as the other clear aligner companies come in, I don't expect big consumer spend. These are companies that you normally just sell to orthodontists through their channels or through distribution channels. They're not used to massive consumer advertising campaigns and the associated – expense associated with that. So I'm not so sure that the next list of competitors, and you can reel them off as much as I can, are going to come into the marketplace with that kind of gunpowder to go directly to consumer. I don't think the SDC and our model will be broadly duplicated with the next round of competition.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hi, Brandon, it's Joe. I'd say it's in line to trending up. Maybe slightly stronger than what we thought. I'd say it straight and probably came from like we mentioned DSOs more than anything. And I work with them. So we thought good about the quarter in that sense. And they're not dramatic, but let's say trending up.
Joseph M. Hogan: That's always kind of a magic question around the table here is – we do know that we do see an uptick and uses of Invisalign when we sell Invisalign and account. Usually, that account has already been associated with Invisalign in some way, Brandon. So, but we haven't been able to quantify that. Sometimes, it's a blip, sometimes it's bigger. Sometimes it tends to kind of fall back down to the initial line as an Invisalign customer some point. But we certainly know that once your customer does get an Invisalign scanner, they tend to do more Invisalign cases. And frankly, we can bring more power to that customer in the sense of the software and the ease of the use of the product line that we really start to build in with the iTero scanner. As far as how many we sell to non-Invisalign accounts, I really don't have that data and I don't think we've kept track of that data at all.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, I mean we're seeing an increase of orthodontic patients through the orthodontists that we track and we talk to, John. So we do have a healthy orthodontic market behind us. There's no doubt. I think our team expansion shows that we have taken significant share in that area too. So look, it's wonderful to have a good – a stronger market behind you like that, but this is a story of a strong market and a share shipped at the same time.
Joseph M. Hogan: Look, it kind of – John, you led the question really well, I mean it's kind of a story at a DSO level. As soon as you join the DSO, it's all about growth, right. And we're trying to transfer best practices on growth and efficiency across all the different units that they have. Invisalign is a great story because you can attract more patients with Invisalign, you have a different revenue source and you tend those patients to attract with Invisalign. You tend to keep them over time, too. And so, we incentivize these customers, we train them as much as we possibly can, with more work to make it as easy to use Invisalign as possible. And it's worked out well. Obviously, Heartland has been a good partner for us and several other DSOs that we have out there. And it's a good business partnership in that sense, but a lot of work we have to do to work together to get the right advertising in place, demographics from a patient identification standpoint, the training is necessary for each one of those. DSOs can really help to facilitate that based on a kind of organization that they are.
John F. Morici: Yeah, I mean, teen growth, we have an overall growth model built in. This is definitely faster than we had built in initially and that's what led to some of our offside that we saw in the first quarter. So teen was definitely stronger than we would've modeled out so far this year.
John F. Morici: Yeah, I'll take that one, Rich, this is John. The impact is very, very small when we get closed those deals in the first quarter, so there's really not much of a material effect that we saw. But it is in line with our overall strategy where we want to be able to have our own sales team, go to – work in those markets and try to grow faster. So it continues and it's part of our strategy, but there really is a really small factor to start in the first quarter. Thank you.
John F. Morici: Okay, Jeff. This is John. I'll take the question. On revenue, what we've seen in the first half is you saw great performance in the first quarter. We continue to see that as we head into the second quarter. Strong performance and we're guiding to the high side of what we had in our long-term model of case shipments on our high side of 27%. Our strategies are playing out. We're seeing that in what we've seen in volume and that's why we felt comfortable of taking this to the high-end of our guidance to closer to the 25% for the year. And as we get through this quarter and the second quarter, we'll revisit that if the volume continues to where we see it. So right now, it's not being conservative. We're just kind of calling what we see. And then in terms of the growth that you saw – that you were talking about, was this specifically for international or are you – was it...
John F. Morici: Yeah. I mean so we definitely still have volume opportunities in these developing countries. So that is growth opportunities for us. We've mentioned on our earlier part of this call about some of the distributor deals and some of the things that we're going direct. That should help us with some of the volume. But we're still seeing a lot of growth and a lot of opportunities in places like China and parts of EMEA and so on. And we're going to continue to push for that growth where we can and we expect it to continue to keep growing like it has.
John F. Morici: Yeah. I mean, what we've seen, Jeff, so far is we've invested as we have really last year and now into this year upfront with a lot of our sales initiatives, some of our marketing expenses upfront. We're seeing that volume come through and that's happened in the first quarter and expected to continue into the year. And that's what gives us confidence in holding our margin rate flat to slightly up from last year.
John F. Morici: Yeah, Robert. It's something that we've worked hard within the companies to try to improve. It's not – the big ERP implementation we had was last July. But we've also been putting on additional entities and going live on our new ERP. And that has caused us to struggle a little bit in terms of getting some of those collections and moving from one system to another, getting customers and our collectors to kind of be in sync. We expect that it's going to start to come down as we go through this year. And some of the initiatives that we have that to be able to really focus on those collections and also work on our ERP to make sure that we're able to fix some of these issues that we have. But we expect it to start coming down.
John F. Morici: Now what we've seen is as we've tested and has gone through, it's taking longer for us to collect but it's not turned into bad debt. It's just a slower pain that we normally experience. But the bad debt has not increased.
