Joseph M. Hogan: Thanks, John, and thanks to those for joining the call today. I'm pleased with our start to 2018 as well as our continued progress and execution of our strategic growth drivers. There are a lot of changes happening in Dentistry and Orthodontics today. But the industry remains healthy and I think customers are starting to see new opportunities for how they treat patients and reach new customers. We're looking forward to an exciting and productive AAO Meeting in Washington, D.C. where we'll get to showcase our new products on the scanner side and also with Invisalign First. We're also going to have a pop up version of our Invisalign pilot store as a way to answer customer questions and to get their perspective on our program. Then, we'll be in Singapore at the end of May, hosting our third Asia-Pacific Summit. We will be expecting about 1,000 delegates from across the region attending a two-day peer-to-peer education event. We've got a lot going on in Q2 and I look forward to sharing more with you at our upcoming financial conference at our Investor Day in New York on May 23. Thinking about Monday for sure. On May 23. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator, and we'll open up to your questions. Thank you.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, we had an aggressive plan for the year. But to start off, Bob, I'd say, if you look at the international business, it continues to be very strong with APAC and EMEA, really good performance in the Americas particularly around North America, too. We started to segment it. You mentioned it. Our teen product is up pretty substantially that way. iTero sales have been terrific in that sense. We talked about how customers more and more are recognizing that whole digital workflow and how important it is. And you can see with our scanning now North American being close to 67%, that's just really working out well. And we know when they purchase iTero scanner, we see more Invisalign sales. Lastly, I'd say our segmentation – I mentioned it in my script too, is the segmentation of GP and Ortho very specifically and also segmenting consumers in the sense of our Concierge service and how more and more we target consumers and lead them into specific docs from a Doc Locator standpoint. And that's gone a little better than expected too. So, overall, the company has been executing well across geographies and across our segmentation and product plans.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. First of all, those 600 cases we did, that product launches in July. Those were actually just cases we put in place from a clinical study standpoint to prove the whole thing. So, really, that 600 is – I mean, you're going to see us do more and more clinical work like that to do a lot of cases, Bob, just to make sure that we have good evidence for our customer bases we go out there to work on. Secondly, when you look at the teen marketplace, palatal expansion, or what we call Phase 1 represents about 20% of the marketplace. Now, this is dental expansion. It's not morphology or bone expansion like you have in rapid palatal expansion. So, in the past, we said we've roughly can do 60% to 65% of the cases with Invisalign. What Invisalign First dental expansion does is expand that that market served opportunity another 10%. And then, we'll follow that with a rapid palatal expander that we're currently going through now, and that will increase it another 10%, too, so we can cover that whole 20% Phase 1 part that you have with teens out there. And that also has a good entree for us because often it's Phase 1, Phase 2 treatments were teens or young children that are 7 to 8 age have the palate expansion play and then it goes on to dental kind of work from an orthodontic standpoint later on in their teens. And so, there's a good transition period for that, too. So it's a great product. It's targeting that segment of the marketplace that we haven't had technology at before and it's specifically an orthodontic product that we've developed here.
Joseph M. Hogan: We can't really get into specifics. And obviously, we're going through litigation, we have to work through litigation. I'll just say we continue to have a good relationship with David and his team, and we just have a disagreement in the sense of obviously the contract that we're in and we're going to work through this from a litigation standpoint, so as that develops, we'll be able to be more clear with you as to what's going on.
Joseph M. Hogan: Brandon, first of all, we didn't pull those forward. That was in our plan as we had for 2018 and we're just sequentially putting them in. And we've learned – honestly, these stores, we've learned a lot in the sense and these – what we learn helps our doctors an awful lot too about how you take a basic consumer and you turn them into a patient. We learned that visualization is really important. The speed of that visualization, I mean, you scan, you can show a patient what their teeth are going to look like with certain kind of treatment options, gives them a lot of confidence then to go to a doctor and to see a doctor and to complete that treatment piece. We've learned a lot about our software too in the sense of how it has to respond from a patient standpoint. There's also a lot that we're doing from a marketing standpoint in the sense of turning interest from a consumer over to a store and then back to a doc. In other words, turning consumers into patients also. Through all that, I'll tell you the iTero scanner again is really critical in being able to do this. It's really the key on the visualization piece. But also, our treatment software planning in the sense of making it as real time as possible, so patients can see how their teeth will move and what their smile will look like. Those combinations become really important, not just in the store, but as we translate that software to our doctor partners.
Joseph M. Hogan: No, we haven't seen any change at all, John. I mean, we – I mean, the same cast of competitors are still out there that we had before. Obviously, we expect the 3M product at the AAO. We are pretty sure to see one there. We saw the supply announcement at the MTM expansion in the 510(k) that they've done. But we haven't seen that translated to any kind of strategy or implementation in the marketplace yet. We expect to see that in the second half. Our guess, John, is pretty much what we've been telling you and the rest of the teams over the last couple years is, we expect this to be midrange products. So in the 26 aligner or less kind of an area, we expected kind of a slow ramp up just because of the nature of how you have to scale in this business takes some time in treatment planning and also manufacturing. So I mean, you can see with our kind of bullish forecast for the second half of the year that John just called. We pretty much had this in place in the sense of what we thought we would face and we haven't really changed that analysis since we put the plan together last year.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think – it's Dr. Joe Hogan. We're excited about that. I mean, our growth in China, China is our second largest market, our growth over there has been tremendous. It's hard to believe that right now everything we do in China is basically PVC impression. So and I mentioned in my script about 2% penetration of intraoral scanners in China. So from a competitive standpoint, our market is wide open in this sense and you could see that from those kind of – now we have to sell, we have to train, there's a lot of things we learned in Japan, because the iTero scanner being approved in Japan last year in the sense of how you have to ramp up and a lot of technology and people to bring our customers up to speed and saw that friction we are anticipating for this year as we ramp up in China, we're putting people in place and training in place, to be able to get that done.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Kevin. It's Joe. First of all, I'd say from a math standpoint, the ramp overseas, this is just a product that's unique. You obviously address mandibular issues and these are people, teens that are between the ages of 10 and 12 usually with that bone development through a jaw standpoint. And there's really nothing in the world to tell you have twin block and things like this, that's looks like a torture device basically with metal that's used to move kids forward with also composites. What this does is it moves your jaw forward with removable aligners and also straightens your teeth at the same time. So it's a true breakthrough for that end of the market and I think that's why you see really good pickup. Secondly is all of these products as it moves in the United States, I wouldn't model some kind of huge increase in teens because of mandibular advancement in the United States, because there is always a slow takeoff of this because orthodontist want to try it, they want to see success with their patients, they build that kind of credibility to the product line, they continue to move on. So from a North America standpoint, this is more of a 2019 discussion with math in the sense of maybe significant kinds of opportunities than I would say in the second half of this year
Joseph M. Hogan: Kevin, I'd say look there's increasing awareness because I mean, it's mainly SDC in North America has really extensive advertising and so it's hard to watch TV and not run into in Invisalign ad or an SDC ad in that sense. But I wouldn't say, our customers always want lower prices like almost any other customers in the world, and anything else to sell. So I wouldn't say that the SDC price range has created more sensitivity with our orthodontic and GP customers out there. I will say that there is a price elasticity curve and obviously that kind of lower very I'd say minor type of tooth movement kind of things that opens up a new segment in the marketplace that frankly hasn't been serviced in a big way before. And so I think it just makes doctors aware of the more of a segmentation in the market of not doing a full bite correction, but just doing maybe your social six or just correcting a smile that someone is not comfortable with, that's a new segment in the market. It's priced in a different way and I'd say that's not a pushback on us on price it's more of a look at how to service those patients or what's the best products to do that with.
Joseph M. Hogan: You know I don't – you know, it's not magic and it's not a surprise Steve I'd say. First of all SDO – I mean the DSO marketplace has been big for us right. So you know our work with Hartman, what's going on there and some other dental service organizations, team in North America has been very good at executing around those opportunities. Secondly, honestly, the increased advertising that that we've been doing, okay, has an overall halo effect with driving patients to GPs asking for Invisalign treatment. And we've noticed that since last year and we started cranking up advertising, so that is a kind of a residual effect or a second order effect that help the GPPs. Thirdly, Steve is we're doing more and more segmentation on salespeople, calling on GPs in a GP kind of a way. In other words, understanding GP workflows, they don't want to be orthodontists, having products like you know that are more simple for them to use in the sense of utilizing that within the workflow of a normal restorative kind of a dentistry type of workflow. So those three areas are doing primarily.
Joseph M. Hogan: Steve, first I'd be completely honest with you too. We're still learning, right. I mean, if you remember like a year ago, we weren't – we wouldn't really be tied down to tell you that we sell more iTero than we sell more aligners. Today I'd tell you a very concretely because we have enough data today that we sell more iTeros, we sell more aligners. We're gaining a lot of confidence in APAC as we continue to grow, like I mentioned on a previous question is in Japan, we learned a lot about what iTero can do, as you start to ramp up in a new market like Asia. Now, Japan is completely different than China has been completely how you do business there, but we do – we know how to go in there and we can anticipate in a sense of what China will need in the kind of uptake we'll have with those kind of scanners. So the iTero's that we just announced the two products in iTero, remember this is the equipment business. I grew up in equipment business and medical, that these are platforms, right these are new platforms that we're moving forward on that help to extend what we already know in that sense. So like the flex product allows you to put it into a compatible computer, move it around the different offices, that's what our customers are basically asking for, it's sort of break – new breakthrough in scanner technology is an extension. You're going to see us continue to do that as we work off a successful platform that allows us not to just go wider from a geographical standpoint like China, but to go deeper in a sense of the workflow and what our orthodontists and our GPs really want out there. Now I would look at – when you look at Invisalign Teen first the product we just announced, that's truly a breakthrough. When you think for years, we really couldn't do teeth that you know weren't completely erupted. They didn't have permanent dentition. Now we threw a lot of technology in understanding over the year, we could predict what those eruptions are going to be and that's what we've programmed in that team first product line that's wide open, so another 10% market share for us. But you've been with us long enough Steve to understand that the take up of those things are always cautious and it takes time, but it does establish and it takes time, but it does establish that and when we do the rapid palatal expansion that will establish you know another 20% of the marketplace that we haven't had before. So I mean just look at this is the continuum march of Align Technology to broaden overall our opportunities from a depth standpoint of penetrating the marketplace and from a breadth standpoint in moving into new geographies with those technologies too.
Joseph M. Hogan: So, Ravi, on the store pilot, we were not going to share any data on the store pilot right now. We call them pilots for a reason, because we're learning and we're growing through that learning and you know it just becomes more understandable because we have more data points, but we'd be happy to share that with you. As far as the SDC and all, we haven't shared specifically what we expect from quarter-to-quarter. I have never wanted you to really evaluate Align stock on SDCs, we sell the SDC never wanted to do that. And so when you say, we're kind of moderating your views of volume I would say, we're talking lower 30% for this year, that's not a moderation in this sense of what we think the growth is. We just want you to not try to handicap that with SDC volume. This is our inherent volume that we're generating in this business.
Joseph M. Hogan: No, I mean what that does Ravi is, we have a regional strategy here, right. We have APAC from an Asia standpoint, we have EMEA from Europe. We've always had just North American organization, it's been kind of Latin America was reporting into another part of the organization. And so this just straightens out our organizational intention of having regions in each one of the three key areas. And – but frankly, and then we bought up our distributorships in those areas, in Latin America, and also Brazil and we're moving forward in those areas. So you saw many doctors retrained in Brazil alone. These are good opportunities for us and it allows us to focus on it in a more of a regional sense and be able to transfer best practices within the Americas throughout the organization. So it's just a – it's a move it's in line with our regional structure.
Joseph M. Hogan: John you know this well and your analysis is right, if you take 15 up to 26, I mean that's been kind of a vacancy in the product portfolio for years. And so iGo wasn't derived without an understanding of that okay. Yeah, we do – I wouldn't call that – you know when you – if you really stand back from this, trying to do a full case with all the complexity it has to do with full cases. If you were a competitor coming in here, it's a very difficult thing to do. You want to kind of gradually learn and ramp up to that. So the logical, our logical conclusion is, yeah I mean, we're probably going to see more competition in the below 30 area. The good thing about that John, that's not new to us. We've seen competition from MTM and Angel Align and you can go down the list of competitors we've seen globally, ClearCorrect or whatever in that specific area. But when you look at Maui when you look at iGo, Maui was the structure we put in place or whatever. It just gives us more flexibility for our customers to be able to offer these products up and down the range than what we've had before. So yeah, could we respond better to competition? Yes. Is that an area we think they'll come in? Yeah, but we've already seen that and this is just a continuation of how we've been working with our customers and how we structure our product portfolio.
Joseph M. Hogan: Answer to that question is just a flat out, yes. I mean I don't think it's going to be any different in China. It hasn't been different Japan. We saw an uptake with the customers that took the initial iTeros there at John significantly. So we expect China to be the same way and other countries too. You know in Brazil, I think we've been successful with iTero in Brazil also. So yeah, that is another component of growth in the company overall. What's great is it's synergistic growth, right. You have equipment growth, but it really leads to the growth of our core product line which is Invisalign.
Joseph M. Hogan: First of all on MAF, no I wouldn't plan on anything from a – that would be material on MAF as I mentioned and the other thing for North America when we finally get it approved. On China, we were happy to move that through. We've had good work with our Chinese partners over there to move it through. Right now, we're not calling any upside on that I mean, as we indicated, we've had good iTero growth. We think that'll continue as we – it's not just about how fast you can sell iTero in China, there's a lot of infrastructure work you have to put in place as far as training and putting things in place to be able to sell through China from an infrastructure standpoint. So what's great about that is, we can kind of get a quarter up on that as if it would have been the second half of the year then we wouldn't have as much opportunity to be able to move that product.
Joseph M. Hogan: Steve, first of all, it's not 20%, okay? Invisalign First is about 10% because that's dental expansion, which means you're just really taking the teeth and rounding the arch, right? Rapid palatal expansion moves the bone, moves the palate, mouth. So, 10% more of the market would be Invisalign First, another 10% would be for rapid palatal expansion.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think the simple one on that Steve is it – before Invisalign First, we said 60%. Invisalign First takes us to 70%. Once we get rapid palatal expansion, it takes us to 80%. And that's the $10 million case starts that are out there, though that's based on 25% adult and 75% being teens. So, if you really want to nail that number, you're going to have to take 75% of 10 times 0.8.
Joseph M. Hogan: Jeff, I think the best way to look at this is, don't look at this as binary. Competition comes in and just takes our share. We actually think that competition to a certain extent will less share because it'll give more legitimacy to clear aligners. And so, possibly in that lower segment of the marketplace could we lose some share? Sure. Sure, we could. At the same time we're expanding on the upper end with our product lines that you just saw with obviously mandibular advancement team, iGo in those areas. Jeff, the other side of this too is it's we've been saying this for a long time, it's hard to do this. I mean treatment planning facilities, making sure that you can ship aligners and actually ship them in sequence. So first, second, third are really first, second, and third aligners. Putting a sales team out there that they really can walk through customers and hold their hand in sensor, but it takes time to do this. It's not – this is not like a patent cliff we've been saying all along with something is a you know a biosimilar and you can put it in your portfolio and sell it the next day it's not like that. It will take time to ramp your competition.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. I mean, if you look at – I mean if you look at the three shape in us right, I mean three shape has a good position with GPs in a sense of restorative workflow and with the labs and whatever and you know they've helped to from a GP standpoint to grow the marketplace. We're the same way. We have a good restorative scanner. We have a great scanner from overall Invisalign standpoint and in both of us kind of raised the awareness and capability out in the marketplace. So, you know honestly, when you look at this thing Jeff long-term, this is – you're going to have a scanner you know one way or another your workflow is going to be digital going forward in dentistry. It starts around these kind of application restorative you know versus you know aligners and those kind of things. It'll flow through for the rest, so I don't know what you're thinking of in the sense of how to model that Jeff or what it means, but it just shows you more and more that this isn't just an for orthodontist. This is and we're developing a scanner that's brought across the marketplace to be one of the function well for GP and restorative, if you go back to iTero beginning right, it was function well for a GP and restorative. If we go back to iTero's beginning right, it was restorative scanner. When we bought that business, we're primarily was in G you know the general dentistry segment that it was developed around. But so I think I reported that we had 2.5 million restoratives scans done on iTero. So when our team is out there are calling on a GP, we're talking about not just that you can do our liners with this, I'm confident you can do this is a great very accurate restorative scanner that can communicate very well with your dental lab, that's really important in that net workflow.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey. You saw the results of the iTero scanner business. You know the vast majority of the business is still in North America.
John F. Morici: Yeah. This is John. The pilot that we have is – took place in end of fourth quarter and through the first quarter, we saw great results. And it is going wider across the U.S. starting this quarter, where customers now – customers and ultimately the patients have a lot more flexibility in terms of how they want to finance and work through different financing options that they might have.
John F. Morici: Yeah. I'll take that first on Ravi on the EPS, you know, so 5 points on revenue and – we are – our model works as you know usually we get about 3 times the benefit on revenue as it is to profitability.
John F. Morici: The guidance that we had given for total year was, earlier on was 18%, so 18% in total would be what you should use, Richard.
John F. Morici: Hasn't changed for a year, honestly I mean, you can tell what we initiated during the beginning of the year we didn't think we'd have any really major competitive plays in that sense. We knew we'd see more competition, but we basically looked at our business and with the momentum of the business and projected that forward and you're seeing it within our numbers, there's no specificity that I want to share in the sense of what we think and how much in ASP and what areas. Just take a look at our bullish forecast going forward and as competition becomes more visible to us and more in line, we'll share with you what we're seeing and how we look at the business.
