Joseph Hogan: Erin, it's Joe. Yes, we're seeing, as you can tell from the statistics we just recorded, we have a real large take-up when you think about doc locator searches, which is a primary or concierge service and what they're handling. Remember, the concierge service takes those customers and then directs them directly to doctors that we have a high degree of certainty that they'll actually convert them into Invisalign.  As we move into the fourth quarter, expect the same amount of investment. Also in the Americas too with the improvements you're seeing is also our sales force and the additions we put together. As we said at the beginning of the year, it usually takes at least 9 months, 6 to 9 months, to see some kind of traction that we're seeing with the sales force, too. So both the advertisements from a North America standpoint and the added salespeople, we think, are really contributing to that momentum we just reported.
Joseph Hogan: Well, the momentum we reported in China that we -- when we had our announcement in the second quarter, continued throughout the quarter. So I think we had 26% growth in China in the second quarter. As we move into the third quarter, we're in the upper 30% range. Overall, we're just seeing good uptake. We had a good teen season there. We've hired 40% more people in China also. It takes them a while to actually become acclimatized, be trained and have them effective in China also. So we feel good about the momentum in China.  I think the economic situation there with reporting the slowest growth we've seen in 30 years, we know we have a headwind there because that continues, it reported in the second quarter, too. But overall, we think we've made the right adjustments and we have the right focus right now to continue some good growth there.
Joseph Hogan: John, first of all, I think you picked up in your survey and other people do too when we picked it up is, I mean, we see good consumer spending right now from an orthodontic standpoint. Align stands out in that spending when you look at it specifically. As far as how that's driven, obviously, we've put a lot more into consumer advertising, and some of the DTC competitors have done that also. I do think that, that raises consumer brand awareness. No question. I think the consumers go to the Internet to try to answer those questions. They'll go to their doctors to try to answer those questions, too. So I can't deny, John. I think that our advertising and some competitive advertising in that sense probably does raise all boats to a certain extent.
Joseph Hogan: First of all, John, I think you know that. You've been with us for a long time. We add so many GPs every year. 150,000 of them, we train significant numbers of them each year. And so you end up with a dilutive effect in that sense. So the numbers that we reported, it always is around 3.4% to 3.6% from quarter-to-quarter. But back to your question, I think the way to do this is: one, obviously, our DSO approach is a good one because as I talked about it being a force multiplier before you work with these strong DSOs, they have their own training for their groups. They help quantify workflow and do different things that for years in this business, I think we thought we just needed 1 product, but we've learned over time, like a product like iGo really isn't a product, it's a system. It's a system that really works with GPs to identify patients that qualify for this. It fits well with their workflow. It allows them to be confident when they're in front of patients that they can handle those cases, and we stand behind them. So overall, it's right products, right systems, working with DSOs that help us to become -- drive better penetration, too.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, Rob, it's Joe. Yes, you're right. It's a mix shift. Remember, from a teen growth standpoint, and we're reporting really good above 30% teen growth globally, but we're still the -- our utilization rates in that marketplace are way below our clinical entitlement, I would say. Today, we can handle almost all teen cases. So with that in mind, though, it is a mix-up. It is primarily a comprehensive marketplace. It's primarily an ortho marketplace in how it works. We feel really good about our portfolio to be able to address the teen patients right now. And long term, we see that as a counterbalance on ASPs that we all think about.
Joseph Hogan: Yes. I mean, Jon, honestly, I mean, from a comprehensive standpoint, obviously, still 70% of our portfolio more goes that way. But with the introduction of Lite, iGo, products like this, we made an adjustment on E5 this quarter, E7, all these other products. I mean that part of our product line has traditionally been growing faster and with the comprehensive thing is. Now it's a law of small numbers versus large numbers, but we do see increased growth in that area.  When we look at the GP channel, we do look at the GP channel as a way to get at patients, what we call kind of a sub-acute kind of on a patient base to do that. So I mentioned iGo on the last call also as being a system that allows us to do that. Obviously, Lite does that also. So you'll see us, Jon, increasingly focused on that channel, but also think about working really closely with GPs on not just the product line, but the system itself with iTero, how to be able to do treatment planning quickly and to give the GPs confidence that when they adopt these cases, that they'll finish and they'll finish well. Those are the 3 critical variables we know we have to hit to really drive significant growth.
Joseph Hogan: Kevin, Joe. On the pricing piece, yes, it's about the same. I think there's some mix and tucks on Lite versus comprehensive. But basically the same price increase globally across the board. On the revenue growth, the seasonality of it. I think the biggest thing that you can think of, there's really a couple of trends in this business is, one, in North America, you move into the third quarter, it's teen season and GPs tend to decline. But the biggest mix is in Europe, where you basically go down for vacation, I mean, lights go out for us for a long period of time, and then obviously come back in September. And then you got China on the other side that kind of compensates for that in the past. So those are the big, I would say, countercyclical or cyclical movements that we have in the business.
Joseph Hogan: Richard, on the -- with that comment I made last quarter had to do with doctor-directed to DYI model and primarily North America and some kind of young adult segments. We actually saw that stabilize and actually start to improve in the third quarter from an order endpoint. So actually saw good momentum in the right direction there.
Joseph Hogan: No. Actually, I'd say both. I mean the traditional competitors that are out there, we acknowledged them last quarter, which we thought we had to, but there's no fundamental change in that, what we saw in the second quarter versus what we saw in the third quarter.
Joseph Hogan: Rich, I'll keep my comments kind of in this year. But I'd say, what China shaped up to be is pretty much what we called in the second quarter. We said the teen season is going to come in China. We thought that would be a lift. We've hired the salespeople. We're looking for that to take hold and be able to move the business forward. And so to say we have better visibility, I think we have the same visibility that we had quarter-to-quarter. Actually, from an execution standpoint, I just think the steps that we've taken with some of the pressure on consumer demand that we reported in the second quarter, the operational steps that we took in China on the ground, we're seeing a good result for it and we feel good about it.
Joseph Hogan: Brandon, on the 5D scanner, the FDA is the FDA, and we feel confident we'll get through here. Early part of next year would be the -- my best forecast in that sense. I could tell you, from a 5D standpoint, the uptick around the world has been good. The carries detection piece to be able to see cracks or deterioration in teeth has been terrific. And so it's really been a changing aspect to the clinical GP practice to be able to see carries in a way that you really can't see them without a near infrared technology. So we're actually really excited about that. And we're excited to get it into North America.
Joseph Hogan: Jeff, first of all, when we think about things that you're talking about, having a doctor in the center of this thing, having an X-ray, you're moving teeth through bone, people think that -- I think majority of people or patients out there think that teeth just hang from gums. They don't actually understand that the teeth are boned in. And actually seeing what's going on in the bone is a pretty good indicator if you should go through orthodontic treatment or not.  But with that said, with the GPs, I talked about in previous caller is the iGo product really is the best platform that we have right now in the sense of how to really educate doctors to go after these patients. And what I'm hearing more and more from GPs is they're having more and more of a dialogue with their patients. Their patients are coming in, they're asking questions now. They're saying, "Hey, what does this mean? What can you do for me? What's your price point for being able to straighten my sixth anterior teeth?" And we are trying to give them as many tools as we possibly can as far as workflow tools, which we have with iTero and iGo, and then products that they can really have a lot of confidence in.  So I would say our initial push on that in United States has been improving significantly. You'll see it at the GP Summit, what we're rolling out and the kind of focus areas we have around that. But obviously, we'll have a very strong focus in that area, Jeff.
Joseph Hogan: Drew, it's Joe. On the Zimmer, we're really pleased to have them as partners. When you look at the history of that company from an implant standpoint, they're one of the leaders out there. They actually needed a digital front end, and that's what iTero really supply to them.  When you look at our product line in conjunction with that, when you look at modern kind of treatments like that, implantology, is there's often a lot of space creation that has to take place in the sense of if a tooth is out of a mouth for a period of time, your teeth start to move over to fill that space. And more and more dentists do not want to remove enamel to put that implant in. So using aligners to be able to separate those teeth and allow an implant to be able to be a lot less invasive than it would be if you didn't account for that spacing.  So overall, we're excited about it. I mean they're obviously strong all over the world. They complement us in so many places, including China. And so we're really excited about having a partnership, and we think we're starting off pretty well in the sense of the training and all that we reported.
Joseph Hogan: Steve, on the variables of improvement, unfortunately, we're a multi-variable equation when you get to aligners. Things are sold in binary here. But I think you do add a point to the two big ones, which would be just an increase in consumer focus and then the sales force that we put in place. That's -- our GP effort, we're just really moving into that, too, and we're arranging that properly also. But those efforts, we think, are contributing also. But I'd say it's a mix of those 3 variables. I can't weigh them for you, really.
Joseph Hogan: No, we don't want to give any color on that one. Right now, it's just -- I'd say you have to look at it as we're driving penetration there, and we're training a lot of doctors as we ramp up in China.
Joseph Hogan: Yes, it's Joe again. Look, what we did in EMEA, which was fortuitous in a sense, about 3 years ago, we began to decentralize. We had a really big headquarters staff out of the Netherlands. It dictated a lot of what the regions did and had to do that because it's a relatively small business back then, and we needed to keep specialization at headquarters.  Over the last three years, we really moved that out into the countries, moved it into France and Spain and Germany and different areas. And so we really embedded in those countries some real talent that I feel has good continuity will take them through. Now there's some overall headquarters talent that we don't want to lose that we're working hard to save, but I don't see it being a big, big disruptor for the business at all.
John Morici: Steve, it's John. No, there's no disruption. I mean, we are -- if you look at iTero for -- on a year-to-date basis, it's up 47%. You're going to have some timing that happens by quarter, but we feel very good where iTero is. It's the front end of our digital ecosystem, very critical to our business, and you're going to have fluctuations by quarter. But we feel very good where iTero is so far this year.
John Morici: Yes, Steve. In terms of the changes that we make and making in EMEA, it's really to simplify some of the organization that we have and in light of many of the tax changes and other structures that we had to create. So look at it from that standpoint. It simplifies things a little bit from an entity standpoint and gives us some flexibility to changes to our tax -- to taxes that happen globally.  From a facility standpoint, we're putting in manufacturing where it makes sense. We've talked a lot about China manufacturing, and that continues to ramp up. Treatment planning globally would be closer to our customers. That's very important to us. And there's always a transition period in terms of that productivity, as they become more and more productive, but we feel very good about the investments that we've made and the gross margin that we see now and what we're forecasting.
John Morici: Yes. Robbie, this is John. As we've discussed, I mean, we've taken price up in the third quarter, and you see that show up in ASPs. We're also investing to -- in our manufacturing and treatment plant to be closer to our customers. Sometimes that offsets -- and in third quarter, there was not much change from Q2. In Q4, we talked about our guidance, which is up sequentially in gross margin. It's a reflection of more volume productivity that we expect to continue to see at these manufacturing sites. And we'll continue to see that benefit. When you look at the ASPs, as you mentioned, like I said, at $1,260, was a good increase of $30 from Q2. We were able to -- when we think about the forecast to that, it will come down slightly. The mix was really high from a comprehensive standpoint in Q3. So when we take it down to Q4, it'll be, we think, closer to $1,245, which is very consistent that we've talked about as being essentially flat as we go through this year.
John Morici: Yes, Jon, it's really both. I mean, when you look at, especially as we do and work with our doctors doing more and more complicated cases, as comprehensive grows and Invisalign First and teen and so on, those end up being more aligners and end up impacting our gross margin. The globalization that we're doing, that's much more short term. As we said, getting close to our customers is very, very critical to us. Treatment planning, manufacturing. But as you get more and more capacity there and scale that, you see productivity improvements.
John Morici: Elizabeth, this is John. Really nothing out of the ordinary. When we look at the inventory, it's primarily on the iTero side. And it's really how we manufacture and much more level loading from a manufacturing standpoint. And really the rise that you saw in the third quarter is really anticipation of the volume that we expect in the fourth quarter. So that's all it is.
John Morici: Yes, Drew, this is John. Of course, we want to do whatever we can to try to help turn those consumers into patients at a doctor. So financing is a piece of it. And we're working with companies, not just in the U.S. but other places as well, to try to remove some of that friction, give more options to those consumers, understand what the monthly payments are, how much down and so on. So there's a lot more that we can do there. We're making some progress, and you'll see new ways that we'll be coming to help, again, remove some of that friction for those consumers.
John Morici: Well, I'll start with that one first because there was really no catch up or no benefit from that. As we had said in the second quarter call, it's really de minimis. There wasn't much of an effect that hit -- that affected the quarter. So there really wasn't an impact in the third quarter.  In terms of ASPs, there's going to be puts and takes. And we've talked a number of times about what those puts and takes are. As we grow in comprehensive, like we had a strong comprehensive quarter in the third quarter, ASPs are higher, growing internationally, generally at a higher ASP.  But then you also have significant growth in the low stage, and that can affect the mix as well. So what we've said all year, and as we look at things, we thought it would be relatively consistent. The puts and takes would kind of offset. Notwithstanding any FX changes, we thought the puts and takes would offset. And we saw that in the third quarter and we are guiding that in the fourth quarter.
John Morici: And so like we said, you're going to have some offsets, but we're trying to grow from a -- all the way from low stage, the more simple cases, all the way to the complicated cases. And we believe in those traditional orthodontic case starts that we have product that can help move teeth, but the market expansion and some of that market expansion is going to be at those lower-stage products that are at a lower ASP, but we look at that as incremental business for us.
John Morici: And this has been something that -- Mike, this has been going on all year. We have a complete transition plan, very clear as to who's moving and how things are happening so that come January 1, it's very clear. So it's something that, as we've talked about on these calls since the beginning of the year, we've talked about this move and we feel really good about the plan that we have now and be able to hit the ground running in 2020.
Richard Newitter: I have two, Joe. Just the first one. Just last quarter, you gave a little bit of color on anecdotally what you're seeing out in the field from doctor-directed competition and some of the discounting that might be taking place. I was just curious if you could comment on the -- on the trend into the current quarter and what you're seeing there? Anything that's surprising you or different from what you saw last quarter on those? And I have a follow-up.
Richard Newitter: Okay. And I was just referring to the more traditional competitors that recently started launching products where there might be some trialing. That's what you're referring to as improving, not the DTC...
Richard Newitter: Okay. And then just on China, Joe. I get the sense that you just have improved visibility relative to kind of where you were sitting at this time last conference call. Is that the right kind of directional takeaway from the call as you see the trends into the fourth quarter? Clearly, it picked up in China in the third quarter. And what would you say, your long-range plan top line greater than 20% growth for the foreseeable future. What would you say your confidence level is kind of today versus maybe 3 months ago, particularly with -- now that you have more data points in hand on China and some of those North America trend last quarter that were in focus.
