Thomas M. Prescott: Thanks, David. There's a lot of good work going on by the Align Technology team, and I'm very pleased to see our strong results reflect that effort. We continue to deliver solid execution of our long-term strategic plan and expect to continue those key initiatives, which are at the core of our progress. Our results also reflect stable patient traffic in our customers' offices and their willingness to let us become a more significant part of their practices. Our goal is to become their best partner in practice, providing great opportunities for growth, with every potential patient asking for Invisalign by name. We look forward to seeing our investors during the busy time for conferences and industry trade shows as well as reporting back to you with our year-end results in January. And with that, let's go to the -- with the question and answer session, operator.
Thomas M. Prescott: And Robert, if I could just pile on, the slide that Shirley and the team have put in here, on the very last slide in our webcast slides really try to break out those effects net of mix. And if you look at that in general, I would say pricing is stable net of mix and other factors. And so it's not so much a comp issue. We're actually -- pricing is pretty stable.
Thomas M. Prescott: Let me maybe start and then may be a pull-up for David, since this is his first-cycle with us. I think his objective view might be useful here. But I guess what I'd first start with is that we have the same kind of visibility we always have in our business cycle, about 30 days or so. And what you're seeing is a fundamentally solid business today, with initiatives that are working for us. And I'd take you back to earlier in the year. We made investments exiting 2012 in headcount and coverage in our geographies: Europe, North America. We've made investments in new consumer programs. We spent a little more money. We've told our owners what we're doing purposely, our goal was to generate volume as we exit the year and we're starting to see that, so we're gratified by that. But it reflects what we're seeing in the business. And we're not smart enough to break apart all of the elements going on. But with that said, I think there's -- we've seen other data that patient traffic is stable to improving. Dental consumables are improving a bit. And when there's traffic in the offices, patients are willing to do a more expensive procedure, an implant, a restorative, then that means there that the road's wide open for us to get Invisalign growth. Maybe with that, I'll pivot -- let David build on his first-cycle here, preparing the guidance.
Thomas M. Prescott: I'll take that one, John. We're in very early days there. It is -- the Schein team and the Align team are working hard to ensure that the kind of the early customers and the field reps that are moving this have great experiences and we learn a lot from those cycles and make sure the product works perfectly for the patient. And Dr. Phil is creating the practice. So we kind of thought about the first year at startup. And we're right in the middle of that learning cycle, we're collectively about to head off to a trade show, the ADA, there's greater New York, there's some important cycles where Align will be out there in the market and Schein will be out there in the market, and we're going to have a chance to have that discussion with customers. So very early days, not going to be material for a significant amount of time, but way more strategic than kind of tactical. I don't know if that's what you're looking for. That's where I'll stop.
Thomas M. Prescott: Yes. Short answer is yes. When we -- if we stack up the take out in marketing, professional marketing demand creation, go-to-market, our contribution margins will be similar to, on a net basis, similar to, say, an Express product for example, where we got direct sales and marketing involved.
Thomas M. Prescott: It's really a couple of things. We've got more of those coming out of their graduate programs, maybe didn't get enough Invisalign in their program and as they're coming to a practice, they're very interested in, just trying to do Invisalign, that's 1. Two is we have some great established ortho practices that maybe got trained 10 or 12 years ago. I would say back in the early days, we weren't ready for prime time. They didn't have a great experience with the product. Couldn't address very complex needs. And as they've seen our progression, they have come to the view that they need to get on board. And so we've had a number of terrific kind of market-leading practices, want to reengage. In our mind, those are new practices, we haven't had business with them for years. And so that's the other part of the mix. Both are very positive, small numbers, but I think what's more important is what those kinds of practices represent over the next 3 to 5 years.
Thomas M. Prescott: So I'll take my shot with -- while I'm knocking on wood, we're glad to have the positive results. I think, the starting point for all this is: A, we have the same kind of visibility we've always had in the core flow of the business; and then, B, our customers don't forecast, so asking them forecasting questions doesn't necessarily lead you to a factual framework you can count on. What is different, there are a few things different. The evolution of business this Q3 and Q4 from last year is fundamentally different. Patient traffic started declining in U.S. dentists office in the middle of Q2 last year, as we reconstructed all that. Procedures started falling with them, and mix shifted to lower value procedures, that really wasn't visible well into Q3 and we didn't really see it until summer didn't kind of bounce back. So that's different and that's why we keep stressing that stable to slightly improving patient traffic, mix in procedures is a really good thing for us. It's a good thing for everybody, but it's really good for Invisalign. To your second point about what we're doing differently, we do a lot more differently, a lot of things differently. When you get it wrong or you get humbled or you get surprised, you ask yourself a lot of questions about what can we do. Everything's on the table. We have instituted a whole series of what we internally call poll surveys. And it's not so much of forecasting, I just call it observational. We haven't been at that even a full year yet now in detail. And I would say we're far short of predictable kind of results. Our goal over time is going to be able to correlate some of that with other external factors like patient traffic. Empirical data we can observe. But boy, we're well short of what I'd call predictive capabilities. So what is reflected in our outlook, what is reflected in our results is good execution of business and everything we can control and a very solid environment out there in the countries that matter for us. And then, maybe the third fact is we have this very low penetration for Invisalign into a pretty big darn space and we still have a lot of headroom.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Simple answer is for the most frequent users of Invisalign, including some of those that were in the pilots, even a year before we released, and others that just see, most quickly see the benefits, they have virtually all expanded case complexity and gotten most of the benefit out of it. We are still, I would say, working through our complete customer base. For a customer that does, even a great orthodontist that's only doing 10 or 15 a year, it's taking them longer to see the benefits because they generally are treating simpler cases. And they're just -- they don't have the at-bats that a high-volume doc doing 200 or 300 Invisalign cases a year would. But on those higher volume practices that are -- their progression has been towards greater complexity and earning a bigger part of their practice. And they say kind of yes to Invisalign more often when that patient asks, that's the short answer.
Thomas M. Prescott: It's not -- I wish it was as simple as that. We actually have some internal ways we measure it. And we look at the kind of the incidences, what presents with a -- at an average orthodontist or dentist office for the malocclusion and put them into categories, and then we look at what that incidence is and then what they treat against that mix. That same chart varies widely by the practice and how much they've adopted Invisalign. So we have 2 things. In our most ardent supporters, we get the biggest chunk of their Class 1 crowding cases, adult and even teens. And again, teens are harder cases to fill because everybody's aiming for absolutely perfect. And if they think they're making any clinical tradeoffs, they're going to be more resistant using Invisalign. But at least for adults, we're doing very well there. As you get over towards more straightforward Class 2 or even hard Class 3, the doctors that have got the greatest confidence and have had the greatest results with Invisalign are much more comfortable offering that to an adult patient. So there's a temporal framework that goes along that opportunity. The least frequent users are the least penetrated to those indications would be most around Class 1. And the most frequent users who have the greatest confidence are doing it on much more complex cases. So it's not as simple, I'm sorry to say, I wish it was, to say there's a projection of growth or share, but both are being driven by evolutions like SmartTrack and G4 that give us both greater confidence and because they're getting better results with those tools.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. Thanks, Steve. The update is when there's news to talk about for interoperability, we will be happy to do so. We think it's strategically valuable. You saw we keep going up around 250 to 300 basis points quarter-over-quarter in cases coming, just with the iTero base among our customers. And we know there's interest out there. So it's in our best strategic interest to have those partnerships and you ought to assume that we're interested in doing that. But until we get there and can actually validate appropriate high quality scanners, I don't want to project.
Thomas M. Prescott: I think, we spoke about roughly half and half in terms of the mix of services against new scanner placements.
Thomas M. Prescott: Well, the margin's at 22% because our build material and cost of goods, we have the best scanner in the market and we don't make money on them. We -- and with pricing that has come down over the last 1.5 years, 2 years, with a lot of competitive entries, we've met that pricing, pricing is actually stabilizing a bit in the scanner market, have raised -- coming up a little bit. And we do think scanners will be ubiquitous. We think it's critically important for us to be at chair-side in the middle of a clinical discussion with the patient right there, and then, creating advantages for our Invisalign franchise and other things we intend to do over the long term. So with that said, the gross margins aren't anywhere near where we want them on the scanner. We intend to fix that over time. The services stream is better and we think we've actually got some strategic advantage there over time. But it's just the build material that's expensive, and it's the best scanner in the market, which is a kick, but we'll fix that over time.
Thomas M. Prescott: Chris, I just realized, I didn't answer a part of your question. You were theorizing maybe there was placements instead of sales, we really don't do that. So those are all sales. Whether there was a financing involved, we don't finance either, but whether it was financed for us, it was a net sale, period.
Thomas M. Prescott: The Winter Olympics is nowhere near the media frenzy of Summer Olympics. We don't have an election year. There's a lot of things that you have to engineer around in the media world. This should -- I don't know what normal is in the dental industry but if we had to imagine a normal, this feels like more of a normal. Now the second thing is we were off the air a bit more exiting '12 because we were getting ready to launch a whole new campaign. And I think, when we spoke about our guidance in January for the year, we were talking about investing in new assets, a creation of new creative and materials and all the associated elements that go along on the digital side and everything else. So all that, that's where the spending was, it wasn't necessarily visible media that was part of the first half year -- first half of the year profile in greater spending. So again -- but in general, you should expect stepwise expansion investment and the same kind of impact that we expect to get for payback year-to-year.
Thomas M. Prescott: I guess, I have to start with the word lumpy. From our perspective, the business cycle itself here in the dental industry is cyclical. Maybe use that instead of lumpy. And in many areas, these investments, it doesn't make sense to line up investment choices that are multiyear in nature and have a strategic value to fit them perfectly, maybe fit them generally, yes, but not fit them perfectly into that kind of annual cycle we see. Q3 being a great example of one that's softer. So where we choose to make investments that during a quarter or 2 would take operating margins down a little bit, as we did in Q1 when -- or into Q2 as well where we talked about it with the yearend results in January of this year, we also made the commitment that we expected to be able to generate volume growth. And I think, David said it well earlier, we think looking at the model, in terms of our annual performance is the right way to look, and so the question is going to be we know that's not how you have to model on a quarterly basis and the reports you put out, but from our perspective, we're trying to deliver an annual result with the quarters that make sense, and some of the spending, an example is consumer is going to be in advance of that volume step up. And in this case, this year, it was also on top of substantial headcount investment that we had all completed by end of Q1. All that headcount was in North American sales force on an incremental basis. And you had virtually none of the volume was coming in yet. We had a new media camp, a new consumer campaign going on yet, with very little impact felt yet. So that's great examples of where it's the right thing to do and the timing is better to get at it quickly and get it in. So simply stated, I think, we will continue to be a little more cyclical in our total operating margin profile. But where we are on the lower side of that, I believe we'll continue to articulate what the spending is going towards so that our owners can understand that the kinds of things we're investing in, we have high confidence will lead to either increased earnings, in the case of the right kind of factory, or increasing volume, and ultimately, operating margins on an annual basis.
Thomas M. Prescott: Sure. If this is the only thing we've given you to pick on, I'm really happy as CEO. Look, first of all, we're thrilled with the progress we're making. We've said for a long time that earning that marginal teen case is the hardest case to wrestle away from brackets and wires, which is still standard of care. So we have to be better than brackets and wires in many ways. And we're getting there. Now I think it was a question earlier that I answered, that was comparing where each practices and their adoption and their clinical confidence, a practice that uses a lot of Invisalign in adults and teens doesn't seem to worry about it. They'll lead with Invisalign. A practice that's more conservative that is just now maybe starting to get SmartTrack is just now starting to get more complex crowding cases on adults. And so our goal is over time, is to move practice by practice, this progression through and have them see that experience firsthand, have the patients be thrilled, get those great results. And that just reinforces their own journey. So it's literally that practice by practice process that we're encouraging. On a numbers basis, we get big enough. The denominator gets tougher, 18%, 21%. We're in the right neighborhood and we're thrilled with the process. SmartTrack is a big part of that, G4, all the rest of it. We can't do enough consumer advertising if the product -- if they're not confident the product doesn't work. So the right coverage in clinical education and clinical support, the right product evolution and the right consumer, those 3 legs of the stool go together really well for the teen market and we're very confident over the mid to longer-term, our goal is frankly to become standard of care in orthodontics. The teen market is the last place, we'll get there.
David L. White: Hi, Robert, this is David. I'll see if I can't answer that for you. When you look at ASPs, as we publish on the website and so forth, those are an aggregate ASP for the entire company. And so one of the things that you don't necessarily see in there is what impact mix has on that. And so as you look at, if you look our business quarter-over-quarter, our Teen business is up very strongly sequentially and that came at the expense of some of the lower-end products that carry lower ASPs. And so those -- that tends to -- that mix shift there tends to cause the worldwide ASPs sometimes to look a little bit off. As it relates to your question about the purchasing price or the purchasing power of our product and competitive pressures on our product, as you know, we made a slight increase in prices of our product at the beginning of the year. Some of that was a result of the new medical device tax and so forth. But at this point in time, we haven't really made any further adjustments on pricing since then. So the effect that I think you're seeing, from an external standpoint, has really more to do with mix shift than anything.
David L. White: Thanks, Tom. Robert, I guess I would -- when I first joined the company, I would've thought that given 25,000 customers that we ship to in a quarter, that forecasting the business would lend itself to some econometric model. But as you kind of look under the hood, what you realize is we have a small number of doctors that have a very healthy practice with us that is fairly stable and relatively predictable. But on the other flipside of that, we have a lot of doctors that do a small amount of business with us, and that particular segment of our business tends to be more difficult to predict. So when I look at the process and so forth, we have a process that kind of does a bottoms up view from the field, in terms of where -- what our territory managers and so forth are seeing as they talk to their customers. We have a view from the tops down of the company, which takes a look at our own statistical correlation of trends and so forth. And then as Tom was saying, we also look at patient traffic and so forth and some of these other external data points, and we triangulate across all of those to come up with our best view of the world. It's -- from what I can tell and, I think, from what some of you have experienced, it's not perfect. We'd like it to get better. But I think what I can tell you, at least from what I've seen and observed and so forth, is I think we have a robust process. And I'd say it's representative of best practices across many industries.
David L. White: Not at this point. We give a long-term operating model. I think our operating model is where we are steering the company towards and those are the results we're trying to head towards. So probably not at this point.
David L. White: Well, John, a pleasure talking to you again. I guess what I would -- what I've observed and, I think, what you've observed as well is our business does have some degrees of cyclicality in it. Our business, certainly, from a revenue standpoint, has seasonality. Q3 perhaps being the largest manifestation of that. But further than that, there's other elements of our business that had cyclicality to it as well. Our media expenses, for example, might run counter seasonal. Then we make investments in the business that sometimes tend to be bulky and done on an as-needed basis and are not -- don't follow a pattern of repetition. So when you look at our Q3 performance that we've just announced and our Q4 guidance, I guess, the thing I would comment on is that I wouldn't use those 2 data points to extrapolate going forward. Because of that seasonality and because those 2 quarters alone do not manifest, I think, all the cyclicality that our business deals with. I think more representative of that -- of our business, however, there's our annual operating results. And I think that's probably the best guide because our annual results include -- incorporate all of those cycles in them. As you think about, going forward, as I said on the prior question, our targeted operating model is 25 to 30 points. And I think at some point, as we get to being able to consistently land within that operating model, at some point, we'll then update the model. But at this point, I think that the best guidance I can give you is the operating model we've already talked about.
David L. White: Chris, let me see if I can give you a little color. As you look at our margins in the third quarter, they're, I think, almost a record, if they're not a record for the company, on the Invisalign side of the business. As we shift into Q4, however, though, we're going to see a lesser mix of you might say, the top end of our product line and that's going to get displaced with more volume in the lower end. So that mix shift is going to bring margins down to some extent. Then in my prepared comments, I made a comment that we had this mid-course correction that caused an adjustment to our deferrals, which is about 0.7 points of margin effect sequentially to Q3, but that's nonrecurring in Q4. And so we don't have the benefit of that in Q4. We also -- we'll have more training events this quarter. And when you -- we don't -- our training business is not an 80-point margin business. And so that will tend to drag the margins down a little bit as well. And offsetting those 3 is the fact that we -- is our scanner margins should improve quarter-over-quarter as well. And so the net of that is that margins should be down sequentially a little bit. As it relates to '14, again, I guess, the best guidance I could give you would be to look at the full year results, look at the trends, look at the -- and look at the operating margin, the targets or the business model that we talked about and I would plan off of those things.
David L. White: Yes. Again, we've had a few questions about 2014, and I guess, it's not surprising given our results in Q3 and Q4. As Tom said earlier, as it relates to Realine, it's really too early to call, to put a vector on that and to give any guidance as it relates to how that product will impact overall mix. As it relates to gross margins, we've continued to comment, I think, that as we look over the long term, that the percentage of cases that we treat, particularly for simple cases with adults and so forth will increase, and that will potentially drive down margins -- drive down ASPs, I should say. And clearly, our margins are influenced by product mix. But given that we're still growing well into double-digits year-over-year, while that may have some bearing on the directional indicators for margins, these gross margins, I don't think they'll necessarily have an indication of an effect, I guess, on operating margins. So going back to, I guess, the comments I made before, I think the best guidance for '14 is, again, going to be our operating model that we talked about.
David L. White: I would just add to that, as our scanners -- as we continue to penetrate the market with more and more scanners, that mix should go more favorably towards the service and licensing sides of that over time.
David L. White: Yes, and just to add to that, as I said earlier, just to make it maybe clearly, state it more clearly, that service element should grow against -- it's in proportion with the install base, and not in proportion to the number of systems we're selling in any particular quarter. The other thing, as you talk about the 22% gross margins in the second -- in the third quarter, some of that was also the result of the fact that we were selling, under promotional programs, some of our older scanners. So that had -- that promotion to kind of move some of that inventory had a dampening effect on margins in the third quarter and that's one of the reasons why the margins in that business should be up in the fourth.
David L. White: So I'll say, we do pay -- I'll be clear here, we do pay some cash taxes. Typically, those are in foreign jurisdictions and in states here in the U.S.. As far as our U.S. federal return is concerned, we do have NOL carryforwards. And currently, today, obviously, we're making money here in the U.S.. Those taxes, however -- that income, however, though, the taxes on net income, we do have the benefit of R&D tax credit, which offsets that to some degree, we also have the benefit of stock exercises and the ability to deduct some of that off of it. And so it means that we use up less of our NOL than what we might have otherwise in the absence of those credits. Altogether, our estimation is that our NOLs will probably run sometime into or through around 2015.
David L. White: Well, I guess, I would say, philosophically, that if a company is accumulating cash and doesn't have a need for that cash to either grow its business and just to run the business, then at some point, there should be a plan to figure out how to return that to shareholders. That said, we just finished here in line, as I'm sure you know, $150 million stock repurchase plan in the June quarter. 95 -- $93 million of which was spent in that quarter. And so we just completed one of those plans. We haven't really quite come up for air yet. I would tell you that as we kind of look at our annual plan for next year and our 5-year strategic plan, we are right now pulling together what we think our investment requirements are going to be for the company. And clearly, those investments will, at some point, are going to mean added manufacturing capacity, market expansions, we're going to have both domestic needs, as well as international needs. And at this point, we haven't really assimilated how all that's going to fit together. But at some point, we will in the not-too-distant future here. And to the extent we come to a conclusion, at least with the board, that we have excess cash that we don't need as a company. We'll figure out what plan we're going to do with it. But right now, as of today, we're just not ready to declare what that next step will be. But I think, if you can be patient with us, we'll probably have more to say about that in the not-too-distant future.
David L. White: Well, you're right to pick up on foreign exchange. I mean, that was a benefit to us, about $1 million in the quarter. But again, back to the comment I made before, when you look at these ASPs, it's an average across the mix of products that we're selling. And so, when that mix changes, the ASP can come down, even though -- you can point to examples where the price on every single product could go up quarter-over-quarter, but if the mix changes, the overall could look like it's going down. So there's really no trend there that I think you should be concerned about. It's really more of a mix shift than anything else, I believe.
