Joe Hogan: Yes, Jason, good question. I'd say being a global business, we talked about having 50% of our revenues outside. It just gives us good scope in the sense to take advantage where opportunities are. And so I feel really good about the company in that sense. And we've made great development over the last three years from an international standpoint. We also have a great portfolio. We have iTero scanners. We talked about some reluctance in the sense that we saw at the end of the first quarter as some doctors to really commit to it. But I mean that demand is still out there. When you look at iTero scanners are so underpenetrated still when you look at digital dentistry and what the future really brings. And so pushing that and pushing it in the right places and also you see the expansion of our Invisalign technology and what we're doing in different areas, too. So I feel like we have a lot of levers that we can pull, but we are constrained by these headwinds that we've seen. And obviously, we'll respect those and make the kind of adjustments needed to make sure this business stays on track with. Look, I love our portfolio. I love our position. I see a great future. We'll manage our way through this, Jason.
Joe Hogan: I think, Jason, honestly, I think we've managed that well over the years. I mean you can see how well we did last year in the sense of that operating profit has been squarely on top of that piece. And I think we've managed it within that bandwidth very well, and that's -- this current situation is not going to change that.
Joe Hogan: Jeff, it's more the latter of your question. It's just you take off the accelerator. And we know -- John and I know where to adjust it won't hurt the business. We continue to invest in innovation in different areas, too. But there are several areas of short-term investments that aren't going to help us in this current crisis that will obviously lean into and make sure that we preserve margins as much as we can. : But with those investments, yes, it will be -- when we talked about the 20-plus percent on a GAAP basis, that's the trade-off that we'll have. We'll invest where we can see a return. And based on the volume that we expect, but deliver 20-plus percent op margin.
Joe Hogan: Hey Jeff, it's Joe. Look, the teen market, you're good to focus on that. I mean that's -- we look at that as a fairly secure market. Obviously, it can move up and down, but it won't have the volatility and you've seen in the adult market and you're comparing a against last year is a good way to look at it, given the Zoom effect and things we talked about before. So -- and Jeff, that's why you see us launching these teen products right now and getting ready from a summer time standpoint. We want to take advantage of that demand as much as we possibly can, especially in times like this. We know the adult market is going to be pressured. I'm talking about the US right now, but this sets leave China now because China is a unique position in the sense of a lockdown that they're going through. But we're -- you're going to see us take the same tact in Europe also. And you saw our teen volume in Europe was actually pretty good in the first quarter.
Joe Hogan: We expect that teen volume to be good. Summer seasonality is there. And it's funny. There's a window for to really have their teeth treated. And we've known that here for years, and that's why we prepared for teen season. And this year, honestly, Jeff, I feel better about our positioning for teens in the United States and also in Europe. I have many time since I've been here with these teen packs that we just talked about and how we'll go about it, I think we're well positioned to make further penetration in the teen market versus wires and brackets.
Joe Hogan: Jon, you're like an Align history, and that's a good question, right? Because I can tell you, I doesn't hear where that happened in Europe, but it's legendary here. But if you go back in time, I think our business in Europe was less than $10 million back then. Okay, now it’s over $1 billion. And I think the whole world is much more coined with Clear Aligners than when it was back then, we were really pioneers at that point in time. If you look at our DSP program, it's basically the same thing. They make commitments to how many aligners are going to buy over a certain period of time. We haven't had any issues in DSP with having customers regress or not making those benchmarks. So we feel pretty good about where we are. I mean will we run into a few situations, I think we will. I think they'll be outliers, and we'll deal with them in time.
Joe Hogan: Jon, just to add to John's comments, too, is that as we look at April versus March, we haven't seen any momentum from an April standpoint too. And we start from that standpoint also.
Joe Hogan: It's hard to be very discrete in the sense of what that impact is, Erin. But I'd say we -- obviously faced staffing shortages and things at different doctors in the first part of the first quarter that affected us. I'd say that drifted through to basically late February, early March. After that, you can -- if you watch the consumer confidence statistics in the United States, they've gone down pretty dramatically. And we started getting a lot of reports from our doctors is patients thought saying no, but patients not as quick to say, yes, that they wanted treatment. And we hear that both in the GP segment in the orthodontic segment. So, you can call out what you want to, okay? But do we see some reticence in the marketplace to move forward with treatment and again, it's not binary. It's not everybody is saying, no, like in the heart of a deep recession or something we saw back in 2007 or 2008. It's just more cautiousness from people about their personal finances.
Joe Hogan: Well, I think I read your question, I think you're asking if it's competitive because I mean we're pretty clear on what we've been seeing around the globe in the United States from a macro standpoint, Kevin. So, I just -- look, from a competition standpoint, we don't see any major issue with competition in the sense of being a factor in this demand cycle that we're talking about.
Joe Hogan: Kevin, our announcement and the way we communicate to the marketplace, we talk about this huge market, right? We're totally underpenetrated in the orthodontic segment, less than 10% of 21 million case starts a year. Talking about what we see through the 500 million patients. So there's not a lack of demand out there and the lack of opportunity. There's not a competitive issue that we think is affecting our growth or our earnings. And so obviously, COVID is part of this thing. Part of it we see in Europe was the Ukraine conflict that's going on today. And I think significant amount of it is too is what we're seeing in the marketplace, too, from a consumer standpoint. I can't put any weighted averages on these things to give you an example. And I think -- if I compare to when we last talked to you at the first couple of days of February, the way things have changed, those variables in that equation, I think, have changed pretty dramatically. So it's really hard to say going forward what that might be.
Joe Hogan: Kevin, this is a growth company. And it never leaves our thought process. So what are we trying to do? We're trying to run the way we always do. We're running at these plays in a much more difficult market with more headwinds. That's all. And so we'll move these place around. We'll look at them by country. We'll see what makes the most sense. We still keep a good strong focus on how we can grow and where we can grow and we'll find those ways.
Joe Hogan: I think a bolus, you talked about -- I mean, that was interesting is what we saw after the last downturn, it was first like COVID. I mean I look at that, Mike, overall, is it just shows you the demand out there for our kind of procedures. So it's there. And so John and I are in setting here are predicting another bolus or a wave or whatever, but I think it just shows you the demand that exists in this business and it can be pent up at times. We'll just have to see how the headwinds that we see filter through the marketplace and how it affects consumers and doctors.
Joe Hogan: Yes, it's Joe again. I just -- we have a really strong balance sheet to start with. It's great to have a strong balance sheet and really no net debt from a company standpoint. So, look, it's -- I'm not an economist, but I'm not predicting a meltdown of our financial system, like we saw in 2007, 2008 depending on what Federal Reserve does or whatever, we're probably going to see an adjustment as they try to attack inflation. So, look, we -- this business is incredibly healthy. It generates a lot of cash. It's extremely international now. And we have a lot of levers to pull and a lot of things to do to keep this business going. So -- but if something dire did happen, I feel we got a balance sheet to be able to cover it, too, and we'll manage the business responsibly that way. So, I'd just tell you don't give up on us, okay? We love this business. We love the position that it's in. We're confident about the future. We're just going to see how these headwinds hit and how they subside, and we'll be ready on either end of that to be able to position this company to do well.
Joe Hogan: Yes. Nate, I'll give you a quick rundown, and John can give you specifics to is. Look, we -- this is flattish to use your term. When you look at between March and April is more flattish than anything. But just remember, we have -- China is still our second biggest country in the world. It's locked down. Shanghai -- Beijing is going into lockdown. That's not the first lockdown we've seen in China. Remember, there are several provinces that were locked down before that, too. So, that part of our business has really been impacted in a big way, and that's part of that flattishness that we're talking about, too. So we're seeing impact in every region of the world in different ways. And on the APAC side, particularly with China, it's dramatic.
Joe Hogan: I commented that back to the other question was asked about teens, right? The teen aspect in the orthodontic segment is pretty resilient, and that is a certain demographic that it's always existed in the sense of the parents that they can afford that kind of treatment of young children. The adult segment, it's all over the place depending on -- sometimes, it's just teeth straightening. Some of times, it's a broad worth correction on what's going on. We don't have any data in that adult segment to say that a certain FIFA score certain match, certain amount would be fewer people taking treatment or whatever. I don't have that data. I don't know if John has seen it either. But you'd have to guess that the more your finances are impacted, you're actually going to sign up for a $3,500 to $7,000 treatment depending on what you want or how you're in a contract for it. So it's logical that certain demographics would be less willing at this point in time.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. I'd start with the still market is broadly unpenetrated from a scanner standpoint. GP side, the ortho side, an ortho that does a lot of Invisalign, they can have four, five, six scanners overall. So look, with the GE Healthcare for years, ABB, I understand the capital equipment cycle. There is a true cycle in capital equipment. When people get concerned, they'll delay those kinds of purchases. And I think, obviously, you have -- when I talk about 250,000 doctors that we service today, some of them are going to be worried about what their cash flow is going to look like. They're going to be reticent in the sense of saying they want to sign up for a scanner that can cost anywhere between $15,000 to $35,000 right now and what we sell. So, I can't tell you by country or by region or whatever, but we didn't see things shut off. We just saw things as the quarter got through, they just didn't have as strong as demand for iTero than we anticipated. So, we'll have to -- obviously, we get into this way it goes. But there's going to be some more scrutiny, I think, around capital investment, if doctors are seeing less traffic through their practices.
John Morici: I think -- Jon, this is John. As we talked about that last earnings, there's a lot of changes that have happened in the marketplace and in the world. And as a result of that, we pulled the top line guidance until we get further clarity as how things are going to shake out. What we have committed to is being able to grow in a profitable way in a way that you would expect us to be responsible being at 20-plus percent, but we pulled that guidance because of the uncertainty.
John Morici: Hey Erin, this is John. From an overall ASP standpoint, we don't have any anything unusual from a promotion standpoint or anything else that would affect us. Obviously, notwithstanding FX, we've seen unfavorable FX as we've gone through this year so far. But notwithstanding FX, we wouldn't expect anything dramatically different from an ASP standpoint.
John Morici: And I might add, just we are a different business than we were back in 2007, 2008. We didn't have iTero. We have iTero, much more of a global products, much further along in the teen market, more consumer awareness, all the things that we've done over this time period now being 25 years, we've evolved over time and created a business where we're very mindful of what is happening from a demand standpoint, and we can do a lot of things from a leverage standpoint in order to drive that right amount of profitability.
John Morici: I don't have much -- anything to add to it. I just -- a lot has changed as we've seen over the last couple of months, and we're responding to that change.
John Morici: Yes. It's just the delays that they put to not close and necessarily within the quarter. It's not going away, but it's just a delay. And we have to work to try to get them to say.
John Morici: Yes, Elizabeth. What we'll see is we'll go live in the second quarter here and that does have a gross margin impact. It really comes down to trying to get as much utilization through the plant as possible converting -- moving those countries and doctors through the plant. And then once that utilization increases, then you start to see some of that productivity. So, it hits about a quarter, maybe a little bit more than a quarter and then it subsides and then it gets more on a regular operating basis.
