Joseph M. Hogan: Thanks, John. Overall, we're pleased to see the first half of the year off to such a strong start. Many of you already recently think of a question about us being at a tipping point and I'm sure we'll get that question following today's call. Frankly, we think it's too early to tell. The growth we're seeing in our business is better than we expected and reflects progress in several areas, including clinical efficacy, sales coverage and support models, customer engagement and demand generation and patient capture. We believe it also reflects a healthy underlying market with solid patient traffic and a significant increase in direct to consumer programs by us and others. There's still a lot of work ahead as we move toward our goal of replacing metal braces and making Invisalign the standard-of-care in orthodontics. We know there will be challenges and we aren't drawing a straight line up and to the right at this point. But we're confident in our ability to drive this industry forward and transform it from an outdated analog process to a fully digital system. Thanks for your time today and we look forward to your questions.
Joseph M. Hogan: Bob, from a teen's standpoint, overall, I'll just focus on North America for a second. We mentioned last year when we put our plan together that we would have a strong focus on teens as we go into the second quarter this year, because this is the teen season for North America. What we started that program off with is we had several programs in North America just to get doctors ready for this program overall, next-level partnership, a program we call IMOP (23:50), some specific things that really focused on teen to get that base ready. And then we started to really unleash the communications part of this, the $14 million or so that we're moving in consumer advertising to do that. So I think when you look at the first half and those two kind of simultaneous actions, that's been really one of the biggest underlying drivers in North America to make that really go. That along with our ad campaigns and everything else we've put in place that are much more specific these days in the sense of how we go to market. You see how we're working both at teens channels and the moms channels from a marketing standpoint also. It's just a much cleaner, more specific approach to teens that includes a real sales effort with our doctors and a real strong customer patient facing piece with moms and teens.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. I'd say two major variables, Bob. One would be just media spend. We've had a significant increase in media spend itself and we have seen a strong correlation between media spend in the U.S. and the GP increase. And then secondly, like our Lite product that we introduced in the second quarter with the GP segment, we're more and more targeting that segment with easier products that are more simple for them to deliver to the marketplace. So I'd say media spend in some specific products have really helped in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, you know what, we mentioned in my briefing that we're doing one-third of their cases right now. It's still not material in that sense, Brandon. We just wanted to give you just an idea of where we stand overall. They do still two-thirds of their volume. As far as the percent equity, it was just an opportunity we have. We work closely with David and his team at SDC. And that equity was available. We're pleased with the relationship and we thought that was just a great next step for us in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: We haven't had – John, it's Joe. We haven't had terrific conversion rates in that sense, but we've learned a lot and we tweak that model all the time is the patient to SmileDirectClub service, they have a certain price point in mind. They usually have a simple kind of an approach that they want in the sense of correcting their smile. And they need to be dealt with really quickly. In other words, when those patients are interested, moving them into an orthodontist in this case or a GP that wants to do that, it has to be done quickly and concisely, because these patients are – they're just different than the normal patients that we work with. So we keep honing that model. We've had some success and we keep building on it, but we think in the future, as we put this thing together, we'll have a much better yield.
Joseph M. Hogan: India. That's India. I'll go back to India again this year. I was just there last year. What we do when we go into a country like that, John, is you really do this by city. You go in a city and you recruit doctors and you just begin to ramp up in those specific cities. You find great doctors in the sense of peer-to-peer being able to – one doctor teach another. And so, you look at this as almost the city-by-city effort in India. We'll take obviously the biggest and the most prosperous cities first and we work out from there. We're really in our second year of this in a big way. We're reaching our goals. The businesses has been growing pretty rapidly in that sense and this is a model we really follow all over the world. It's just when you get to India, you just have to make sure that you approach it in an Indian way. And here is an example what's an Indian way is. They often don't want to buy our scanners. So what we have is a scanner that's up in a few of them in a city on a truck, just they rent and we move them in almost daily into different offices. They line up patients to do scans. And so we just acclimatize, to use that word to the marketplace, and keep working that. So we're excited about it and we feel very confident of our long-term trend there.
Joseph M. Hogan: Steve, it's Joe. Data filing is 20 years. There's some multi-layer material. Yeah. We do have patent protection on it now. The vendor that we use on it has a certain amount of restrictions in the sense of dentistry and where it can be used, but also has patents on process and all and how this is put together, not an easy material to doing that way. So yeah, I mean, just look at it as from data filing and all, we have a significant number of years that SmartTrack continue to be an Invisalign material.
Joseph M. Hogan: Hey, Jon. Joe again, on your question on third quarter, fourth quarter. I think the best way to take what we're saying is we're not calling a step-down in the fourth quarter. We're just doing and giving you a good clarity on what the third quarter is. That's what we have clarity on now. And...
Joseph M. Hogan: No, I'm not trying to give you any kind of warning or anything like that, Jeff. I have all the confidence in the world, like I said in my final comments, that we'll complete this mission of eliminating wires and brackets with a digital system, with plastic. I think, I get questions all the time as you can guess when you see these kind of growth rates about the tip – that we're at a tipping point in this business. I think we all know about the whole term tipping point, and what it would mean. And all I was trying to get across is I don't think you can take two quarters and draw a line towards the tipping point, but don't mistake in anything at all that there is something that we see that would in some way shake our confidence in what we think we can do.
Joseph M. Hogan: Ravi, on the scanner penetration, you have to look at it as almost two separate markets, the orthodontic market and the GP market. I'm not sure exactly how far penetrated we are in the orthodontic side, but, let's say, what you have to look at is often when a doctor starts to do more and more Invisalign they want an iTero scanner per chair. And so you really can't look at it as a unit per doctor in that sense. You've got to look at it as a unit in the sense of number of chairs in that office. And so I'd say, obviously, we have a higher penetration rate right now on the ortho side than we do on the GP side, what's like Shirley quoted a moment ago at 150,000 GPs in the United States. We haven't really even begun in that sense. And that type of scanner has a good balance between Invisalign and being able to do restorative applications too. So if you're worried about kind of a max out on penetration that's not necessarily in the way that we're thinking certainly on a yearly basis. On the SDC volume piece, I don't think we've given out that data and I don't think we necessarily want to do that both for our sakes and SDC's too.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Ravi, first, I think your question is a great question. It's just from a penetration standpoint how do you drive more of it, and what you do. TFM is one of it. I mean, we've really rolled that out strongly in North America this year. Our numbers are tremendous in the sense of when you have a customer who wants to dedicate time to really learn. So again think of TFM as kind of the learning curve, as you have primarily an analog process and your whole office is worked around gluing wires and brackets and adjusting emergencies to people's teeth and what's it look like when you go do more of a digital format. And at the front end of the digital system, how you work with ClinCheck. And these are doctors that come forward and say they want to devote 90 days, 120 days of just learning, spending time to learn how to really ramp up in a digital format and it works well. But it's self-selected in that case, because doctors come forward. They really want to do that and spend their time. I'd also say the other thing I've learned in this job over the last two years is how important peer-to-peer is from a growth standpoint. It is having really good strong doctors that can communicate to other doctors about how to use Invisalign. We see this not just in North America. We see it all over the world. It's critical. And we've ramped up new programs like IMOP (42:47) and some other things that just really helped in that sense, both across the orthodontic community and also across the GP community to do it. So those are the two big programs I'd say we use to address the question that you have about how you ramp-up doctors.
Joseph M. Hogan: Ravi, I call than an IQ question, kind of, okay. And the way I'd answer that is we're in the clear aligner business and anything that help us to sell more clear aligners directly, it doesn't have to be explained, would be in our wind – our range. So, that's why we have a scanner business. We have a scanner business not from a diversification standpoint. We have a scanner business because it allows us to sell more clear aligners. And so, just you're not looking, I don't care how much cash we have. We're not looking to be a diversified dental company. We do clear aligners.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think, Zach, the best way to think about that is if we take a step back from this whole thing. Our approach to GP channel more and more is we make it easy and efficient. And Go is a product like that. It's a product where you can adapt quickly from a GP standpoint. It does simple cases. Most Gos are less than, I think, 15 aligners or so. We've adopted the protocols to make it simpler for doctors to do also. So, I would say, don't just take Go. You can look in the future. We'll have a series of more simple kind of products and systems that we'll introduce to GPs to get through. iGo is just the first one of those. That's not to down-sell iGo, but as we learn from iGo, we continue to iterate on that product line and make new and new offerings. But it's a big part of our GP strategy overall, is having the right product and the right kind of system that have feature that make it really simple for the GP docs.
Joseph M. Hogan: No material impact and you usually don't see material impact in that for 18 months or two years really, so.
John F. Morici: Yeah. I'll take that one, Brandon. This is John. What we saw with teens that helped us contribute to some of the upside that we saw in the second quarter for some of the volume and it's part of the overall campaign that we have where we're spending additional this year. And our guidance in Q3 reflects all those factors into our numbers.
John F. Morici: That's throughout the year. I mean primarily where a lot of that hits in the second quarter and third quarter, but there is additional spend throughout the year.
John F. Morici: What we've guided to Q3 – and you could see that from overall guidance standpoint. So, that's the update, Jon, that we have after we've seen Q2. And then from there, you can probably do the math to kind of get that overall from a year standpoint, but at least for the Q3 guide we feel comfortable with what we're seeing so far and that's what we ended up forecasting.
John F. Morici: Yeah. You're right, Jon. In North America, we took price increase in April. And in EMEA it came in July. So the price increases have happened. And, as we look at what's happening for the next quarter, we're pretty much expecting price to be flat to this quarter. So we have price increases. We also have other pressures and FX unfavorability as well, but you net all that out and third quarter we expect ASP to be flat.
John F. Morici: Yeah. Jeff, it's too early. I mean it's part of our overall plan, where we have that premium price product that has the additional aligners and that's built into the plans that we have and the pricing that we have. So, there's no extra reserve coming back related to that. It's just part of our overall plan from a strategic standpoint, as well as what we're thinking from an ASP standpoint.
Shirley Stacy: So, where we're having a lot of expansion opportunities, obviously, outside (30:54) or adding new doctors. So you're seeing a lot of the growth outside the U.S. being driven by adding new doctors. In the U.S. and in particular in both our ortho and GP channels, you're seeing growth by utilization predominantly, but we saw both as a driver in the GP channel.
Shirley Stacy: Yeah. So, when you look at the total size of the number of orthodontists and general dentists – and we can follow-up with you if you want more details – in the U.S., there is roughly 140,000, 150,000 GPs and orthodontists, roughly 10,000. Outside the U.S., the market is substantially larger. In Europe, there's probably 300,000. In Asia Pacific, there's probably twice that. So very, very – yes, it's huge. It's four or five times up. So – and we're happy to provide more stats for you offline.
Shirley Stacy: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on our conference call today. This concludes our formal remarks. If you have any questions, please reach out to the Investor Relations department. Have a great day.
