Tom Prescott: Thanks Ken. In summary, the team here at Align is as excited about the future as I have ever seen them and it's easier for me to understand why. That’s over thousand enthusiastic customer participating in a large commercialization pilot, if you are hearing the SmartTrack is the biggest innovation in Invisalign technology ever and when combined with the G3 and G4 steps which perceive them enables treatment of far more complex cases with greater patient comfort.  We are in the process of bringing our APAC distribution back in-house, gaining greater confidence and our ability to drive the business in our fastest growing geographies in the world. Where we staging growth in Europe even in regions like the UK where austerity programs and slow-to-zero growth at the norm. We continue to do well with our scanner business in North America where our direct sales model is successfully leveraging our Invisalign resources. In China, we continue to see strong Invisalign growth and remain bullish on its long-term potential. And around the world, we continue to gain share in the important teenager market.  We are not satisfied with recent quarter or Q4 guidance. We yet know they describe the business growing volume over 16% annually with huge head remaining for expansion. We intend to continue on with good execution of our important strategic initiatives and have the confidence we will deliver great results for our customers and their patients, our shareholders and our committed employees.  I look forward to seeing you at trade shows and investor events over the next few months as well as reporting back to you with our progress in the quarter. And with that let’s get right to the Q&A.
Tom Prescott: Well the first thing I will refer back to is the kind of this dichotomy that is existed between the channels checks, we and others have done and they are still showing strong consumer interest yet not necessarily translating into Invisalign case starts. What I say, we have seen some renewed activity now into October a bit and we believe that will start to generate. The second thing I think if you are referring back to couple of years ago, we do expect Europe to contribute more towards growth in Q4 where we did not have that outlook say in Q4 of two years ago. So, again we think the business is healthy, we wish we had all the answers, I think there is probably few maybe broader secular trends going on in dentistry that others have called out, but what we are going to try to do is just make sure that the activity in the offices turns into case starts and that’s what we are focused on.
Tom Prescott: We are sitting here on the 17th and as we are managing actively, we are hearing a lot of activity in the offices, patients are coming back in the offices and I will contrast that with two year ago when we still did not have what seem like positive activity even when we went to our call in October. And that in fact did not pick up until late in mid to late November or early December. So, we see the signs f good activity. Doctors are reporting, calendars are filling up again and there are a lot of good signs. We will watch that closely, that is reflected in our view going forward. 
Tom Prescott: Let me break that into two pieces, first about maybe what happened and second about how we see it going forward. First in terms of what we saw playing out in Q3 and I think you chronicled this pretty well. I think in the GP there was a softness, there was a slowdown, there has been reports of especially in the higher value procedures area on both LA, New York, some of the higher value procedures like full mouth restorations (inaudible) that really slowing down significantly. So, in general with GP practices even our higher volume customers which of all the groups really slowed down the most. They tend to react more to patient traffic coming in and kind of people asking for procedures rather than initiating those conversation. So, when patients are more passive or when traffic goes down, they tend to pull back and don't compensate by initiating more they literally just pull back a bit more. So, it's a different reaction, for the Ortho the specialist they are used to dealing with referral whether it came from own efforts or from a GP that they work with and they are used to jump in on those points of interest whether it's a first call or a patient coming in is really seriously considering. 
Tom Prescott: As Ken described well, the softness that we saw for September and into October that’s the basis of our October shipments, what shipping to patients and customers right now. And when that soft or obviously October shipments therefore revenues are little softer. We have seen in year's where Q4 can finish very strongly, the first thing that has to happen is activity in office (inaudible). It recently is stronger than it was in September as we reported and so I think there is what we can’t get to September volume, that anchors October shipments for all practical purposes, but we do see building on that as we leave October with growing receipts in November and December. 
Tom Prescott: We actually as we look at that pretty hard we have done some survey work from a variety of sources and our data show that we are still nicely taking share from all categories of brackets, traditional, etcetera and that’s in teen and adult. So, we think if [GSE] products going back on which is a good thing, they are an important part of this industry and that was a tough deal for them. But that’s probably coming out of the height of somebody else in the bracket and wire side does not appear to be a factor for us.
Tom Prescott: I’d say like every other medical device company we are working our tails off to both prepared systems and capabilities to be able to do this, even though there is no rule making in place yet at [TRF]. So, I think the simple fact is we are working on all our options and I’d say that that’s still process in place and we will talk about it much more fully when we do guidance and our view of how we are going to handle all this time next quarter. 
Tom Prescott: I will reinforce that I don’t feel we’re recovery mode. Certainly and that’s satisfied with our results in Q3 or the guidance we have given in Q4 the profile has been running with, but we are not in recover mode at all. The drivers as we said before this business won’t be perfect and it won’t be perfectly linear and we have demonstrated both of those here. So, the reality is we have adoption grows, core utilization grows among say orthodontist in a non-linear way. When we bring out new technologies that the earliest adopters that highest volume user the most technique sense of users who get a chance to get after it and then they start trying those new features on more and more kinds of cases.  So, we can now really precisely deliver force systems and do it in a way that’s better for the patients and doc. So, we expect over the next couple of years we expect that to reinforce core adoption and I’ll remind you we have given even as where we are which we have done pretty well. We are still a very small player in unit and unit share and we have tons of head room in virtually every orthodontic indication. So, our goal is looking at a graph on our wall is making sure we grow penetration. 
Tom Prescott: Two things, first of all we believe an have reinforced that this is a very strategic part of very early evolution, major evolution in the dental industry and being able to be at chair side, capture digital data, to be able to bring a wider set of applications to the dentist or the specialist is a very big deal and with few exceptions, for 27 years and they built a significant install base and can sell into that with upgrades. There are very few companies today that I say standalone on a scanner base have got big business. We have got one of the biggest install bases out there but we still think we are getting started. Overtime we believe this on its own merits can be a very successful business and return to growth. I mean it is pretty lumpy right now given uncertainty and all of those things, and even more so in Europe. But we believe that the kind of growth rates to identify data and other third parties are there to be had but we have taken a longer term view of this business.  The second part of that is you asked about Invisalign, I’m not going to quote the numbers here but we continue to see a substantial amount of our incoming cases now done by scans, at the meaningful number and growing very nicely every single quarter. I’d just say friction goes down for everybody involved, the patient, the doctor in a practice and Align in so many ways is faster, better, cheaper, easier, more precise. Aligner seem to fit better, the whole cycle of case to shipment is faster, and that’s the trend it's continuing.  The second thing is the doctors that use, take all the Orthos that have put scanners in, there is a meaningful number of increased cases, they are doing more than every other cohort around them, whether they were of small low volume and medium volume or a high volume Ortho. On average they are doing a significantly greater number of cases on a quarterly or annual basis and that’s just again from reducing (inaudible). We are in the early stages of it, but there is a lot of positive signs and we are in this for the long-term.
Tom Prescott: No, not really, I mean we watched this very, very carefully and I think if there is a little, so we are more than holding share for the other small players that are out there in clear aligner and Ortho. In GP, we may have had a little leakage we think call it that against Clear Correct we think, frankly Q1 and Q2 especially among lower volume GPs. And we think most of that was price driven maybe through group on and stuff like that. But we don't see any kind of longer term trends and we have not seen a kind of traction among consistent users from any other player. We see trial from time to time and then based with the features they don't have and can’t get and the capability that other players don't have the trend to revert back to Invisalign. So, that’s been the pattern where obviously trying to find the balance being confident and paranoid.
Tom Prescott: So, first of all we had a very strong first half and we had a very strong Q1, and carried a lot of that into Q2 with AOO and all of that. So, I don't know if it was more patient driven or practice driven, I don't know and we struggled to find primary data in this area that’s useful. So, what we are left with is the data we can get from third parties our own several times a quarter bottoms up and top down views our own qualitative and quantitative research with groups of customers and it's a pretty mixed bag, but for whatever set of reasons in the summer the late summer and into September, it was just like the offices were less engaged and there was less traffic. 
Tom Prescott: We have our own views and we always have a set of metrics, we applied to any new major project innovation, product innovation and we track whether quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year how we are doing against whether it's case complexity we are measuring, getting more class two cases whether we are looking at that sort of adoptions within certain practices. So, we haven’t started those things, setup and we will see how it does, but one of the very clear points of feedback since May, for example when we did the earlier pilots the doctors that we are treating patients said I don't want to go back to old material please let me keep this. And then some of them were involved in the commercialization pilot in May. 
Ken Arola: Freight, as we ship more and more products internationally the cost of get the product over there with the volume that we are looking at on a historical basis and the growth on the international business we are expecting that to grow nicely again this year. And given where we are, we are expecting our freight cost to be up on a sequential basis over Q3. If you think about Q3, volumes were down in Europe as is typically are. So, when you go in sequential basis Q3 to Q4 you have a greater impact of freight for those international shipments. Also with the shipments that are growing faster in the Asia-Pac region again that picked up additional freight cost to get product over to Asia-Pac as appose to Europe.
Ken Arola: Inventories at the end of September were basically $15 million of which about 13 million or so of that was related to the scanner business that we have been building up some inventory here in preparation for a move in Israel which we actually just completed. So, as far as your other question on CapEx, in quarter four we have about guidance was about 12 million or so of CapEx, and that has to do with some additional equivalent or buying to put down in the facility in Juarez to handle increased capacity over time here as well as some of the outfitting of some facilities cost and stuff like that improvement point of view. As far as CapEx this quarter, we spent I think there was about $6 million or so CapEx in Q3. And again that was mostly related to manufacturing equipment.
Ken Arola: I’d just start out by saying pricing has been very stable for us over the past number of years. We haven’t changed prices for a number of year's now on our products and we have chosen to do is at various points in time pointed promotions. So, over the long-term we think it's a good opportunity to be a growth driver in the business. We are run our advantage program for the doctors on the consistent basis on a year-over-year, we see doctors continuing to move up overtime in the number of cases that they are doing. Some quarters they move faster than other, this last quarter the biggest impact ASPs from a promotional point of view is certainly the teams of various promotion on a sequential basis and the other piece that you didn’t mention was really the foreign exchange rates that they moved pretty quickly from Q2 to Q3. Our view is that we will continue to look at promotions at appropriate times in the year for the business on the Invisalign as well as the iTero side of the business for example the 4,000 off promotion running in quarter four that will stimulate more placements of scanners in the marketplace. 
Ken Arola: John, we actually don't really comment on inter-quarter trend that we are looking that so what we are trying to point out in the call is that we saw the softness in September and into early October here, but on the contrary we are seeing activity in doctors office that’s still being pretty active, our sales force again is still active with the doctor based in, so our view is that as Tom said with activity picking up to help us as we go forward here. 
