Shirley Stacy: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. I'm Shirley Stacy, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Joining me for today's call is Joe Hogan, President and CEO; and John Morici, CFO. We issued third quarter 2018 financial results today via GlobeNewswire, which is available on our website at investor.aligntech.com. Today's conference call is being audio webcast and will be archived on our website for approximately 12 months. A telephone replay will be available today by approximately 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time through 5:30 p.m. Eastern Time on November 7. To access the telephone replay, domestic callers should dial 877-660-6853 with conference number 13683414 followed by pound. International callers should dial 201-612-7415 with the same conference number. As a reminder, the information that the presenters discuss today will include forward-looking statements, including statements about Align's future events, product outlook and the expected financial results for the fourth quarter of 2018. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties that are set forth in more detail in our most recent periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results may vary significantly and Align expressly assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We have posted historical financial statements, including the corresponding reconciliations and our third quarter conference call slides on our website under Quarterly Results. Please refer to these files for more detailed information. With that, I'll turn the call over to Align Technology's President and CEO, Joe Hogan. Joe? .
Shirley Stacy: Thanks. Actually can you repeat the first question? You're kind of light on the volume. We couldn't hear the first part of your question.
Shirley Stacy: And Elizabeth, I'm just going to add one other thing just in terms of what we're talking about with respect to ASP. The other part of the conversation has to do around the new Advantage Program this year and how that has additional tiers, and intended obviously to incentivize doctors to move up in tiers, and what we saw was the higher volume doctors moving up in tiers more than the lower tiers. So, that's part of the impact as well.
Shirley Stacy: Thanks, Chris. Well, thank you, everyone. That concludes our conference call today. If you have any further questions, please contact Investor Relations. And we look forward to seeing you at the upcoming conferences and at the Invisalign Ortho Summit next month. Have a great day.
John F. Morici: Yeah. Hey, Bob. This is John. On the remaining piece that's left, about half of the drop in ASPs was due to mix. It was mix shift to the lower stage products. And about the other half or $30 or so was related to those promotions.
John F. Morici: Yeah. You're right, Brandon. I mean, what we'll see initially because of the low volumes, we'll see more of that fixed cost over that low volume. So, that's a 0.5 to 1 point impact due to the manufacturing start-up. And then as we get more efficient, we should see some improvement as we go forward related to those manufacturing costs.
John F. Morici: Yeah, Jon, I would look at Q4 as continued mix effects that we have. So, as we are – the low stage that we've seen through Q3, some of the mix shift that's happening, that will continue into Q4. But like we had said, those promotions that we had, those specific promotions that were driving down some of the ASPs in Q3 will not continue into Q4. .
John F. Morici: Yeah. We're not giving the 2019 guidance, as you know, John. But FX is a piece of it. We call it out. It is what it is. And then everything else is on our operational performance. But we'll give a good update on 2019 at the next call.
John F. Morici: Yeah. I mean, what we see, Matt, that comes through some of those slides and trends is FX effect. So, if there's foreign exchange that comes through there, it shows up as well. So, some of that, especially when you look on the international side, you can see some of the FX effects there.
John F. Morici: Yeah. I think what we're expecting is kind of the Q4 ASPs that we're kind of calling should be that low point and that's how you should think about things going forward.
John F. Morici: Hi, Erin. Yeah. This is John. Yeah, the financing, it continues. It's primarily in the U.S. and it's something where it's financing that's not on our balance sheet's third-party company that we work with. And really we're just trying to find easier ways for our end consumers to be able to use Invisalign and make things easier for them. So we continue to do it. It's part of the conversion that we try to use. And it's been rolled out across the U.S. for a few quarters now.
John F. Morici: Jeff, what we would see is – you're right, on the FX, you see it come down a little bit from an ASP standpoint in the fourth quarter. But then from the fourth quarter, we expect it to be about flat, just given the mix and other things that we've talked about in terms of what we see in the business.
John F. Morici: Ravi, I'll take the gross margin question. Yeah, as we said, coming online with some of the manufacturing, it's at certain amount of costs that we need some of the volume now to be able to spread those costs over. So we guided in Q4 to reflect that. And then, as we get more efficient related to that manufacturing, both the manufacturing and the treatment planning that we have kind of globally, we'll start to see some of the efficiencies related to that manufacturing and treatment planning that will affect our gross margins.
John F. Morici: Yeah, just on the tax, we just gave kind of the highlights of the overall that affected tax. We had guided 21% and ended up at 19.5%. So you can pretty much say that it's 1.5% of our tax was a few things that came in a little bit favorable compared to what we guide. But those two were just kind of the big puts and takes for the quarter.
Joseph M. Hogan: And Bob, it's Joe. Look, obviously on the Advantage Program and the special programs we ran for the quarter, we do this all the time. We're trying to encourage customer stickiness. We're checking out different segments of the marketplace. We do this all the time. But in this case, what happened is we incentivized the upper end of our customer segment. We did not get the engagement in the lower end that we anticipated. And so, in that sense, we will shut that thing down. We won't repeat it again. We obviously learned from it and we move on.
Joseph M. Hogan: Brandon, I think if you look at our growth, I mean our growth is above 30% right now. So we don't see any diminishing returns in that sense. Remember, we had a big third quarter when you look at our volume growth versus other years. So the normal sequential kind of iteration that we go through between third and fourth quarters, we don't really believe it's going to be as dramatic as it has been in the past. And so this doesn't reflect anything from a market standpoint. Remember, as you look at our performance overall, international market's performed extremely well, okay? We still had incredible shipments in North America from an Invisalign standpoint. We also had great iTero, too. So, primarily what we're looking at is what we have with these promotions in the sense of the ASPs driven by them and the corrections we have to make as we go into the fourth quarter.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Jon, to answer your question backwards is, these are comprehensive cases. From a competitive standpoint, look, we continue to monitor the competition in the marketplace. Ormco is still out in ANZ and not completely engaged. 3M has obviously hit the marketplace in the United States and we see it. But these promotions were not geared toward trying to stop any competition that we're feeling right now. That wasn't the whole part of this promotional piece. Remember, third quarter's a big teen season. We had to make sure that we run the proper promotions going in there. This is a teen promotion and also an adult promotion too. Again, we're just trying some things in the sense of incentivizing the marketplace and it just happened to engage the upper tier of our Advantage Program rather than a lower tier that we had hoped. And these go on all the time kind of under the radar screen, Jon, and we don't talk about them. This one in the sense of how it performed obviously affecting ASP, we just have to give you clarity on it. But, again, I want to re-emphasize, this is not based on anything competitively that we saw in the marketplace that we thought we had to move around.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. On the lower end of the marketplace, it's just exactly how we target those incentives and how broad do we make them, okay? This was broad across all of our Advantage tiers. In the future, we'll just have to focus on the lower tiers in that sense in order to encourage that piece. I mean, it's that simple kind of feedback. We thought it'd be more of a balanced response across the tiers and it wasn't. And now on the GP, I think your second question had to do with GP doctors and how they get engaged. With iGo, as we start iGo, it's a mid-range product that we position with GPs that allow them to be able to do certain kinds of movements that we think are relatively simple to learn and for doctors to really start off the product line. And so, as you see the iGo growth all around the world, that's predominantly what we'd call a mid-range product that we're positioning with GPs at the moment.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Steve, I don't think the market is conditioned any differently than it's been before. The biggest change we've seen in the market is really just SDC in the United States marketplace. But that is a completely different segment since it's not through doctor's offices, and obviously that's not where the competition is right now. I think if you look at this, Steve, I think with this new Advantage Program we launched in North America in 2018, it just has a different series of brackets, a different series of rewards, at different kind of bonus levels. We haven't really engaged promotions around those things before. So it was a little bit of a learning curve in the sense of how those brackets, as Shirley talked about yesterday actually respond to these kinds of promotions. Don't look at this – I think I can understand your questions and the previous questions about, is there some external aspect that's really driving those things. If there was an external some kind of catalyst in this sense, we'd tell you. I'd tell you, okay? That's not why we do these things. We do these things to encourage customer stickiness. We do these things to figure out what really works in the marketplace. Look, I've never been in a business that has price elasticity curves like this business. And you really have to study those. We launch promotions, we do them at certain prices. We see what the uptakes are and we learn from those things. We're just launching this against a different type of an Advantage structured program and these tiers are different and this take-up was completely different than what we've seen before.
Joseph M. Hogan: I think we've always said it's about – back when we were actually comparing data with these guys, back before our lawsuit, and it was about a 10% overlap is what we saw overall. We don't have any information that would change that at all at this point, Steve.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Hey, John. We're expecting in the fourth quarter is what we said all along. Our communications with the FDA have been nothing bad or anything that would suggest that we're not on course. So I'd just say we're still sticking to our plan of being able to launch this product in the fourth quarter United States.
Joseph M. Hogan: Palate expander, we're still working through that. When you think about it, our Invisalign First product is a palate expansion product but it's not a rapid palate expansion product. So we're digging into that six- to eight-year, nine year marketplace with Invisalign First. We're still working through – in fact, I went through it this morning with a team. We're still working through the rapid palate expander and we'll give you an update on that as there's more to talk about. We're still thinking it's trialing in 2019 like we indicated at the most recent investors' conference.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Matt, it's Joe. When you look at it, every region we had a lot of strength in iTero. You start with we have now major penetration into China and great uptake there. Last year, we were approved in Japan and that's been good too. So, really all up and down Asia it's been strong. In North America, it's been strong across our individual doctor base but also, as you mentioned, the DSOs have been very strong also. And then also in the quarter, we did see increasing momentum with iTero scanners over in Europe too, which is our most difficult competitive market. We have good momentum there too. The launch of the Flex product line and iTero 2 were really great launches. Customers loved the product too so the response has been terrific. So, everything has been working extremely well with that business. But remember, that's just a wonderful footprint for us for future Invisalign business once we have those scanners in place.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. We don't factor it in, but honestly within one quarter of the launch of that, we wouldn't expect anything material, Richard, to report in that sense. And that's not anything to do with mandibular advancement. It's just the way things work around here in the sense of doctors will try this, they'll do a few cases, they'll get used to it. And then, as we move into 2019, we'll give you some idea of what we think mandibular advancement United States uptake would be.
Joseph M. Hogan: No, Richard, there's no correlation with the ASP side. Remember, last year, we ceased allowing 3Shape to be able to submit scans. And so those doctors would have to go back to PVS impressions, and we think that's pretty much what drove that. Obviously, our scanner sales have been really strong in United States. So we think that's just basically a re-submittal because of the situation we have with 3Shape right now.
Joseph M. Hogan: Erin we haven't given any statistics yet on our Experience centers. And we only had four stores, and now we're expanding the other eight stores right now. As we move into 2019, we'll be more transparent with that information. The doctors can engage in several ways. The doctors are actually engaged with the store. These products have a certain premium assigned to them, because we actually attract the patients and send the scans to the doctors or whatever. So, depending on what it is, Signature, Signature Plus or Deluxe, there's obviously a lab fee for the aligners but there's also a certain fee for those types of products. And then we're talking about the halo effect too. The halo effect, sometimes it's the doctors who aren't even associated with the program at all, we're still seeing a significant increase in Invisalign sales to those doctors just because of just the raising the awareness of Invisalign and doctors in that specific geographical area. And those are areas of anywhere between 10, 25, up to 50 miles we start to see that kind of response.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Steve, we can't nail it exactly, but we can tell you it's 1% to 2% on the North America volume.
Joseph M. Hogan: Well, you don't want to comment on price going into a year. We never do that, Steve. But we have raised price every year in the last three years. Obviously we raised price in this quarter, too. And it's been part of our strategy. It fuels a lot of the things we would do. We talk about Invisalign Experience and our marketing campaign and driving customers' adopters, also all the technology we invest into. So it's been a pretty large part of our strategic plan. But I don't want to comment on 2019 in that sense.
Joseph M. Hogan: Yeah. Jeff, it's a really fair way to look at it. I mean, we talked about Aspen last quarter. I mean, the whole idea of the Aspen piece and their uptake of iTero scanners was to put what we used to call a store in store. We now call it an Invisalign Experience thing in the doctors' offices within Aspen. And part of what we've done in the stores is we've created obviously consumer material. We've created a lot of things. From a customer engagement standpoint, turning customers into patients, we put those in place and we'll be able to employ in those DSO stores too. So, that's been a big part of our strategy and it's one of the reasons you see such a big uptake in the DSOs that we've been selling to and reporting.
Joseph M. Hogan: And Ravi, it's Joe. Your question on the segment and top dentists versus – or top orthos versus lower brackets, I'd just end it by saying there's room for everyone. You have to segment this market always between general dentistry as we call GPs and also orthodontists. But when we talked about at Investors Day, we see a market that we used to measure as 12 million case starts a year as potentially 300 million. But what we specifically talk about with our doctors, particularly on the ortho side, is this is a massive what we call analog to digital conversion, right? If you really want to get the productivity of a digital-based orthodontic system that ends up in plastic, and that's what our process is, is you really have to do predominantly a majority of your business has to be in digital. And those doctors that walk forward that want to go through that journey with us, we have a number of programs to take them through from financing to how you encourage more consumers, how you set up your practice, all those things, so you can make it as efficient as possible. On the general dentistry side, we often work from a restorative standpoint to make sure that we can work within those restorative workflows and make sure that it's profitable for those docs and they understand how to use these things. Ravi, one thing I want to make certain, and maybe it's just me being overly sensitive. Don't take Raph's announcement in any way as any indication that he had some responsibility for this promotional aspect for what went on. Raph's been tremendous for us. After running our international business, coming in and running marketing and strategic development and also business development, he's been critical to this business. This is not some kind of smoke and mirrors. This is Raph making the decision from a family standpoint that he's had issues with that he has to deal with right now. We support Raph in that from a family standpoint. This has nothing to do with him.
Joseph M. Hogan: We don't have any data, Michael, to hold up with that. I'd say, remember there's a million points of light in this business too because there's so many doctors overall involved. But I don't feel this has to do with having these promotions actually in some way and have that passed onto consumers. It's just not the feedback we get or what we think is going on.
Joseph M. Hogan: From a DSO standpoint, obviously these are large contracts we put in place. And there's significant price discounts in the sense for the volumes that the DSOs offer. So, when we talk about mix, there's a certain amount of mix associated with DSOs. When you see these kind of growth rates, 40%, it's obviously some aspect of the mix that we're talking about. So, when you think about that too, Michael, is that we don't have to spend as much OpEx on the DSOs. And it's really important to understand. A lot of them since they're general dentists, they use their own patients to generate their demand. The normal GP dentists would have 1,500 to 2,000 patients per office. We could help them mine those patients to understand which ones would want orthodontic treatment or could stand for orthodontic treatment or not. We don't have to have the amount of sales coverage that we'd have with individual doctors. So you're going to have a lower overall ASP on those businesses, but we feel that from an OpEx standpoint we're not spending as much money too. So, from a gross margin standpoint, it's still positive for us.
Joseph M. Hogan: As far as the price elasticity curves by docs going forward or whatever, I don't have any comments on that or really any projections of what that's going to be. When we talk about those things, we talk about segments. It would be lower segments or comprehensive segments or teen segments and those kinds of things. But we don't necessarily have that data by doctor or doctor tiers and where it's going to. And if we did have them, not so sure we'd share that anyhow. We just like to keep it at high level. But I'll just tell you that we're aware of these price elasticity curves from a specific – not just demographic, but a specific area of the marketplace all over the world. And we'd have to do promotions and things to test those. And obviously, we respond to those either favorably or not depending on what signals we get. It's an important part of why we do these programs.
