Thomas Prescott: Thanks, Ken. Well, it's a great feeling to get 2012 started off with such a strong quarter. It's also very gratifying to see our hard work pay off in the form of great results for our customers and their patients, as well as our shareholders, employees and business partners. While proud of these accomplishments, I am mindful of the importance of continued focus and effort on execution of our strategies and plans so that we can continue on our path to become a leader in orthodontics and digital dentistry. We fully intend to use this momentum as we head into a business time of the year with our major orthodontic industry trade-show AAO, here in a week or so; a series of other dental conferences; forums around the country; a busy training calendar both in North America and Europe; and in short, it's a great time to be out with our customers. In addition, we're on track to bring further new products, technology and key initiatives to the market over the summer months and we'll build on our highly successful consumer marketing programs. This team is focused on execution of a winning strategy, committed to delivering on these results and passionate about bringing positive changes to this industry. We continue to set tough goals and I look forward to sharing more of our progress towards them during our call this time next quarter. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for some questions. 
Thomas Prescott: Brandon, just to pile on that, I think we are, as I said, we are bullish about this business over the long-term and notwithstanding some softness in Europe on capital. And then secondarily we see - we’re very early in the process for this whole segment, but we see real strong interest out there among potential buyers. It doesn’t mean it’s going to turn on its head and grow like a rocket, it just means we see the opportunity to build an installed base and start to leverage that over time. 
Thomas Prescott: Glen, this is probably, I think the largest number of docs participating we have ever had in our history, ortho in North America, GP North America as well as international. And as our customer base gets wider, it is mix in a way, it’s doctors that aren’t yet necessarily in advantage yet or aren’t participating at the same levels of advantage. So, on a total basis, more of the case volume and the shipments came from those doctors that were low volume customers. So, that’s a positive ASP effect, not one that’s simple for us to forecast. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, as I said, our first criteria to our shareholders, our board was, don’t take eye off the Invisalign ball, so I think that’s the first place you should look to make sure we maintain focus on our game plan. The second is that we wanted to use the relationships we had with 20,000 plus customers in North America -- 25,000 customers in North America to at least introduce them to the idea for an intraoral scanner. Cadent had, I think, at the time of acquisition eight or nine reps, and we’ve more than doubled that now. But more importantly they are deployed in a way that has them working closely with each region for our Invisalign business. And so, instead of driving around demoing individual offices we use literally hundreds of Invisalign focused events, study clubs, workshops, training events in a very efficient way to introduce scanner and CAD/CAM services technology to GPs and orthos. That’s working very, very well. The Invisalign reps don’t have quotas for scanners and scanner reps don’t have quotas for Invisalign but we find little ways to -- little spiffs and stuff to keep them interested and more importantly they love kind of keeping score as a team. So, I think we’re still in the early days. We’re just -- next week it will be a year in. But this is one area where we’re - what I’d say we’re ahead of our original plans. I think over time as we are able to scale what Cadent had for OrthoCAD services and those kinds of things, then we can start putting effort into building out the suite of other orthodontics opportunities, the OrthoCAD products and elsewhere. Cadent was in a place where they really couldn’t scale that business. They didn’t have capacity and I think as we bring Juarez and Costa Rica resources online and get through a few growing pains here, we’ll be able to think about how to drive not just scanner placement growth but the services around that. So, still very interested in doing that. 
Thomas Prescott: We literally shipped our first Express 5 case at the end of January and feedback we’re getting is very, very positive from the docs. It’s still small but it’s growing nicely. In general, we’re not seeing this to be so much of an entry level product. Instead it’s a more experienced customer that says I have a very, very mild malocclusion of space, a little bit of crowding. I can comfortably offer a very cost effective treatment to this patient that doesn’t want comprehensive treatment or might have a very subtle relapse. And so that’s more of the initial uptake. I guess I don’t want to go into a lot of detail about how it lines up against Ormco’s product offering. We have a lot of respect for Ormco as a company and we’ll able to shout at each other next week at AAO. But I think we’re pretty comfortable with our overall offering with -- for any five stages you can get, we should be able to do more treatment than anybody else in the world. 
Thomas Prescott: I guess maybe I’ll ask Ken to jump in with a few details; I’ll come back and maybe make a few overarching comments about specific guidance on Q2. 
Thomas Prescott: Matt, just to pile on, with advance purchases and a much more integrated media platform than just TV and not in the old days having to buy remnants and spot, we are more buffered against a once every four year event like a summer Olympics. If I go back eight years or even four years, it was easy to displace us. We have a much more integrated program now and we are working with different kinds of programs like Disney, where we get access. So, certainly ad rates go up, and they’ll go up at the end of the year with the election, but we have a much more integrated platform and we are a little more buffered against that effect. 
Thomas Prescott: Yes, it’s a good question. We are not as -- that’s a bit more of an outcome than a design criteria for us. Let me explain what I mean by that. The number we focus on a little more is new doctors trained and we have to work around when they want to be trained. We delivered CE1 training to interested new doctors at a time when they’re willing to travel and go for place for a weekend etcetera. So, for example, early in Q1 or late in Q4 not available, parts of the summer not available. So, every year we kind of budget, if you will, a number of courses and number of new doctors and then we market to them and sign them up and we’re on track with that in general. The second part of that is and then we train doctors in their dental schools or coming out of ortho departments or whatever. And then the second part of that is, how quickly we’re able to engage doctors to start doing cases and these lower volume doctors might be out of it for a couple of quarters and then come back in with two or three cases. So, in this case, there is two effects. One we can control which is the new doctor training and by pointing them towards Assist and giving them incentives to do more cases soon. Meaning we want them to get some repetitions and get to use the product, so they’ll know how to do it. That’s working better and better. The docs that are coming back to the game are that their patients are asking about. Those are all positive things but we can’t necessarily predict that as well as we can with new doctor starts. So, as true sustainability we’re going to get variability quarter-to-quarter. We worry less about that and more about the core utilization in the repeat customers that we have and those are all going in the right direction. So, all these newer doctors and less involved doctors for us, that’s just gravy. It’s wonderful. We’ll take it and now we’re going to build and implement them. 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. Well, we’ve referenced a series of things, two of which are proprietary, one is available out there with a third party. The third party piece that’s available out there talked about you have both. Dentists will be the first to admit they aren’t the best forecasters in the world. But the way to get at that is to look at their calendars and their schedule books, their appointments and then the actual volume of procedures they’re seeing against, say, a period a year ago or a quarter ago. And when those elements collectively are positive, their attitudes are fundamentally different. And that’s probably the most important secular trend for us in dentistry is, are customers or the doctors more confident that their business is going in the right direction. The patients are coming in and they’re more amenable to considering higher value procedures. All of the indicators we’re seeing, these aren’t sharp lift, but they’re directionally up and that’s all a good thing. And the reason why there is more leverage for us there compared to say more of the traditional consumables players, is that it doesn’t take much of a move around attitude for the dentists and their practice to be much more comfortable. The patients are already there, but for them to be much more comfortable in offering these higher value procedures. And so, again, the first secular trend we watch is relative attitudes and outlook and confidence about the future state. We know that our GP dentists and our orthos will be more likely to offer higher value procedures like Invisalign if their attitudes are positive. And it’s just the opposite on the downside. Again small changes, up or down, have a pretty big impact the way they behave. So, again, I think we’ll know more. We’ll get a re-through when DENTSPLY reports, when [Pedersen & Shine] reports. We aren’t the proxy for broad dentistry, but again we are extremely underpenetrated and the first trend for us especially among our dentists is when they have positive attitudes about the quarter ahead, the year ahead, and that’s what gives them the most confidence to move forward. 
Thomas Prescott: I guess I am just thinking about the best way to deal with it hypothetically. Hypothetically, we had a basis for looking at growth years ago and the reasons why doctors didn’t do certain cases was because they didn’t think they could get the right finishes. Removing those reasons by giving them the ability to get those -- treat those more complex cases, get those finishes, is exactly what’s driving utilization growth. So I guess if you look back three, four, five years and say, while there is still an appetite for consumers and patients there were good reasons for practices not to do more complex cases and we were taking those down. So G3 and G4 are the latest, there is going to be a lot more of that to come and we intend to be a brutally efficient competitor here at bringing technology like this forward. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, yes. I’ll remind you Spencer that G3 and G4 is embedded completely into every product whether it’s Express 5 or whether it’s Teen or whether it’s Full or Assist. And so, the question came up earlier about competitive pressure with another product is, for any length of treatment we are going to bring the best technology possible, which should give you the most movement per stage, the most predictable case, the best finish. So, we literally have, we want our best technology, G4, G5, whatever’s coming next, into every single case. That’s what’s creating greater predictability. That’s what’s giving confidence to docs, and that’s what’s leading to increased utilization. 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. I’ll keep it simple. China is one of the few countries we think, individual countries that offers the same kind of size potential as say the U.S. does. So we are taking a very, very thoughtful, careful approach to building the right base. Ensuring that our research and clinical education, partners at the major universities there are treating a lot of cases and getting that case experience. By definition there are much more complex cases and many of them are two, two and a half years long or more. And as we get that foundation built over the next year or two, I think we are going to be in a position to step on the gas a little bit, but we believe this will be a contributor to growth in the mid to long-term not in the near-term. But again, we are taking a thoughtful and very organized and disciplined approach to building the business there. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, first of all, not just EMEA, we are just starting with an existing business and ramping up in Russia and other places. But we expect Asia-Pacific has basically been outstripping all of them to continue to grow very nicely. We’ve got critical mass in a whole set of countries and we expect that to continue. Their volume is growing faster than even Europe’s volume or North America’s. So, in general between the three of them Asia-Pacific, Latin America and EMEA, we expect collectively the volume to grow to outstrip by a little or a lot what we are seeing in Europe which is healthy. So, if you just lay that line out five years, we would say that the non-direct volume outside U.S. is going to continue to take a larger piece of the total volumes and we expect - but we expect net order distributor rates to grow faster than international than U.S., and yet all of them collectively are growing pretty nicely. So, we don’t see a reason why that would continue, part of that is new doctor training. But I’ll remind you that a lot of that is the cases that get treated outside the U.S. are generally far more complex than what gets treated in the U.S. In Asia specifically and parts of Europe we are dealing with far more complex facial, structural change and Class II and Class III cases. So the G3, G4 etcetera really plays to that. That’s part of what’s helping us pick up incremental volume. 
Thomas Prescott: I think what you are seeing right now is exactly what you should expect in the nearer term. The volume growing faster and certainly with the discount that revenue grows a little slower, but volume growing faster in distributor geographies and then Europe growing faster. I think we are going to restage growth in Europe as we are already seeing and then North America continuing to do pretty darn well. So, it’s high quality problems. 
Thomas Prescott: I would maybe amplify that a little bit. The network of labs and the services flow around a scanner, many of the scanners we have sold to this date at this point have been orthodontically focused in Europe, and the lab infrastructure is different country by country and it’s certainly different from the North American. So, we think the stream of services around the scanner varies. It can be maximized in North America and some European countries. In other countries, the same lab opportunities don’t exist. So, I’d say that part of the reason why we put most of the focus on go to market initiatives and bundling initiatives was directly for that reason in North America. For every installed base unit in a GPs office there are more opportunities to drive value to help the dentist’s office drive productivity and for us to get rewarded for that by getting some more revenue and margin out of it, in North America versus other geographies. That’s still where most of our effort it is. We are very supportive in working with our partner Straumann through in a difficult environment to place more capital, but also mindful that the services stream around those scanners is a bit lighter. And as we scale the business better on the former Cadent side, we think we will be able to grow the services side which is a bit of a perpetuity over time, even faster. But as I said, we are coming up on year one here and we’ve got a lot more work to do. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, I don’t know. It’s too early. I think we’d have false precision calling that. We don’t get great information from a customer if they decided to close and take possession in January or February versus November or December. Maybe we’ve been at this for a while longer we’ll have a better view of that, but I don’t know that we’d have any commentary on it at this point. 
Thomas Prescott: Well in terms of units the numbers we use have pretty been consistent. And again once we waterfall out the cases that are too complex for us to even to be in the discussion for or the younger kids where we come back with a unit share of around 3% for Teen worldwide. So we really view that we have a lot of headroom for growth there for Teen. This is probably the reason for the focus. 
Thomas Prescott: It’s more -- today, it’s more U.S. then not. And again we are disadvantaged a bit more O-U.S., because in many of those countries there are formal reimbursement programs, which only reimburse brackets and wires or traditional treatments. Some of those are going away over time, but again I think the 3% in terms of unit share is a number that we always get to. 
Thomas Prescott: So I think you have seen us adjust over the last year or two, maybe two years. As few years ago in terms of events, in terms of which is part of our platform, in terms of ads we were, based on some research, we’re going much more after the Teen as decision maker, and the fact is for this purchase, for many purchases teens aren’t decision-makers. For this purchase, mom typically is still the decision maker. And so, we are advertising to moms and teens and that changes your tone on a lot of things. Along the way, we can still advertise to mom, appeal to her own interest in having a better smile and also position Teen. So that’s one adjustment and that plays out through a lot of different programs and a lot of different approaches and pieces of the mix. Secondly, we are far more balanced. If I go back three years, certainly five years, we were much more push versus pull. We have a very complementary and balanced mix of PR and traditional advertising and radio and optimized search and social media and a whole range of other tools that allows us to make this sum more effective than the parts. Five years ago we were pretty much media and now we even have some high end print and all those things together. So, for every incremental dollar we can get a bigger kick than we would if we were just using one part of the platform. And then finally, we track this internally for cost per lead, cost per qualified lead, conversion rates and all that, and all those elements continue to get better and better. With advertising and marketing you always know you’re leaving money on the table, but our net effectiveness continues to get a lot better. 
Thomas Prescott: I hope it’s not random noise. I think it’s a set of things Jeff. Someone asked a question earlier about primary demand. What we do know is that when the fundamental conditions get better in dentistry, it really helps us. And maybe the way I would say this is, when things are lousy we do better than most. When things are good we do better than most. That’s an okay kind of outcome for us. But in this case especially with GPs, if you saw the number of say lower volume GPs that came in, they are having the confidence to come in and start cases that if they bring up this topic, their hygiene staff, the doctor if their patients are more willing to engage with them in that idea about treatment, or if patients raise the topic with them they are more comfortable moving forward. Second thing is, and we hear this from some of our research, is that when the orthodontist -- years ago, when the orthodontist said, Invisalign doesn’t really work, it really -- there is a negative halo effect for the GPs that took years to dig out of that. Orthos, even those orthos that don’t choose to do much with us are saying, this product is actually really working. I am not sure it’s for me, this thing actually really works. I am amazed with what I am seeing. That has a huge positive halo effect for a GP that mostly worries about messing something up and losing a patient. So, I think - and then the third thing is, we have had a lot of recommitment to more training and webinars and our low volume, medium and high volume customers, orthos and GPs, are all very aware of the technology and they are becoming more comfortable that this is a very predictable product to use. It’s still very technique sensitive, but I just think those things together are taking us to the right direction. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, let me take the negative first because we came to a logical -- first of all we decided to fully integrate this business, not run it as a standalone business. It was too much like us and they did such terrific things and we had such complementary skills. We were kind of landlocked. We didn’t have any more capacity to put milling and customer support and tech support in New Jersey, and given the opportunity we decided to accelerate moving all of that to Juarez or to Costa Rica. We gave the employees there a year notice and more in some cases in retention and thought this is how we would talk to our own employees if we were going to make a change. On the way we found as we were disconnecting some things, that we hadn’t quite rebuilt capabilities in the new place yet. Not everything was documented and so I think in the areas of customer support and access to a skilled person to answer our question, and a few other things, we underperformed there. And I am being just brutally candid here that that’s an opportunity for us to do better. We’ve tripled the number of resources there. We’ve got a great team in Costa Rica and Juarez, they are pulling that. And within a month or two I think we’re going to be well past that, moving past it. So, I think that was a little harder than we thought and there were some pieces we didn’t understand as well as we could have. And in retrospect, if I had to play that back, we probably would have moved slower to make that happen. But again, I think if you do this a lot the risks of moving too slow are often greater of moving too fast. So, we erred on the side of moving fast. On the positive side, there are so many -- the acceleration we’ve actually had in the technology and product side, the impact from our small efforts by our large sales team and marketing teams with great relationships, we’ve been far more effective at moving scanners and placing scanners in the Invisalign base. And I think at a strategic level, we were a little afraid that we were ahead of the party too much. Our customers really get it. And I think as we start bringing on these tools that improve their work flow and make them more productive and feel like the patient, that’s going to just start -- those things will start to be multiplicative. I think we are couple of months away from feeling the leverage for the Cadent customers and we’ll get through it. Well, I’m talking all of our lab customers and everybody else, but I’m being brutally honest here. We can do better here and we are. But the rest of it is just so positive, we’re extremely excited about the long-term here. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes. It was about $500,000 roughly that we took, it was purchase - came in as part of the purchase accounting that we did with the acquisition, and we had to deliver dual scanners to the doctors with that capability. And once we did, we had about $0.5 million of revenue deferred. There is  a little bit more coming in the next quarter or two as we continue to upgrade a few other systems out there in the field. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, this is Ken, I will respond to that. So, during the quarter here we saw a little bit of ASP in North America with -- we saw doctors overall increase in doing business with us. A number of doctors, so the base of doctors. Overall we thought we would see higher levels of rebates from all doctors in general. So the good thing is we saw more doctors participating in driving more volume in the business, but they were lower volume doctors this quarter as supposed to some of the higher volume doctors achieving high levels of rebate. So that had a favorable impact to ASPs. There were other miscellaneous discounting programs in North America that were probably a little favorable as well. On the international side, FX came in a little bit better than we were anticipating from an ASP perspective also. And then looking at quarter two, coming into quarter one, we are looking at FX rates around 1.28, 1.29 to the dollar for the euro. They seem to be a little more stable right now I guess, like 1.32, 1.33-ish range. So, we take into account where we think FX is going to go. And then the program I referred to has had an impact on ASPs in international, in my prepared comments had to do with a program we are running on a very focused basis in basically January and February to get lower volume doctors to utilize Invisalign more in their practice. And that was again targeted, it’s not going to be necessarily repeated every quarter. It was successful so the team is evaluating that. 
Kenneth Arola: So, at this point, Glen, I mean we look at it from an opportunistic point of view and when we feel that it’s right to buy in the marketplace, we’ll be out there and I’d probably just stop at that. 
Kenneth Arola: Sure. We are actually about mid-way through the transition here with our goal of being completed by the end of quarter three. We are making some good progress. We are on track with the various aspects of the transition. We are in the process of hiring folks down in Costa Rica as well as in Juarez for the transition and started the cross training. We’ve actually started a while back as we manufactured a fair amount of volume for the restorative side of business out of Juarez this quarter that we just completed. So, things are on track and anticipating at the end of Q3 we should be able to complete the transition. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Matt, I guess my view of it is we are showing some I think pretty strong growth Q2 to Q2, 20% plus on a year-over-year basis. And coming off of a strong quarter one into quarter two and even sequential growth was stronger than normally where you might look back and see Invisalign volumes growing 5% or 6% sequentially. Guidance is more in that 7% to 9% range. So, from my perspective, again goes back to the technology, the clinical efficacy of the product now, and things we are doing on the advertising front going into the teen summer. Building up for the teenage case starts that start in the month of June basically and getting ahead of that and educating parents and moms and kids about Invisalign. So, from my perspective I think 20% growth is pretty respectable on a year-over-year basis. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, let me just kind of frame it for you a little bit here. Last quarter we talked about adding in scanner sales force and we’ve got the scanner sales team fully up to speed and up and running now. So that it will level itself out as we move through the remainder of the year here unless we add in on a spot basis someone here and there. The Invisalign sales team will be looking at expanding a couple of characters as a business. It has grown pretty significantly. It got reps and territories that are twice the size of what they were several years ago. So, we’ll have a few sales people who will be feathering into the business over the second half of the year. And the way with our advertising, we will be pretty heavy in Q2 here in advertising. Much more than we were in quarter one and in quarter three we’ll keep relatively strong with our advertising and fall off more in the fourth quarter again. 
Kenneth Arola: So the couple items that occurred last year if you recall, Matt, were we got behind in some hiring in the summer months, and that impacted some of our spending in relation to some of the marketing programs that we are trying to accomplish over in Europe specifically. I think this year we’ve gotten back on track with some hiring like I had mentioned and I would hope that we don’t get surprised on the short side of spending because we just haven’t added the right amount of people at the right timing. But it’s always a matter of finding the right person at the right time to bring on board. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Jon, this is Ken. So, one of the biggest factors here really of overall gross margin is the volume of the product going through the factory. As we are doing more complex cases, you may have a few aligners per case of an increase but that gets compensated when we saw the volume that went through the factory this past quarter, to actually drive gross margins up a bit here. And that’s what you see in the business pretty routinely. If volumes move up pretty significantly in a quarter, we’re relatively fixed cost in the factory overall at least in the near term. So, you see the leverage on that showing up right away in the P&L. And on an ongoing basis, Jon, I would say the operation guys -- they are continuously looking for ways to optimize the manufacturing process, continue to get costs out. They’ve obviously done a great job over the last four or five years, but there is still more opportunity. 
Kenneth Arola: That’s correct. We still have people in New Jersey and we still have -- I mean we’re hiring people in Juarez and in Costa Rica for that transition. We have duplicative costs not only in people but in facilities costs. 
Kenneth Arola: Well, the scanner business, we have - as far as volume is concerned we are continuing to work through our third party distributors Straumann with them. And like we said last quarter, we are working with them to try to get growth going again in Europe with scanners. On the services side of the business, it has been a little bit slower as well last couple of quarters. And that has to do combination with the economy and also just a fact that scanner placements are a bit slower in Europe then they have been in North America. Where North America we have been right on track with our -- maybe even ahead of our view of what’s going on with scanner placements in North America and getting some good traction with the sales force. 
Jonathan Block: Maybe the first one, just on gross margin. I think your Invisalign gross margin of 79% I believe was the highest, I don’t know, in the company’s history, but maybe the past four or five years. So, if you can give some comments there. You are doing more complex cases, you think that would be more aligners and maybe somewhat cap the margin, yet we see it continue to trend higher. Where do these go or can you talk directionally once you conclude most of the ongoing initiatives that’s taking place in Juarez right now? Thanks. 
Jonathan Block: Okay. Great. And then maybe just to shift gears for a second. You just talked to China and still think about that as longer term but you’ve done a great job ramping a lot of your trained doctors in the various EMEA countries. And maybe if you can speak to what’s going on over there, how that’s been ramping up and even if you can provide us with maybe an EMEA growth rate or Europe versus non-Europe growth rate would be very helpful? Thanks, guys. 
Jonathan Block: Exactly. I want to know what’s going on from a case volume perspective. I mean you’ve gone from just a handful of trained docs, I got to look at my file, but 400, 500 trained docs in EMEA over the past several months. So, how do you see that business evolving over the next 12 to 24 months? Thanks. 
