Joe Hogan: Nathan, look, we saw what we talked about in December, we had a rapid decrease through COVID. But what we've seen as we've gone into January is just a progressive improvement. And we feel good about that. We feel it's moving in the right way. And it's in direct correlation. We track it around the country with what's going on with Omicron in certain states and certain regions. And remember, this is in just the United States. We've seen this all over the world. We see it in APAC, and we see it in Europe too when we track it.
Joe Hogan: No, we don't see this as a demand issue. I mean, we look at the market as we always have. That's why we reasserted our 20%, 30% growth rate for this year. So this is not a demand equation issue or you call it a supply, but I'd call it demand from a patient standpoint. We just see it's patients and doctors in the sense of cancellations, availability and all those things that COVID has impacted around. So we remain very confident. That's why you see us to continue to make investments, the things we announced today. We feel really good about the business. We just have to get through this first quarter and what we talked about, and we'll move on. We feel really good about it.
Joe Hogan: We understand the basis of your question, Matt. That's not a problem in that sense. Look, as I mentioned before, we're really confident in demand equation in the sense of Clear Aligners and Invisalign. What we're experiencing right now is obviously somewhat of a slowdown in our order demand pattern based on what we see through the virus that's going on around the world. As soon as that clears and we see it clearing around the world, and as I mentioned, we see January improving over December, we're very confident in demand models that we've expressed for this business over the last several years.
Joe Hogan: John, on your your other part about you have the rest of the year, we understand that. I mean we've modeled it out. Remember, our comparisons are a little better in second half than they were first half when you look at what we did in 2021 in the first half of the year. So look, we wouldn't make that prediction if we didn't think it was feasible based on what we've seen and what we've modeled.
Joe Hogan: Jeff, I think from a competitive standpoint, nothing's really changed. As we look out there, you can see the tech we just announced this week, we move on in the sense of our capabilities, what we can do. My position has always been that competition isn't really affecting us from a price standpoint. I think you see that in what we're doing. But they do serve to help to broaden the market and increase the market and make -- increase the awareness. So we feel we are -- in this kind of competitive environment, we're doing well, and we lead in this sense and there's nothing as we go into 2022 that I won't reflect on it's changed competitively than what I've seen over the last 3 years.
Joe Hogan: I mean we're -- it's Joe, Jason. I mean there's no big change in the sense of what we think the critical drivers are that we have to invest in to drive growth. Where we invest and how we invest is really important. When you look at technology, when you look at consumer pieces, however, parts of those demand inflations you want to go to. But remember, there are certain ratios that we always hold to in this business, its that what we invest in. And we hold ourselves accountable for those ratios and that performance from a profitability standpoint.  But I can't overstate the importance of having a strong sales force. We talked about additional sales people that we are putting in place. Our consumer brand means a lot in the sense of our growth. And that's becoming more and more sophisticated in the sense of where we spend those dollars and how we spend those dollars. But leading in technology, you have to have technology in this business, and that's why we're excited to really announce what we did today. We've been working on these programs for 3 years or more. And these are game breakers in the sense of how you interface with a doctor and how a doctor interface with patients.
Joe Hogan: Over the years, Brandon, we've obviously seen that correlation, and we've communicated it to you in a sense if you sell more iTero scanners, you sell more Invisalign. And that's obviously, the front end of our digital system and it works for us really well. We just had to side the 50% because, one, you saw we had a very strong fourth quarter for iTero. And we always have strong fourth quarters. So this was exceptional in that sense. And it was a good signal from the practices that we're dealing with that this had to do with the day-to-day flow that you see from an Invisalign patient standpoint, it had nothing to do with their enthusiasm in the sense of embracing the digital environment that we're talking about. And so to see the number of sales that we had really in the last couple of weeks of the quarter, it was just a good signal for us. And we wanted to share that with you is that this market is embracing digital even when it's under pressure, and we're performing really well in that area. As far as 50%, whatever and how, I don't know exactly what the historical percentages are in that way. But we're -- obviously, what we're excited about is once those scanners are in place, it gives us a good foundation to sell Invisalign.
John Morici: And we -- as we mentioned, we added some sales resources in Q4 to get ahead of sales territories and changes and so on. We saw that show up in Q4, but it really gives us the opportunity then to be able to grow as we get into this year. So it's continued investments to drive the biggest return and that's what we're continuing to do.
John Morici: We'd expect them to be similar. When we talk about 20% to 30%, we're talking about revenue for the entire company, but they would be similar from an outlook standpoint.
John Morici: I think, Jon, it's continued investments like we have with the story to continue to invest that we have and being able to be able to grow into this market. So I think when we look at it overall, we're kind of pegging the GAAP rate to be at 24% for 2022, and we'll evaluate and update as we go forward. But it's continuing to invest. We've got, as you know, our Poland facility going live in 2022. And we have some of those moving parts that will impact our gross margin slightly as a result of that, but -- and that translates to op margin. But those are the initiatives that we have, but nothing out of the ordinary that we've done in the past.
John Morici: I think I'll maybe start with the last part of your question, Jon. When you think of what's happened in the world with Omicron and the effects of that, it's affecting parts of the world at different paces. You see it even within the U.S. Northeast maybe gets hit with it first. It starts to open up later. After that, maybe other parts of the country get impacted. So it's not like it just happens and you immediately get it back. It comes down to when people are able to go to work, in this case, at doctors' offices to be able to provide care and then it comes down to when patients feel comfortable to be able to go back in. And so it's not an immediate effect in how we look at it. So think of -- and what we've learned from kind of COVID 1.0, the first time we saw this, we know that there's an impact, and then there's a recovery period -- and that's our best view of that recovery period.
John Morici: I can answer both of those, Jeff, in terms of the 20% to 30%. We're not going to call kind of high low on that. We're kind of reaffirming our 20% to 30%, similar to what we talked about at Investor Day despite some of the things that we've talked about here with Omicron in some of those cases and so on. But when we look at Invisalign case volume, we would expect to be in and above that range. So nothing out of the ordinary from what we expect. We don't see -- our ASPs were very similar to what they were in the prior quarter, provided that there's not FX or other things that we're not projecting now. And if there's no change there, we would expect to be in that range as well.
John Morici: Nothing to be concerned. We're in a fortunate cash position as a company to be able to generate a lot of CFOA and free cash flow. And in working with doctors to be able to give them more flexibility, sometimes we'll extend payments. But we've actually seen historically low amount of past dues as we've gone through this time period in 2021. So we feel very comfortable with that. It's just working with doctors to kind of meet their cash flow needs, but nothing out of the ordinary.
John Morici: Yes. I think to clarify, Jason, the month end showed improvement versus December. It was -- it's how COVID spreads across, whether it's one country or parts of countries and so on and how it affects the staff and how it affects the patients in. But as we exited, we're in a better trend line than we started the month with.
John Morici: And I would just add to that, Jason. We're investing with that return on investment in mind. That's how we look at our long-term growth model. And when we make investments, we have that in mind. In some countries, you're going deeper, you're adding more salespeople to get closer to doctors and really talk to drive that utilization. In other areas where you don't have a direct sales force, you're just adding and just trying to get the breadth in there.  And then we've been talking about a lot of the marketing activities and other things that we do to drive that awareness in some of those markets and coupled with the research and development investments. Some of it operations, again, to get closer to our customers like in Poland. So it's a multitude of investments, but we look at it with how do we generate the best return and there's multiple different ways that we do it across these functions.
John Morici: Yes, it's a good question. We are seeing freight -- it looks like many companies have. We have a lot of plans in place to drive productivity. The operating team is very aware of our cost inputs and where we can drive productivity, getting closer to our customers, like we talk in Poland. Once we get there, that will be a freight savings. And once we're operational there, and that will help. But we haven't really finalized any plans on a price increase. We'll evaluate as we go through. And the first people that we talked to would be our customers. But you're right, we understand the price is important, but we're also very sensitive to our customers and what they've had to go through as we've been on this COVID journey. So nothing in the works now.
