Joe Hogan: Jason, we started with not high expectations to begin with, all right? But I would say the U.S. market panned out the way we thought overall, maybe a little more strength in Latin America, a little momentum despite the elections and some economics there. Europe just wasn't quite as strong as what we thought. And as we tried to explain in my notes that I really feel it's just -- it's the uncertainty that circulates Europe right now and Ukraine situation doesn't help either. From an Asia standpoint, we're affected by COVID again. We saw it in China, even though we had growth in China, which was respectable and in Japan also, but we saw the market impact in those two areas, too. I felt great about it's a smaller part of the business, but Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and other businesses that were up significantly, but our major three were still affected, primarily the three is Australia and China and Japan with some COVID issues. So it's a way of saying, I think in general, we anticipated where we are, we were hoping for the best year. But what really grabs me to, Jason, maybe I'm giving you too much for your call is that the teen demand, we felt good about overall across the globe in the United States, too. The teen packs did well overall. And obviously, we'll roll that out in other parts of the world, too. The adult -- the impact on the adult cases is what was -- to me, is astounding in the sense, and you see that flow through the orthodontic community, the GP community too. And that's not just in the United States, we see that all over the world. .
Joe Hogan: Jason, it's a fair question. First of all, I'll turn it over to John, but I'm going to give that 20% operating margin piece. I had no idea. You'd see international currency swings. And way we've seen it. I've been in these jobs for a long time and you don't expect 25% decreases year-over-year in currency. And so obviously, we had to back up on that piece. I feel good about the way we manage our cost I feel good about where we're investing and where we continue to rightsize. John will give you more specifics.
Joe Hogan: Again, like on the last call, Brendon, I think it played out the way our expectations, I think were formatted. We talked about teens in the third quarter. And obviously, that's teen season. That played out well from what we anticipated. And as we mentioned before, we think teens are somewhat shielded -- not completely, but shielded from the economic environment because of the time window for treatment and parents that want to help their teens through that whole process. The adult segment was the -- we saw the most volatility in for sure, both in the United States, Europe and in Asia. It's hard for me to tell you that we're -- there's any kind of change from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter. It was pretty consistent from what we've seen. John, would you add anything else? .
Joe Hogan: That's a good question. I mean, China is a very important market for us. As we talked about on other calls, those Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities have been an important target for us. We've known for about two years, we have a hole in our portfolio in those areas, particularly with -- we have comprehensive on top, and then we have a moderate product between it. So we announced Invisalign standard, Invisalign adult. And what this does is it just helps us segment the market. These are not -- they can't handle -- these products can have handle cases like Invisalign First Scan or mandibular advancement or some of the sophisticated cases we have out there. We don't offer CBCT 5-minute ClinCheck and those kind of things around those products, too. So we tailor those products for more moderate kinds of cases in those specific areas where public hospitals have been strong. And we really good results from the standpoint of what we saw in the uptake that we saw over this last quarter, and we'll continue with that strategy. We feel good about it.
Joe Hogan: Yes. So Brandon, I think honestly, I feel really good about our positioning there. China did perform well from a volume standpoint, and we'll continue to update on our progress. .
Joe Hogan: John, one other thing to add to that, too, on the DSP program, we look at that as incremental, not as replacing other business that we've had in the past. So like we feel good that's an expansion play for us. And I think you see that in the numbers, too.
Joe Hogan: Yes, I think you learn a business, John, never be binary, either or. I'd say the majority of those cases, if you look at it, we're picking up from an ortho standpoint, a lot of retention we never had before. We see orthos doing touch-up cases and all that might have been done in-house at times. So I'm not saying that there's absolutely nothing that would transpose from one to another, but I'd say primarily, we're looking at that as a growth opportunity for us.
Joe Hogan: Yes, John, again, that's a good question. I think when you talk about first quarter to second quarter, the rhythm that we had there, remember, the normal rhythms we've seen in this business, the seasonality, we call it. We have not seen that since really 2019. And so we had muted signals on teens through 2020, '21. Just -- it wasn't the same. What I liked about -- what I saw in the third quarter was we saw teens come back in the sense of in a pattern of what you'd expect in teen season, Q3, Q4. It's too early for me to dig out the data and tell you how much share we're gaining against wires and brackets. John, we don't talk about a lot or products like -- and we highlighted it here today, when you look at the Invisalign First product line, we're really getting tremendous results out there on young patients, 6 to 9 years old, the Phase I, Phase II treatments, where often the Phase II can be a lot less extensive than what the Phase I was with wires and brackets. So our different expansion devices. So we see a big uptake in that product line from a teen standpoint. We see that as penetration too. We've seen consistent growth from a share standpoint in those teen cases in Americas globally. So -- we just introduced curved wings mandibular advancement too that's having a really good start in the market, too, to address some cases that mandibular advancement couldn't get in the past. So John, both with technology, with our advertising campaigns, the teen packs and whatever, I continue to feel good about our movement. We'll have more as we analyze the trends, the share trends and stuff that we'll be able to share with you, but I do like our position in the marketplace in teens.
Joe Hogan: Ben, it's Joe. Look, first of all, what I protect with my life here are our direct salespeople and also our technology and our engineering team and what we focus on. And so we've made sure that we continue to reinforce those. There's just other parts of our business, too, that we rightsized. I mean, obviously, this business is used to growing 20%, 30%. And so we kind of came into the year with that mindset. We quickly realized it wasn't. And so we've taken actions in order to do that. But you see that throughout the business. Don't forget, we also have really strong productivity programs and manufacturing and all, that really help us during these times. Emory and his team do a terrific job, they help to drive that. John will give you another insight in a sense of how we're managing OpEx across the business.
Joe Hogan: Jeff, it's a fair question. I'd first take it to Europe. I mean Europe was down substantially for us, too. So I don't think we've got a clear signal out of there because of the economics and in general. I mean we did fairly well in -- from a European standpoint. But third quarter in Europe is never a particularly strong quarter. We're going to pull a signal out of -- you look at the United States, you go to Gaidge Data. And you'll see that inside Gaidge Data aligners were down but Invisalign was actually above what the generic aligners are reported in Gaidge data, which says we continue to do well with our teen portfolio and what we do. . You see wires and brackets cases actually expanded. But what that is, is you see if they're doing more -- fewer adults -- and you know how orthos have held on to teens for a long time, you get a mix phenomenon there where it looks like they're doing more wires and brackets, but they're not. They're just doing fewer adults, and they mix down in that sense. So -- and then move over to Asia, I've always felt good about Asia is different by country. But the COVID overlay in Japan in particular, but also China. I thought the teen case volume was still reasonable. But it's still hard to pull a signal out of a lot of noise with the COVID shutdowns in all of those countries. So again, just like in John's question, Jeff, is I do feel great about our portfolio. I feel good about how we're positioning the product. I think the teen packs are a way to sell the way doctors want to commit in this area, I think we'll continue to get strong there. The future of those teen cases, there's no question it's digital. It's just how we approach it, the products we launch and convincing doctors more and more that teens will use these and showing them the results that we're seeing all over the world.
Joe Hogan: Yes, on sequential. On the volume-based purchasing in China, we have our eyes all over, Jeff, as you can guess. It represents anywhere between 15% and 18% of our business there. The way they're setting this up, pretty much in what we would call not our main areas in where we do business in China. I think we've positioned ourselves for this. strategically, I feel we can make the right move here. Look, I have friends and other medical device businesses. I was in the medical devices for a while. We know what this did to stents and hip transplants and different things. I feel like the way they set this up, one is 70% of it will be BBP in those areas, 30% will still be up to the doctors in the sense of what they want to use and how they want to use it. So what's key here is that we exercise our portfolio and the capacity that we have over there to just have a strategic positioning in that. So I don't expect any major differences as we move into 2023. We'll just have to wait to see how that goes. And as we move into 2024, 2025, how the government -- which way the government moves.
Joe Hogan: Elizabeth, it's Joe. We want to defend R&D. Very important part of the business. You can see the programs are rolling out. The programs we're rolling out, we didn't do them this year, right? Some of these are 3-year old programs that we've been working on. And so I don't want to stop the momentum on those. I mean obviously, we'll take any steps here to preserve the cash flow and integrity of this business that we have to do. But our front lines are our sales organization and technology. And before we go anywhere near those, we want to make sure we do everything we can, the right size of business in other areas.
Joe Hogan: Kind of anticipating that question is, we're not seeing any major change, I'd say, from the momentum that we saw in the second quarter. .
Joe Hogan: The teen market predominantly, if we look at the third quarter. Obviously, a bleed some into the fourth quarter, whatever, but I wouldn't take anything we're seeing right now and projected into the future to change what the normal fourth quarter sequence could be. So like I said previously on the question as far as when you look at third quarter moving in the fourth quarter, we're not seeing any meaningful change one way or another.
Joe Hogan: And the other part of your question, Nick, about how do we help accounts. We watch payments. We try to help in that sense at times. We try to drive direct Invisalign docs to do a lot of Invisalign. And obviously, our advertising is extremely important to them. So we have our whole lead program to help them drive those things. We just want to be as close to our customers as possible because they're feeling what we feel. And we have strong relationships with many of them, and they're part of the family here. And we work it country by country, doctor by doctor, region by region to see how we can help. .
Joe Hogan: Kevin, it's Joe. Look, I think we can sit here and tell you, I think we're in pretty volatile economic times. I can't tell you what the dollar is going to be in 3 months. I don't know what's going to happen in Europe. I don't know how bad COVID hits China. I don't know what it does in Japan. So I know exactly what you're asking for and every investor is asking for. And we'd give you that data if we thought we had it, but we are in such a volatile time right now. We're just working this thing from month to month. As I mentioned, as we go into the fourth quarter, obviously, there's a rhythm between teens and adults from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. What I mentioned from a continuation standpoint is we haven't seen much of a change between the third and the fourth right now as we move into it. That's about as well as I can tell you of what we're seeing and what we're experiencing, trying to forecast what's going to happen toward the end of the quarter, next quarter, I can't do that. I don't think anybody here can.
Joe Hogan: It's a growth business, Kevin. If we had good economic times here, I can tell you, we'd be having a much different conversation. So the challenge with this business is how are we responsible on cost and obviously, a challenged demand environment [indiscernible] this company very strong because when this market comes back, you just go back in history and take a look, it comes back and it comes back hard. And we've got to make sure that we're in a good position to be able to field that when it does occur. So you'll see us be, what I call, fiscally responsible, but we'll continue to make sure that we invest and make as many changes as we can around different areas of OpEx, but to protect those key areas where our customer interface and the development of our technology. And actually, the operations capacity we need in this business when this thing does bring back. And that's not just in manufacturing aligners. That's in being able to service customers across the board. So you'll see us balance that well as we should do from a leadership standpoint.
John Morici: So on a constant currency basis, we expect to be at that 20% or above. It's just like Joe said, it's pretty dramatic to see the FX changes that we have. As noted in the comments, we said it going to affect the year by 2 to 3 points. So there's no -- there's a commitment to that margin, and we're investing based on volume that we see and other priorities that we have on R&D and go-to-market activities and so on. But it's just that FX piece that we're calling out. But on a constant currency basis, we feel that that number of 20% still holds from earlier.
John Morici: And it's about market expansion there. We're selling to more doctors than we've sold to in the past with these products. So we're really trying to capture more of that market, as Joe said, into Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, and we saw good uptake from that. And it's something that we know to go to the market and be able to reach these potential customers. These are the types of products that we need. .
John Morici: Yes, I think you've hit the major pieces, John. When you look at it majority was FX. We saw the dollar strengthening, that obviously hits our numbers. And then you look at the other parts, we do have a higher proportion of teen in the third quarter, and that's a help. We also have things that we've done like we answered on the previous call about mix in China and expansion out, and there's offsets to that. But it's primarily FX and then you have some mix. But from a discounting standpoint, or other things, there was really no overall change to how we've done stuff. It's primarily the FX piece and the mix.
John Morici: We have good insight into our P&Ls across the world. So we're looking at country by country in certain regions and so on. And like Joe said, from an overall focus, we want to make sure that we're going to market and protecting the sales, make sure our R&D technology is putting out the best products and the best technology going forward. . So we protect that. And then we look at what expenses make sense in the short and long term in various regions, various campaigns that we have to make sure that we're getting the return that's appropriate given the market conditions. So we're constantly iterating and changing things. it's no different on the other side of things. When a year ago, we were looking at the growth opportunities. We're looking at it the same type of way kind of on a country-by-country, market-by-market basis is just the other way as it is now. So we feel like we have a good understanding of our return on investment and a good understanding of the levers that we need to pull or not pull given these conditions.
John Morici: Yes. I think we're kind of getting to -- we kind of get to a point where some of that is due to just the fact that you have a third manufacturing site, and you're going to have raw materials related to that and other in-process inventory and so on there. So you're going to have some of that. Some of it is also on the iTero side where you're manufacturing and you're doing some things where you're securing supply. I mean there's been a lot of talk and we feel good about our supply to be able to components and so on. We've purchased several components just to make sure that we had adequate supply for our forecast and so on. But nothing out of the ordinary other than some expansion that we have with new manufacturing and then making sure that we secured our supply lines, and that's what we've seen in our numbers. .
John Morici: Well, on the doctor shipped to, what we've done is consolidate them together to a total. And what we saw, if you looked at international versus domestic, they're both up. And the numbers that we had. This is actually our second highest ever from a shipped to standpoint. But we decided to consolidate those together without giving too much more details on that. But they're both up.
John Morici: Yes, I can start with that. It's obviously a strategy that we have. We've got great equipment, great products, and we want to be able to get those to our customers in a way that they want to buy. Sometimes those doctors of ours don't necessarily want to purchase it outright. They want to try other things. And so we've tested in certain markets, just alternatives, kind of the rental model and so on. And we see good uptake. We see them these doctors now wanting to get a scanner to be able to digitize their practice. So it's really at early stage right now, Elizabeth, but it is something that when we think about how we want to go to market, we want to offer alternatives such as leasing or expanding rental or other parts of our business are going to see the certified preowned where you have upgrades and other things that happen as we have a larger and larger installed base, we're going to get some of that equipment back. We want to be able to have a mechanism to be able to use that equipment, use it in other places, and give our customers alternatives, both in terms of the equipment that they can purchase from us and then how they purchase and use that equipment from a financing or maybe leasing or rental options. And we think that they'll end up using our equipment more and more. And then we know that helps from a digital standpoint when they use their equipment and then they'll end up using more Invisalign. So it all kind of works from an ecosystem standpoint.
John Morici: Yes. Obviously, Erin, this is John. Obviously, gross margin, op margins is a primary concern for us. We want to make sure that we're managing things appropriately. From an ASP standpoint, take FX out of this and really FX out of our margin because it's hard to so much coming through from a P&L standpoint. But we're always looking at productivity to be able to help drive the business. And as we scale up Poland is a great example, we'll become more productive there, and that will help our margin. It's kind of in our margins right now as an impact, but it will get better over time through utilization. . We look at the technology that we have in the business and what it means from an ASP standpoint. And our customers understand that. There's always going to be geographical mix shifts that happen. Certain parts of the world are at different times throughout the year. But I don't expect a dramatic shift in our overall ASPs. Take FX out of it from an overall ASP standpoint and then we're really focused on what can we do to look at savings that help us from a gross margin standpoint and see that. And then also on an op margin standpoint for all the OpEx things that we previously talked about.
John Morici: I wouldn't take that. I think when we're talking about for the full year, we're kind of looking at kind of that on a constant currency basis, that 20%. And I think you have impacts with Poland startup and some other things in the quarter that are impacting that. But when we look at the 20% and what we were calling earlier in the year, we were thinking about that less about the quarters, but on a -- more on a total year basis on a constant currency basis.
John Morici: That's the way to look at it, Nate. It's -- we're kind of looking at -- as best as we can call it now, we're kind of using the latest FX rates that you have now. It's up to predict what's going to happen in the next 2 months. But if you took kind of currently and kind of what we've done throughout the year and then use the current FX rates, we think that's a 2- to 3-point impact. And without that FX rates, we -- our GAAP numbers would have been at the 20%, like we called.
John Morici: No, I think you're always going to have a mix of -- some patients, they'll pay for it all upfront. Some will finance either through the doctor or some outside group. And I think you're constantly going to have that. We do think as much as we can with our doctors to give them some of the financial flexibility, so that as they maybe have additional terms where they pay us, the doctors, they can maybe apply some of that to their patients, and they can help their patients as well, manage some of the cash flow. So we're aware of it. We do as much as we can. It's just kind of out there. And like Joe said, we don't have a quantification of it, but in tougher economic times, we know that patients will be looking for different alternatives.
