David White: Yeah, Rob, David. So, I'll give you a couple of pieces. Let me kind of start with the scanners since that's where you started from. We announced the iTero Element scanner back in March of last year and really only began shipping that product back in September. And during that interim period, we were actively promoting the product and selling it and generating interest at all kinds of conferences and so forth and taking orders for the product at that point in time. And so since September to December, which we just began shipping that product, we have accumulated some backlog, and we've shipped what we had supply capabilities of. And we were starting the year with a very healthy demand profile for the product that is really driving the comment I made about we are expecting that revenue to double year-over-year. We wouldn't expect it to double in 2017, although we'd love to have that high quality problem. But that's kind of how we are looking at 2016 as it relates to the scanner business. When you look at the Clear Aligner business, the only color I'll give you as it relates to volumes and so forth is that you can see by the slides and our commentary and so forth, our international business is growing at a faster rate than what North America is, notwithstanding the fact that we got a great rebound in North America. Our EMEA business is growing in 2015, grew roughly at the same rate as APAC did, although a few points behind but pretty close. And we expect to continue to see strong growth in each of those international regions as we continue to make investments in expanding our territory coverage. And as Joe mentioned in his comments, actually entering into some new geographies. When you look at North America, like I said, we had a great rebound. We're expecting that to continue. We have continued to add territory coverage here in the U.S. And we have seen the results, I think, of some of that manifest in not only volumes, but higher utilization rates in both channels in North America. So, when you net all that together, we're seeing 2016 from a revenue standpoint being somewhere, as I indicated, the growth being in the mid to low 20s%. And I don't know if that gives you enough color there or not.
David White: So flat on the operating margins and your question in that regard. If you look, again, back to what Joe just iterated, if you pull out FX, you pull out Clear Aligner and you pull out the portion of ERP that we would not expect to be recurring on a long-term basis, we're in the range of our long-term model. When we gave guidance for 2015 you will recall a year ago, we were facing a lot of FX headwinds at that point in time and we articulated that our strategy was that we would grow our way out of the FX challenge. And I think if you look at our results this last year, we largely succeeded in reclaiming a lot of that headwind. Now, since then, the dollars continued to strengthen, so we are still chasing a little bit of it. So, it's not quite -- we're not anticipating this to be as big of an impact in 2016 as what it was in 2015. But if I neutralize for that, we're inside the long-term model and it is a modest improvement, as you articulated, over 2015 when you look at it apples-to-apples. On the tax rate question you had, one of the -- our guidance for Q1 was 25% or you saw that our rate last year was 22 point something I think was the effective rate. Part of one of the things that's driving it -- in fact, probably the largest thing that is actually driving that is the growth of our Scanner business. And those sales are largely being made here in the United States where they are taxed at the -- our U.S. federal and state tax rates. And that is driving some pressure on the tax rate as it currently stands. So my best guidance for you at this point would be somewhere in that ballpark. I haven't got a better number than that.
David White: Yeah, Rich. This is David. We announced back in June or July -- I can't remember a specific date on it, a single arch option for both our Express 5 and i7 product, which is our lightest stage internationally and domestically as well as the E10 and light product, which is the 10 stage and 14 stage, respectively -- respective products. And those products have -- and part of the objective of that was to satisfy a need that doctors had in treating people who only had one arch to be treated. Historically, when doctors needed to use an Invisalign product to treat a single arch, they had to pay for the price of both. So, we bundled a -- we debundled that and gave them basically the option to divide a single arch. And we've seen -- if you look at the growth of that product or that class of products in the fourth quarter relative to the rest of our business, they are going at roughly a 50% faster rate than our full cases. And we don't think that rate will necessarily continue, but that in and of itself drove some shift in our overall ASP mix to those lower side products and put some pressure on ASPs as a result. Now, two things about that. One is, when we look at the data from -- the demand from that, we certainly know how many single -- we certainly know how many dual cases we were selling previously where the doctor only wanted to treat one arch. And we can look at how the adoption of that single arch product has accelerated doctors actually using the Invisalign product relative to what they were doing previously. And so we believe we've gotten a lot of incremental volume at the low end for that and so incremental income on the margin from that at the same time.
David White: So to your point on Q1 ASPs and so forth, when you look at -- as our business grows, there's a number of things that impact the ASPs, as I talked about previously, any product mix shift from full cases to light cases. Any shift from doctors that are high volume doctors to doctors that are less volume-driven doctors can have an impact on it because of our Advantage program, which incentivized doctors to go deep into their practices. And so when we look at those influences going over into 2016, we do have a little bit of ASP pressure on Q1, not very much. Consistent with what we saw in Q4, which was I think $5 I mentioned in my script. And over the course of the year, we would -- as our utilization rates go up, we would expect to see that doctor engagement create some ASP pressure as well. But generally speaking, we would look at ASPs over the course of the year for other factors that we're working on that I won't go into the details on would offset some of those impacts. And so right now, I think we would continue to say holding FX aside and Additional Aligner policy aside and so forth, I think we would say that our ASPs would still be in the flattish type of directional indication.
David White: Yeah. The vast majority of that $12 million we would expect to go away in 2017. We will be -- we do have built into 2016 a portion of operating costs associated with the new platform and so forth. So, you won't get all the benefit of the $12 million, but you get the vast majority of it. In terms of benefits, there's a number of them, and I think the ones that we're probably most excited about from a business standpoint have to do with our ability to offer products and services to our customers today -- tomorrow that are very difficult for us to offer to them today because of some system limitations. And so we have a number of ideas that we have not announced at this point that we're actually working on that we hope to be able to launch not far after the date we go live on our new ERP system. And so we think our doctors are going to appreciate some of those changes. We think it will drive improvements in their customer experience. We think it will allow us to get our business more closely aligned with their business model at the same time so that we practice our relationship with them more closely approximates the type of relationship they have with their patients. And I won't go into more details than that, but we think that the customer experience will be greatly enhanced. And then the other thing is from an internal standpoint, when we launch new programs here in the company, there is a significant amount of heavy lifting that has to be done even to announce and launch a new promotion. And when you consider that we have got a number of systems that all have to be updated, they have got to be tested before we can go live on them, et cetera, we believe that having one consistent platform for the company is going to improve our agility as a company, will allow us to be much more responsive to opportunities that we see in the marketplace, as well as our time to launch new initiatives and so forth.
David White: When you say headwinds in 2016 for FX, right now we are accounting zero because we gave our guidance for the year based at today's current rates. And I don't know what their euro is at right now, but $1.08, $1.09, something like that and all the other currencies roughly at those rates. On the CapEx side, I think our guidance for the quarter was -- is in the press release, like $20 million, $25 million. And I think for the year, it's somewhere going to be in about the $60 million range. Most of that will be spent on manufacturing capacity additions.
David White: So, to your first part of that question, it is a -- I think for any company a change of an ERP system is a significant undertaking. We have a lot of people engaged in doing this. A lot of energy and momentum behind it. So, I wouldn't say it has been easy, but we're making great progress. And when we announced the program a year ago in the same call at the end of Q4 of 2014, we expect it to be going live somewhere around midyear 2016, and we are still on that plan.
Joe Hogan: Rob, I think it's still the right profile. If you take our end of the year operating profit, you add for Additional Aligners and you add for FX, we're right at the bottom part of that range right now. So, I mean I don't see any reason to change it at all.
Joe Hogan: Jon, I'd just say the growth is deep and wide in a broad sense. And so, if you look at our utilization levels across the Board, you see them going up even in GP and ortho, substantially. Secondly, from a breadth standpoint, where you look internationally, the growth from an international standpoint, it is in new markets, but also there is some depth in new markets, too, like we're seeing in Spain and with TFM and things we have talked to you about before. I think there is also -- there is an adoption profile for plastic aligners versus metals and brackets that's starting to be accepted on a wider sense, and there is a lot more confidence out there in the sense of the use for it. I mean we see that in our discussions with orthodontists and doctors around the world, too and people that have been with us for 11 years and people that have been with us for three or four. If I go off and I talk about the investment aspects, I mean, this is -- it's a high-growth business. It requires continuing investments in order to do that. I think a lot of what you have seen, Jon, we're doing this from a non-dilutive standpoint if you take out an additional aligner policy and you pull away some of the ERP. But these are investments. You take a look at the ERP, we need that. I can't tell you how much this business needs an ERP platform in order to grow in the future. We basically juggle this business on Excel spreadsheets in a way that's just not a good long-term way to conduct this business. There's so many things we do that are a lot of arms and legs around here that we should be used for really interpreting information rather than generating it at times. And I could go on and on about that. Secondly, to go into Korea, to go into Taiwan, to move into India, those aren't just salespeople. There is certain infrastructure, certain compliance, certain things that you just need to invest in to ensure that you adequately go into those markets and we will continue to do that. But hopefully, Jon, and you know us well, you see that we're doing that in a sense of not telling you to hang on for three years. We're getting good returns on those investments. And what David and I are projecting right now, we'll see the same thing in 2016.
Joe Hogan: It would be, Steve. Given that we're just starting to ramp the product and so forth, we still have a learning curve that we're going down. We're still or were still experiencing a yield ramp on the product. So, we're expecting it to be reasonably better in 2016 than in 2015.
Joe Hogan: Yeah. We'll have some announcements on product launches and some things that we think will be pretty exciting for the industry. In that sense, I can't necessarily talk about that now. We're still moving through different clinicals and things that exist out there. But I think from a broader standpoint too Steve -- not think I know, we continue to focus a huge amount on engineering. We see so many additional malocclusions that we can address through our technology. We'll continue to invest that way going forward so we can capture a larger and larger percentage of the market. But we'll have some exciting announcements in 2016.
Joe Hogan: John, my comment would be that it seems to be stable. I think we saw an uptick in the market in 2015, and you go through the statistics and you can see it. Fortunately, we just traveled around the world for sales kickoff meetings from North America, Pacific and also Europe. In each one of those cases, we talk about a market that's pretty much stable from year-to-year, in that sense. I wouldn't count on a big market uplift. So what we're basically expressing here in our 2016 forecast is continued penetration in those markets. 
Joe Hogan: China is really interesting in this sense. We saw we doubled our growth last year. We spent a lot of focus in resources on China. The quick answer to your question is that we feel good about China growth next year. We -- just a week ago, we were together with that team. That team is very excited about it as we move into 2016. They are not feeling a lot of what we see and get concerned with from a Western standpoint with what's going on with the Chinese GDP figures and also some of the industrial investment that is going on there. Look, John, I'm long enough in business to always be on my toes in this sense, that something might change, but from what we see right now and what we hear from our sales team from a customer base is we're looking for China demand volume to be equivalent to what we saw in 2015 in the sense of continued growth.
Joe Hogan: It's pretty much all through iTero. We're seeing a little bit right now, but we're just on the beginning edge of the qualifications of those. So specifically Serono. You know that is done. There's a qualification aspect that they are going through with their customers to make that work, but there is nothing that I would say is material and meaningful yet.
Joe Hogan: Our top focus right now is APAC. That's where we have the most diversity in the sense of a customer base and I think the most lag time lag just from a distance standpoint and with our current operations. We move over order acquisition, which is basically when someone takes an impression, we do a CT scan and then lower it to a digital file. We move that over, getting it close to the customer who will allow us to improve that part. And then we move treatment planning treatment, which I think is the biggest customer satisfier that we can move with quickly. And we will move that over to different parts of Asia as we go through 2016 and we'll begin probably with EMEA also to begin the foundation of that. Our resources are somewhat limited at times. So, we have to get started in APAC and we will figure out how much residual capacity we have from movement over to Europe on the treatment piece. But we'll move forward with both of those.
Joe Hogan: It's a good question, Chris. I mean I'll just stand on North America for a second. We saw good results this year and even though they are good results, it's still 75% of the marketplace and we're not even near the penetration rate that I feel our product deserves in the sense of that particular demographic. Taking what we have learned from a promotional standpoint a clinical confidence standpoint with customers are moving it overseas. There are parts overseas where we do see better teen engagement, in different parts of APAC and some parts of Europe. But to tell you that there's a magic formula for North America that's transportable to these other markets, it's not. It's very similar to what I had in GD [ph] Healthcare too. When you start to move into these markets, they all have their different idiosyncrasies, so we're going to have to look at each one of the large ones and make sure that we bring our teen product forward in the sense that our customer base is comfortable with it and we're right kind of clinical information that supports that. So, we known in North America we can do that, we’re confident we'll do it around the world and we can make those kind of progress we saw in North America this year. But there's going to be a lot of work year-in and year out both from a clinical standpoint and also from a sales standpoint and a channel standpoint in order to continue to penetrate that base.
Joe Hogan: Chris, I'd say, starting in Europe, it has gone really well with the TFM process that we use, which is, I think you know, is it's our focused touch point strategy that we have with customers to bring them up the learning curve as quickly as possible. I digress one minute, if you think about what are we doing here in this business, we're taking customers from an analog process to a digital process. And, frankly, it's not easy. I mean, if you take a E5 or E10 case, it might be easy, but as you go up the scale and you start doing different kinds of malocclusions, it gets pretty complicated. And we have to be able to work through -- get customers up that learning curve as quickly as possible in that clinical piece. But also the business piece, too, because cash flow and different things that they associate with their analog business changes pretty dramatically as you move into a digitized business, also. So, from a clinic -- back to the major point that you're making from a clinical piece is doctors want that confidence that they start a case that they can be confident they're going to finish it. They are not embarrassed in front of their customer. They have to call them back in a lot of times. And TFM and those kinds of processes we are putting in place. And frankly, some other things that we're working on inside the company we think are going to be able to improve that clinical competence piece as we go forward.
Joe Hogan: Hey, Jeff, I have been doing business in China and India for 15, 20 years and I think they are always in jeopardy of comparing those two markets and trying to make them similar. They are just night and day. I think India has a good opportunity for us. You can see we're going into Tier 1 kind of cities that we will start in. There is a good number of orthodontic case starts that are similar to China, but the similarity really stops there. And so we expect good growth, but I don't expect a lot of what we're doing in China to be transferable to India in the sense from a commercial standpoint. And we're going to have to get into each one of those cities and learn and adapt properly as we move forward. But it is a focus for us. We're going to have to be successful there. But we're going to take it -- we're going to start one step at a time, and 2016 will be a foundational year for us.
