Thomas Prescott: Let me break those into 2 pieces. First of all, we’re pretty excited with where our business is in general. We like our problems. The Invisalign business continues to evolve. I don’t know that there’s an inflection point there, but we continue to make progress. And I think you’ve seen if we get the product evolution right, and provide the right support, and can create demand for these doctors, they’ll take advantage of that. So over time, we’d expect to see continued adoption. It looks differently among orthos and GPs, but we’d expect to see that continue and then play out differently around the world. On the Cadent side, certainly this is our first year of owning this business. As Ken said, we have not been through the full cycle. Again, it was a young company without a lot of resources, and we had to move quickly to build a sales force in North America and we believe we’re getting really good traction there, again, leveraging a bigger Invisalign base. We’re getting great traction in North America. That in itself hasn’t been enough to offset softness in Europe, and it’s too soon for us to tell whether that’s secular and wide in dentistry and the economy in general. But we are committed with our partner Straumann to restage that growth, and I guess that’s where I’d leave it. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, let me -- this is Tom here, John. The businesses are really in 2 very different places. With our partner, literally, Cadent was just getting going with the relationship, with a very new technology and kind of getting early adopters going. With Invisalign, we’ve been at it for the better part of 10 years in Europe, and in the last several years have made substantial progress in gaining adoption support, et cetera. So I think you can take a snapshot, and these are technologies and products -- Invisalign’s maybe in the second inning, third inning, and our scanner business is literally kind of -- they’re just still warming up. If I come back to what’s going on there, difficult for us at this point to sort out the large secular trends in dentistry, given the very kind of early penetration of scanner technology, from general economy, to capital equipment purchasing. There are some signs that dentists and specialists are being conservative about capital spending and a variety of other things. And so we choose to believe that once we get ourselves organized properly and with the right product programs and support, we can even drive into a difficult economy. And we certainly see that with Invisalign. But again, we haven’t even had the scanner business for a full business cycle yet, and so again, I’m going to lean back on what some of the larger dental companies are reporting around what’s going on in Europe. For the Invisalign case, we’re pushing through that, although we’ve adjusted our game. We’re even back to improving in the U.K. again. Several years ago, when Germany was down, we invested in coverage and approach, and so we’ve restaged growth in countries like Germany and France, even in this environment. So that may be a very long answer to your short question. We believe it’s possible to get that going again. But I don’t know that I’d say we have complete closure on all the issues behind restaging growth on the scanner side. But we’re working on it. 
Thomas Prescott: Short answer is no. There’s a lot of people working on scanners. There’s very few releases and launches. There’s not volume being lost to other people. This is just very early in the evolution of technology so there’s a lot of noise. I don’t sense that that’s the issue why people are not buying, or they’re buying more slowly. And again, capital equipment purchasing is very sensitive to that. But there’s no new competitors, no X factors, that have worked into that market lately. Anything that was going to be coming out on the market was discussed during IDS, going on a year ago. And most of those launches have not happened at scale yet. So again, I’d say it’s really more of a market dynamic than it is a competitive dynamic at this point. 
Thomas Prescott: Brandon, if I could bolt onto that a little bit, if we chose to, because we thought that was the best way to deliver economic value to our shareholders, we could have operated this in a more traditional standalone basis. And we could have exactly done what we originally described. When we really got into detail on the integration planning, we saw enormous opportunities for better leveraging the business to drive medium- to long-term growth much higher, to drive medium- to long-term margins higher on products in the services stream, and to take advantage of what’s a pretty rapidly evolving, we’ll call it, kind of new digital restorative -- I hate to use the word, but I’ll use it, “ecosystem.” And so we moved very quickly to fully integrate this business in and actually to accelerate some spending. And a really good example here is we aren’t just moving the New Jersey facility to Juarez for cost reduction. In fact, the principal initial driver was we felt we could really scale that business. But to scale it in New Jersey, to add a lot of new capital, potentially have to move it, and to do so at a quality and a level of kind of digital control that we wanted, that we had in Juarez or Costa Rica, we made the choice to invest in accelerating that program, which initially we hadn’t planned on doing for maybe years or more. So that’s an example of where we can scale better, deliver better quality to customers, enable some fully -- new kinds of products, and get $1 million a quarter or better gross margin improvement out of the business once completed. So that puts a little more pressure in the near term but as we look even a midterm outlook for this business, we believe: a, we can drive better gross margins on the product and services mix, and over the long term, substantially better; and then b, we can support scalability dramatically better. So that investment is playing out all across from sales and marketing side, touching customers, all the way through the technology and the IT infrastructure to the manufacturing base. And we’re just working very hard to completely integrate that into we do here. So those were choices we made once we got in and really understood the business in a more detailed way and elected to make those investments. So it is a little bit of more near-term pain, but we believe the paybacks on those are outstanding. And I think in general if you look at our track record for Invisalign and the choices we’ve made around optimizing manufacturing management and flow, in general, we’ve shown we know how to do that well. 
Thomas Prescott: The first question is, we don’t see the whole market so we’re not the best arbiter, but with that said, we think the numbers we generally describe in terms of market size are reasonably accurate and we think what we’ve seen lately from a variety of sources implies kind of 3% to 4% total growth, at least in the segments that matter for us. So I think with the numbers we’ve used before for market size, you could add those and then take our numbers. It implies we’re gaining share pretty quickly, and it probably understates kind of the category expansion we’re delivering. But I think if you go look at teen, for example, we’re still a very small, low single digits, in terms of total penetration into teens. We’ve got a lot of head room there, and if you get into Europe and places like that it’s an order of magnitude less. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, I guess that’s why things aren’t working so well, huh? Actually, I’m only involved, other than my normal mode -- we look at marketing as everybody in the company is involved. We all own the customer, we all own evolution of the product, and we all own execution of the game plan, which includes marketing and other things. So at some level, absolutely nothing’s changed. At another level, I actually -- my level of involvement was to place Tim Mack in charge in December, a very, very experienced technology guy and GM and long-term dental expert, restorative dentistry and elsewhere. And he’s doing a terrific job for us while we have a search going on for part of the role. The second part of the role, we have a very, very good consumer team that is doing a terrific job and I’m just trying to ask enough questions and stay out of their way. And so that’s my level of involvement. 
Thomas Prescott: Well, first of all, we are -- the first thing is we’re going both ends, and our goal was to be kind of better complete coverage from end to end, so to speak. All of our efforts over the last 5 years, roughly, in terms of science and technology and evolving the product have been targeted at getting at those complex cases. Our goal is, someday, why would anyone want to have braces if we can do everything braces could do, better? And that’s the goal. That’s still our goal. At the same time, we’ve seen a number of customers ask us, there’s still patients out there that -- gee, for what Invisalign Express 10, at the time, cost, and for what they have to charge, there’s still some simple relapse cases. And more and more, where we see the growth coming from is, to a lesser extent, the OEM companies like ourselves, the Danahers or others, with a low-end product like Simpli5 or whatever. To a greater extent, it’s the hundreds and hundreds of dental labs that are making kind of in the hundred dollars an aligner or something, these 5 or 6 stages of trays. And then when patients wear them, they report they aren’t as satisfied with them. The doctors don’t know quite when they’re going to be finished, and they have to talk to the patient about what will I be able to get you to? What level of correction, and can I treat that chief complaint, that gap or that little bit of crowding. So we figured why not get after this, as we now have all the initiatives in hand with getting after more complex cases, why not bring this same leverage down at the low end, where our value proposition can be better for a very cost-effective approach. And the feedback we’ve gotten since releasing it has been very, very positive. So that’s why to do it. It’s just to be a much more complete competitor across the line of clear aligners. 
Thomas Prescott: Sure. The 2 qualifiers I’d put around this is number one, this is mostly orthodontists, because we’re just now getting a bit of a read given iTero interoperability just started. So I’ll remind you that it was just orthodontists. Started back middle of May, when we released interoperability on the IOC scanner. Secondly, in general, the orthodontists that ran out and bought scanners were, in general, higher volume. Not maybe off the top of that map, but higher volume than our median orthos. So the short answer inside that is they have, in general, after you adjust for other factors -- market growth, G3, everything else that’s happening, they have grown utilization faster, up to 10%, than the other doctors. So they report, after minimal startup, patients a lot happier, staff happier, fewer reimpressions, bringing the patient back in for rejected impressions, aligner fits better, et cetera, et cetera, on virtually every measure. Significant enough that it really matters to us, and it really matters to the patient. So that’s kind of a virtuous cycle. It’s reinforced, and we’ve had some of those orthodontists that have maybe several offices go out and buy one for each office, and just commit themselves to going completely digital. So as I said, over the last year or so, our percentage of fully digital incoming submissions, other than PVS, has gone up nicely to where now it’s about 80%. And then secondly, this is growing very nicely, the all-digital for us now. Of that 80%, a full 6% and climbing nicely are completely digital, no PVS impression. And that has lots of benefits for everybody -- for us, for the doctor. And an example, 2 extremes. We have a doctor that puts a case in on Monday and they’re getting liners shipped out in the States by Thursday or Friday without hustling or expediting a case. In Europe, where it might have been 4 weeks for a full cycle, they’re getting aligners back within a couple of weeks. And they’re getting immediate feedback within 1 or 2 days of seeing their clin check. So a lot of positive effects for everybody and the most important thing, it appears the liners fit, and therefore we think ultimately performance will even be better. 
Thomas Prescott: You always make choices around products with a full context of what do customers want, and what’s growing in the market, and what’s your competitive set doing? So I guess at some level the answer is sure. This was not a tactical response. We’ve been working on this for 1.5 years, and then doing some testing about the best way to do it. Frankly, with the evolutions in G3 and G4, our view is with our 5-stage product, you’re going to be able to do more with that product, more predictably, than anybody else in the world. So if you can get a 5-stage product from anybody, why wouldn’t you get it from us as long as the price was right? And we did a little testing with some different price points and felt that $549 for a 5-stage product with potential refinement and a guarantee on getting to that final position was a pretty compelling offer. So this was motivated more by ensuring we could be the toughest competitor across the range of aligner-based treatments. And then certainly we’re still running around in a world of much bigger multinational companies as competitors and they’ve got divisions who would love to compete more aggressively with us. So we’re always mindful of that, and we always kind of stay humble and hungry, and make sure we can move faster than them. 
Thomas Prescott: Ken’s already given some guidance. I’ll let that stand. He can comment. I’ll just talk in general about the business. We concluded this acquisition at the very end of April, and from May on, have been working very hard on making choices about the best way to drive value for our customers and our shareholders. And we’re still right in the middle of that. There’s a lot of moving parts still going on. As Ken said, we just got our sales force built out by the end of Q4, and even with that, Q4 was very strong. It was very strong in North America, and we expect that trend to continue. We’re kind of calling it as we see it, and I think we’ve tried to be very, very clear that we can’t -- at this point, at least, sort out the absolute drivers to softness in Europe. We’re going to be able to. We can’t yet today. And we’re working very hard with our partner to restage that growth. The second thing is we’re pretty darn comfortable that we’re on the right track in North America. And with the sales force together, with a lot of integration of customers and opportunities for leverage in our Invisalign business and those other docs, we’re just getting started in the GP side really. And so I think there’s the good news story. The bad news story is Europe is softer. We’re going to figure that out and get after it. But it’s no more complicated than that. Capital has a little longer fuse, so we’ve got reasonable visibility into activity, and that’s what’s going on. Ken, I don’t know if you want to pile on, but… 
Kenneth Arola: Sure, Matt. I guess I’ll start with gross margin, which is the comment I made on the call here, which is that we think we’re going to continue to run at the lower end of the range, maybe slightly below. And that’s going to certainly be dependent on Invisalign volumes as we go over the quarters here. But once we complete that transition, we should start seeing margins move up on the scanner side of the business in particular. And then also as we continue to fill out the new factory with volume as we move through 2013, we’ll see that start to improve as well. On the operating expense side of the business, what we see with relation to the comment on employee compensation and benefits-related programs, each year in the quarter 1 timeframe we go through annual review cycles, salary adjustments, and those types of things, and benefits programs people get signed up for in the quarter 4 timeframe, about halfway through the quarter. And that starts taking effect in the New Year as well. So those are a bit of a step up in spending on a year-over-year basis. And then in the consumer marketing area, we were off quite a bit in quarter 4 with the holiday season, off air. And when you come into quarter 1 here, we’re actually stepping up our advertising. We typically do in quarter 1 off of quarter 4. And I guess the other comment I’d make on media spending is this past year we stepped it up in quarter 2 and quarter 3 with the teen season. And I would expect this year we’d do something very similar to that, probably the only difference being working around the Olympics a bit. We’ll probably be a little heavier on spending in quarter 2 in relation to some of the media, and maybe more so than we had in the past. But we’ll be looking at that to drive teenage case starts as we move through the summer months. 
Kenneth Arola: If you step back from it all, and you look at the top line growth on Invisalign on a quarterly basis here, and you look at where FX rates were a year ago even, or you look at where they were last quarter to this quarter, and what we see now coming in -- last quarter to this quarter being Q3 to Q4, and where they are coming into Q1, there certainly is an impact on top line, which is having some impacts on gross margin. Now as far as -- yes, we think we’ll get some leverage in our spending. As Tom mentioned, we’re more efficient and effective in our advertising and lead generation. We’ll be feathering in a few headcount in the North America sales team on a smallish basis, to look at supporting the continued growth. But I believe, as we move through the year, and you see top line continuing to grow, we’ll start seeing the leverage again in the operating expense line. 
Kenneth Arola: Yes, Brandon. This is Ken. I’ll start it and maybe Tom can add to it, but -- so from a financial point of view, and you look at the business and where we are right now, as we said, we’re going to have to restage some of the growth in Europe here with our business partner, and that will probably take a little bit of time here. But overall, we’ve been investing pretty heavily in the Cadent business in the near-term here, to bring sales people on board and various marketing programs, and get the business moving. We’ve had investments in relation to having interoperability with the IOC and iTero scanners and, as Tom mentioned, moving toward applications in chair-side. So we’re investing on the R&D side of the business. We think, as we continue to restage that growth, we’ll start moving toward a level of profitability that’s greater than what it is today. With that, I will say we did not track, inside the company specifically, operating margins for the scanner side of the business, though from a functional basis, all the organization’s marketing, R&D, sales, et cetera, is fully integrated into the Invisalign business, which is why on a go-forward basis we’ll be tracking gross margins and reporting them out to you. But below that, because there’s a lot of cross-functional work that goes on across both sides of the business, we’re not going to be tracking that on a go-forward basis. So what I would say is that it’s probably going to take us a little bit longer to see the acquisition become accretive to us, but I think we’re making some great strides in the short term here over the last 6 months in getting things in place to do that. 
Kenneth Arola: Well, let me make a comment about -- start with the fourth quarter here. So coming into the quarter, in Q3, FX rates around the euro were averaging around $1.40, $1.42, and this past quarter they averaged around $1.35. So if you look at our international revenues and you do the calculation, you’ll come up with roughly about $1.5 million impact or so, $1.7 million impact on revenues on a quarter-over-quarter basis. In relation to our quarter 1 guidance, we have our view of where exchange rates are currently and where they’ve been over the past month or so, down as low as $1.27-ish, maybe even a little bit lower than that, and right now, bouncing around $1.31. So we think there’s going to be some quarterly impact on a quarter-over-quarter basis. I don’t want to put a finer point on that, but that’s kind of how we were viewing things, and we have our own view of where we think exchange rates are going to be and the flow of product for the quarter and the impacts. On a year-over-year basis, if you think about where exchange rates were in 2010, they were anywhere from $1.35 to $1.40-ish range, and they stayed there early this year in 2011 for the first couple quarters. And then over the last half of the year they’ve come down pretty dramatically. So it’s several million dollars of impact on the full year basis. 
Kenneth Arola: Sure, Jose. This is Ken. In relation to the Advantage program, the way it works is if a doctor does 12 or more cases a quarter, they start participating in the program as far as discounts are concerned, and the highest level of discount a doctor can get is up to $700 off their cases. So effectively, it brings their price on a full case from roughly $1500 down to roughly $800. And it tiers from there, so a doctor going from 12 cases, then 24 cases, and it moves up from there. So at 12 cases they get $500, 24 cases or more they get $600, and then 36 or more in a quarter they get $700 off. What we’ve been seeing here in the past several quarters, as we’ve been driving utilization here in the business with G3 and G4 and other advertising that we’ve been doing, et cetera, doctors feeling more confident in using products, we’ve seen doctors start to move up several quarters ago now in the tiers themselves, and more doctors attaining rebates, where in fact this past quarter it was a record number of doctors that attained rebates from us over the quarter 4 timeframe. Our anticipation as we continue to drive Invisalign volumes, more doctors will continue to participate in that Advantage program. Now with that said, it’s a very good program for us. The economics around that particular program are very favorable to Align Technology in relation to driving incremental volumes. So as I see rebates increasing, I look at that as a good thing, because we’re getting more doctors doing more cases on a year-over-year basis. 
Kenneth Arola: So from an FX point of view, as I said a few moments ago, and you looked at predominantly all of our business internationally being in core Europe, we get impacted on a quarter-over-quarter basis as those rates are moving around. And more recently, they’ve moved around pretty quickly here in the past quarter, so it had negative impact on our overall margins in the business. And as we move through the year, we have our views of where exchange rates are going to be as we’ve built our plans out, but as we move through the year, the operating margin expansion that I referred to is really going to come from driving top line revenues in the business, increasing Invisalign volumes, taking share of chair. And the North America scanner business is going very well for us, and we think that will continue to go well. We’ve only gotten the sales team on board for the scanner side of the business just recently, so we haven’t even really seen the leverage from the sales-team perspective. We’ve seen it through events and other trade show events that we’ve been at, as Tom was referring to on the call. And over the next year, as we get more traction with the sales team on the ground, I think we’ll start seeing some effects of that as we move through the second half of the year. It’s going to take them 1 or 2 quarters to really come up to speed, and as volumes increase, as we move through the year, we’ll start seeing that leverage in the business. 
Kenneth Arola: So again, the Advantage rebate program itself, there was a record number of doctors, but it’s not the entire base of doctors that participate in the program. And remember, from a utilization point of view, they have to be doing 12 cases or more a quarter to participate in the program. So once they start getting that volume, so it’s a smaller percentage of the doctors. As far as GPs and orthos, it’s across both channels where doctors are participating, and you can imagine on the ortho side of the business, with the utilization rate being a little higher, those doctors are earning probably a little more rebate. But we have a fair amount of GPs that are earning some very nice rebates as well. 
Kenneth Arola: That has to do with the fact that, again, more doctors are participating in the Advantage rebate program, attaining the minimums they need to, to get a rebate from us. A year ago, doctors were starting to make that move in quarter 4, but as we progressed through 2011, each quarter we’re seeing more and more doctors reach the levels to participate in the rebate program. And again, this quarter, quarter 4, was a record number of doctors that have achieved that rebate. So again, the number of doctors that achieve rebates, when you talk about doing business on a quarterly basis with 12,000 GPs and 4,000 or 5,000 orthos, again, that entire base is not receiving the rebate. A small percentage of those doctors overall are receiving the rebate. But as they’re moving up, it’s having a bit of an impact on ASPs on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Kenneth Arola: You know, Spencer, our posture on outlook has not changed. We try to call it as best we can see it. We understand the visibility as well as you do, what we see on the Invisalign side as far as the 30 days or so into a quarter. We’re getting a little more familiar on the scanner side of the business as we’ve gotten into it over the past few quarters. But our view of it is we try to put all the factors together, try to call it as we see it, and make our own assumptions on where we see exchange rates going and volumes in the business going. And as Tom just mentioned, the volume in the business in North America is going well for the scanner side of the business. We’re having a little bit of an issue we’re working on in Europe, as we referred to. And the way we look at the Invisalign business is no different than we’ve always looked at it. [Technical Difficulty] 
