Jeff Rudolph: Good morning, and welcome to Corteva's second quarter and first half 2021 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platforms will join the Q&A session. We’ve prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations for or statements about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. On our Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings press release and related schedules, along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement our prepared remarks for today's call. These items provide a reconciliation of differences between reported GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered a substitute for the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.
Jeff Rudolph: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Jeff Rudolph: We thank you for joining our call today and your interest in Corteva. And we hope you have a great day. Thanks again.
Jim Collins: Thanks, Dave, and that's a great summary. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to share a few final comments. Through our heads-down focused execution by an incredible global team, we've gotten through one of the toughest periods in the history of our industry. We emerged on the other side even better positioned to serve farmers and ensure the security of the global food supply and to deliver value for our shareholders. With our distinct competitive advantages, Corteva is positioned for long-term sustainable growth in a rapidly changing global agriculture marketplace. Now when I say sustainable, I refer to both Corteva's long-term growth and the way we will deliver it. As consumer preferences and environmental challenges change, farmers will need to adapt. And Corteva will be at the center of that relationship, deploying our knowledge, market presence and industry-leading capabilities to assure the sustainable future of global agriculture by helping growers deliver more while using fewer resources. Our knowledge of farmers' needs comes from the relationship that we have built over decades through our advantaged route to market, which helps drive our grower-focused innovation. Now this is clearly showing up in our new product sales quarter after quarter and will continue to be one of our top priorities moving forward. And importantly, we have a number of exciting products that continue to progress through our pipeline in both segments. So finally, our first half performance and updated guidance for the year clearly demonstrates that all of the elements of our strategy that we built are working. Our team is advancing our purpose, driving a culture focused on our customers, delivering on our commitments through focused execution, building momentum on long-term value creation, and most importantly, growing progress for all of our stakeholders for years to come. So with that, I'll turn it back to Jeff.
Jim Collins: Great. Joel, thanks for the question. And you're right. Our initial views on 2022 are, it's going to just be another great opportunity to continue to drive some really solid both top and bottom line growth. We think against what will be a really constructive market backdrop. The market could grow next year somewhere between 3% and 3.5%. And so we're carrying some fantastic momentum. And when you look at first half results, you look at the setup and the revised guide for the second half of the year, and we just believe we'll be carrying some really good momentum. That growth also, just to highlight, if you think about it, is very broad-based, right? We're leveraging a diverse footprint globally from a geographic perspective. But we're also leveraging a very diverse portfolio. And that's coming from the new product pipeline, but it's also coming from just great execution out there. So as we continue to not only drive productivity that will be constructive to margin expansion and also taking a really solid look at pricing going into 2022, I think when I step back, it's going to be very solid. And I believe it will be an opportunity for us to deliver above that market growth. That will be an opportunity for us to continue to deliver that margin expansion that you've seen. And then that entire framework then, Joel, if you step back from it, it really does align very nicely with those midterm target expectations that you and I have talked about before. So without going to a specific number, I believe we're well lined up here and that framework is right on track with those midterm expectations.
Jim Collins: Yes. Great. Vincent, thanks. Thanks for the question. As we've talked about this a number of times before, there are a bunch of variables that go into how we think about seed cost as we go into the season, obviously, into our pricing model. First is yield. How we do in seed production around our yield factor, the quality of what comes out of our seed production fields and how much discard that we have as we spread that cost over a fewer units. Growers lock in at the market quote that they lock in at on all of those seed production fields, and they have a 12-month window to do that. So that factor adjusts and change as we kind of go through all of that. So we're sitting here today with some assumptions around average commodity prices and yield and quality. So if I put all of our current assumptions today into our model, we would estimate that our Seed cost of goods in North America could increase in a range of somewhere between $175 million to $225 million. Now this can change. It's still early. We still got a seed crop that's maturing out there and it's based on our assumptions today. So we have -- we feel like we now have a pretty good estimate of what to expect the flow-through in cost of goods will be. So with that said, then as you've asked, pricing is obviously our biggest lever to really help manage and cover that increase in costs. And so I won't comment specifically on what our price cards are going to be. We're still finalizing those details. Our plans, as you suggested, are to release those cards later this summer, consistent with our normal timing approach there. But the way I think about it, rather than specifically talking about cards, I think about it overall in terms of earnings. And so at this point, I'd anticipate that by -- for 2022, that our Seed pricing approach, net of all of those cost of goods increases that I just mentioned, would be incremental to EBITDA for that market. So at the end of the day, Vincent, what you have to do is look at our track record, right? The track record that we've delivered in 2020, the track record you're seeing now through this year. And we're building momentum. So just pricing this year through the first half of 3% global seed shows you that we've got the team focused on that and we're going to continue to drive that momentum.
Jim Collins: Yes. And Vincent, I'd just add, when I kind of summarize that and I talk about pricing approach in Seed being earnings positive, I'm kind of all-inclusive there, corn and beans. So just -- it's kind of just the full package. So while we might pushed in some areas, we'll have some opportunities in others.
Jim Collins: Great, P.J. Thanks for the question. And you're right. You're really -- we're starting to see now that flow-through of royalty expense reduction. Through the first half of 2021, royalty expense decreased somewhere between $40 million and $50 million compared to last year. And I'll just point to a couple of messages there. First, this was broad-based. It's across our whole portfolio of corn and soybeans. And that's a really good step. It represents really good progress against that royalty reduction commitment that we've talked about before.  As you start to think about how that begins then to roll off over the decade, we've talked before about the effect of the Enlist roll-off. And that will really get you about half of that reduction towards that royalty neutrality that we've shared many times before. So by the middle of the decade -- and that's just directly tied to the ramp-up of the Enlist system as we back-down on Roundup Ready to expand and really start to drive not only the ramp of units of Enlist but also the ramp of the proprietary nature of those units as well.  The second half of this decade that we’ve talked about before where you really get that second tranche is really more related to royalty income that is offsetting a residual number of expenses that we're still going to continue to have. We'll still have a few traits that we'll be licensing in. So we offset that. And it takes a little while, right? When you license a trait to a third-party, it takes them a while to do their own breeding and integrates the trait into their germ plasm. Then it takes them a little while to begin ramping those units. And so those royalty incomes, they come in based on units sold, not units breed or units licensed. So it just takes a little while for that to spool up. And then that, that just becomes a continued long-term margin opportunity kind of through the remainder of the decade as we get through that ramp-up on the first phase of that as Enlist.
Jim Collins: Yes. I think you've hit those right. We've talked about price being an improvement. We've talked about our new product sales growth. I mean, if you look at -- we updated our new product revenue in 2021. We previously thought we had about $300 million of incremental year-over-year revenue from that pipeline. We updated that today, that it's going to look like more like $400 million in 2021. We'll keep carrying that momentum forward. And then I think you characterized it right. Market will be a supporter of growth going forward. We'd expect the overall market to be up 3% to 3.5%. And you mentioned acres, and we're watching that very, very closely. We would expect to see, especially Brazil, planted area could be up in that 4% to 5% range. The demand for Brazil beans and also corn is really strong. And growers have a lot of good resources today, a lot of good cash. They're investing in their operations, They're investing in their operations, especially in that Safrinha market where we're really strong from a technology perspective. So acres in Brazil will be one of those drivers. And then I think in the United States, we could see another modest increase in total, both U.S. corn and soybean acreage possible, going into '22. Now I'm not talking about 5 million or anything like that. It could be 1 million here or 1 million there, but I think the U.S. market for '22 is set up to also be pretty strong acre wise.
Jim Collins: Yes. And I think we've got good visibility, Arun, of those as we're building our plan for 2022. We're going to continue to drive productivity to stay out ahead of a number of those. And as I said before, we've got that pricing lever well in hand as well to make sure we're covering these costs as they come.
Jim Collins: Great, John. Thanks for those comments. And look, what I can say right now is I'm 100% focused here and in the role and continuing to drive the business, working with my team. We're very solidly focused on delivering 2021. I've committed to working hard to make sure that we're setting up a really strong start for 2022. And my job right now is supporting this organization through that transition. This team is well positioned to continue to drive the business forward. And I think what we've just delivered here in our first half is a good indication of that. But the strategy is on track, that we're accelerating the penetration of some of the new technologies. And that, as Dave has shared, we've got a great handle now on our capital allocation model. So I'll admit it's a little bit sooner than I had expected. But if a change was going to happen, it needed to happen when the organization was really hitting on all cylinders. So I couldn't be more proud and thankful of the team and how they remained really focused. The Board is driving that succession process. And there's not much I can comment on today about the -- in terms of timing or possible candidates. I know the Board remains very focused on identifying the right talent to help carry forward Corteva's success. And until then, I'm here extremely focused on making sure that we don't miss a beat.
Rajan Gajaria: Yes. Kevin, just to talk about CP pricing, talk about what Jim mentioned, the track record. Let's start with pricing for Crop Protection for the first half year. We had a significant price increase, 4%. And to give example, when you look at a product like Spinosyn, this is our differentiated product, we actually were high single-digit on pricing there. So when we look at our portfolio, the more we shift towards new and differentiated products, we've got around $400 million of growth this year, as Jim mentioned. We continue to see the momentum. That gives us commercial organization and opportunity to make sure that those products can get the value back. And that is consistent with our philosophy across both Seeds and Crop Protection. So have confidence on the productivity that was referred to by Dave. But I would say that our pricing philosophy continues to be strong. And we are delivering strong results in the first half, and we see that continuing next year, too.
Rajan Gajaria: Yes. I think, Jim, you are spot on. I think the biggest difference is not between the indications, but it is about the newness of the technology. So there is a lot of herbicides which would be "commodity" type of businesses. And the margin there would be lower than the new products. With the new herbicides, like Jim mentioned, Arylex and Rinskor come, 2 examples, their margin would be as high as what a differentiated insecticide would be. But just the fact that there is a lot more herbicides which would be more commodity base, it might feel like the margins are lower in herbicides. So typically, across the industry, you would say that insecticides and fungicides have higher margins than herbicides, but that changes when you launch new products.
Rajan Gajaria: Absolutely, Jim. Arun, I just wanted to share 2 examples to reinforce what Jim said. And these examples are 2 that it's an ongoing process. But the first one that comes to mind is precious metals. So we use our key products manufacturing. And we were working with rhodium. And when we saw the prices of rhodium beginning to go through the roof, our technical teams worked very closely and made a shift to the catalyst they use to palladium. So that's an example. And that really helps does not only make sure that we have reliable supply and product, but also manage cost. Another example is in the broad category of co-formulants. We've had some co-formulants which essentially were a real challenge because of the Texas freeze. And our teams pivoted, have made some significant changes and ensured that there was no disruption of supply. So a short answer, yes, absolutely looking at that, but those are 2 specific examples here.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Yes, P.J. Let me just give you a kind of a summary there. We're essentially 100% hedged for the second half of this year. We've got some EBITDA exposure even with the hedge. We're assuming, I think I mentioned in my remarks, 5.25 is the BRL, is the real assumption for the second half. And basically, we're hedged at around 5.50. So there's a little bit of exposure between the 5.25 and the 5.50. But really, we think, very manageable in the context of the balanced outlook that we've given you for the full year. Certainly, one of the considerations. But it's -- we take a sophisticated best-in-class capability and approach that we're taking in terms of that exposure. So thanks for the question.
Dave Anderson: I think the thing I would just say too is, we'll provide specifics, Jim, subs of list of in-flight productivity initiatives. And we'll provide more specifics as we get into the 2022 outlook and provide more color around that. So -- but count on us. I mean, I think that's a very important item.
Dave Anderson: Yes. No. It's a really good question. And it gets a bit confusing, because you may recall, we did a fairly significant change in our OPEB provision at the end of 2020, basically moving much closer, if you will, to market in terms of OPEB. And as a result of that, there's a flow-through of an accounting entry that we made at the end of 2020 that really affects the cash from operations presentation in the financials. So that's #1. And we can explain more of that offline if you'd like to go through it now in more detail. I think the important thing you talked about which is really a key one. It's just the range estimate that we're giving in the level of that range estimate in terms of cash from operations for 2021. It's reflective of a couple of things. Number 1, 2020 was really, in many respects, anomalous in terms of both cash collections and prepaying that we got from customers. And as a result of that, it's probably on a year-over-year basis somewhere in the neighborhood of about $600 million, if you will pull forward of cash or an increase in cash that benefited 2020. Now we're getting the benefit of that in 2021 because that's really helping us. One of the things we talked about is returning cash to shareholders. And if you look at our net debt, if you will, on a year-over-year basis, cash on hand minus debt balance, the numbers are actually quite attractive in terms of what we have there. And that's where the reflective of that very positive cash that we got at the end of the year. But the big difference, when you look at our guide this year versus last year, you look at the guide in terms of what you think of, is really that year-over-year change in working capital, mostly related to the timing of prepay as well as collections. And then the other part is we're building working capital right now. We're building working capital as part of the investment for growth. We're doing that in advance of what we see as a strong continued seasonal growth, LatAm, Europe, elsewhere. And the other thing that I would just add there, and I stated this, I think, in the prepared remarks, is the improvement we're seeing in operating working capital turns. So we've got the improvement of DSO, improvement in days sales inventory. And we're really tracking that very closely. So we're on top of this. Feel good about this, to understand the year-over-year difference that you're looking at.
