Megan Britt: Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter and first half 2020 earnings conference call for Corteva. I'm pleased to be joined today by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Freedman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platforms. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future; slides 2 and 3 and our earnings release contain our forward-looking statement disclaimers and our SEC filings provide discussion of some of the factors that could cause material differences in our actual results. We provide a pro forma basis discussion in our earnings release and slide. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items which can be found in the schedule that accompany our earnings release. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available is provided in our earnings release and on our website. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I'd like to remind you that our cautions on forward looking statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared remark and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Megan Britt: Thank you. Before we close the call today I wanted to remind everyone of the upcoming investor webcast on August 17. During this virtual event, Jim and Greg will provide strategic updates, including portfolio updates on key product launches, specifically our planning underway to accelerate Enlist E3 could be in penetration next year. We look forward to your attendance on that call. With that, we're going to close the call. Thank you so much for joining.
Rajan Gajaria: Thank you. Tim. Turning to slide 13, I’ll respect spec through a few notable examples and key drivers of how we are driving our performance in 2020. Starting on the left with Seed, our Qrome corn technology is in its first full year of lunch and a significant contributor to the pricing execution we delivered in seed for the first half. For the second half, we will need to maintain this momentum as Qrome is an integral part to providing the high yielding performance our customers are looking to secure. Moving to Enlist E3 Soybeans, here continuing strong adoption is enabling sales growth. We expect Enlist E3 will contribute more than $200 million in net sales in 2020. Importantly, this progress is further reinforced by the value we expect the full system to bring and with the recent decision as Jim mentioned we are seeing increased farmer confidence in our Enlist herbicides. We are focused on continuing to deliver on our plan to further expand the presence of this technology in the marketplace and in our portfolio in 2021. We are working closely with our contracted grower to ensure that we are managing production to align with continued strong demand. Turning to Crop Protection, our portfolio of new products continues to deliver significant growth across various crops and geographies and its targeted to contribution an estimated $1 billion in sales for 2020 and expected 33% improvement over prior year. For the second half, we're expecting $150 million in incremental sales growth over prior year to deliver on our guidance. The balance, diversity and new mode of action of the new patented active ingredients is a cornerstone of the Crop Protection strategy. Molecules like Arylex, Rinskor, Isoclast and Zorvec are all a part of our business that is delivering a rapid ramp up in volumes. Another key differentiated active we have is a Spinosyn insecticide, which is expected to contribute approximately $750 million in net sales for 2020, a double-digit improvement over prior year. The majority of the 2020 growth is weighted to the second half in key markets such as Latin America, very key strong demand for the technology in a growing market. For 2020, we estimate that the [indiscernible] segment of the insecticide market is growing between 3% and 5%. We continue to deliver increased volumes from our capacity expansion investment and are on track to increase by more than 50% by 2023. Bottom line, these new technologies are an important growth catalyst for a Seed and Crop Protection portfolio and represent a critical part of our plan to deliver in the second half. With that, I'll turn it back to Jim.
Rajan Gajaria: No, I think, Jim, you’ve covered it. But just overall if you think about that Enlist system Jonas, we’ll be looking at north of half a billion dollars of sales this year, that includes the soybean, other crops globally and the herbicide, and we have a track of doubling that in 2021 just based up on the adoption numbers that Jim spoke about. So it’s playing off very well based up on everything we discussed and excited about the Enlist in the bigger part of our portfolio of next year.
Rajan Gajaria: Sure Jim. I think you covered it in your comments earlier, but when you think about Enlist P.J. for the whole market we believe that we are going to get to a third of the market next year. This year was more than 20%, so the Enlist E3 soybean market and the technology is going to be a third of acres next year. Related to our own germplasm, we feel that we are going to double the number we have. So let’s say between 35% and 40% right now is when we are looking at all the production and we’ll decide finally, but really this all hands on this trying to ramp up that technology significantly and looking forward to seeing how that adoption goes into the market. It’s very exciting at this point of time with all the feedbacks we are getting from customers and our team is waiting.
Jim Collins: Thank you, Rajan. To close, despite the rebound in the North America market and encouraging growth in our key technologies, 2020 has progressed, it's a very challenging year given the global health crisis and associated economic downturn. Setting currency aside, we're seeing solid fundamental performance in Seed, our new herbicide offerings and across our insecticide portfolio, which is providing momentum for the second half. As such, I am confident we have the necessary strategy in place to deliver on our updated 2020 guidance. So we have neutralized the downside risk on currency, we also recognized that market volatility is still a factor. So we’re working to accelerate more aggressive efforts on spending, increasing volumes for high demand products and securing more Enlist E3 seed volume for the 2021 season. We know a lot can happen in a growing season and we are closely monitoring crop conditions in the US and Latin America as well as the broader market backdrop, including further COVID related impacts to ensure that we are adequately adapting and adjusting our plans to deliver for the full year. So I’ll now turn it back to Megan.
Jim Collins: Yeah great. Thanks Joel for the question. So you're right, we can -- it's actually pretty straightforward when you think about the previous guide of 2.2%, it comes down to two main elements. There's about $400 million of currency headwind versus that guide that we gave back in January and that is COVID-related due to a basket of currencies everywhere in the world. Brazil being the biggest component of that, but it's a -- it's a number of currencies. The second element is just some market softening. Part of that was the three million acres that that left us here right at the end of the second half, that that’s about $60 million per our formula of $20 million for every yard million acres. And then some softening that we're seeing in the fourth quarter that it's also COVID-related primarily ethanol corn demand commodity pricing and that's another $40 million. So you add those altogether, there's $500 million of headwind versus that previous guide $400 million currency $100 million of it is market-related. And so we've worked hard throughout this first half to offset about half of that $500 million, some of that is seed, corn pricing. So our first half very strong performance in North America around corn price, soybean pricing a lot of predictions at the beginning of the year that we would fall short on soybean pricing and we off obviously -- we drove very strong performance there. And some of that is rest of world volume. So if you look at our seed business in places like Europe, we're up low-teens. If you look at Asia-Pacific we're up high-teens and if you look at Latin America we're up high 20% in terms of rest of the world our seed business. So really strong rest of the world performance. And then overall Crop Protection pricing and volume is part of that offset and then we've got some spending actions that we've taken. So overall down $500 million back about $250 million on actions that we've taken and that gets you to the midpoint of the new guide that we put out there. We believe this guide is a solid base. I've got a lot of confidence in it and so does the team and we're all working hard from now through the end of the year to go grab as many of the upsides as we can. I think a final point to make about the plan that we have here today versus what we gave you in January is pretty much everything else in that plan. Our pricing programs, our selling expense, the projects that we had in place to drive productivity, the synergies that are flowing through, the COGS improvement program, you know what all of that stuff has played out exactly according to plan. So big news here $400 million currency, a $100 million of market both of those COVID related and we're working hard to offset half of that today and working on that other half through the remainder of the year. Now on 2021, you know it's a little early to be talking about 2021, but if you just step back for a moment and think about all the things I just talked about the momentum that we're carrying in the underlying business the organic price volume growth that you're seeing both in Seed and Crop Protection, we're going to have another strong seed year next year, I think firm is well-positioned, Enlist will see the ramp starting now, we've got that launched and some additional work on COGS, on Crop Protection that pipeline is still delivering, this Spinosyn capacity starting come into play and we’ll get additional chemistry business from Enlist that is sprayed over the top of those Enlist acres and then will still have the final year of our synergies and additional productivity. So all those things had you know I feel really good about the underlying foundation of the business and the momentum that we would be carried into it start in 2021.
Jim Collins: Yeah David. You know our first mission in North America this year was focused on value. We were very disciplined in driving new processes around pricing especially in corn and as I talked about a minute ago in soybeans. There has a lot of predictions that was – and it's always a competitive year, but I couldn't be prouder of the team. And so first and foremost, we focused on value rather than you know specifically focusing on share. So it's a little too early right now to call market share even though we've got kind of the macro numbers from USDA in terms of where we think planted acres came out and obviously we've got our visibility. You know it really matters exactly where those acres came out there in some parts of the country where we're stronger. And so we really got to get this down to a county level. So we're in the process of working through that. I can say pretty confidently we saw some share gains in other parts of the world. Tim, do you want to talk a little bit about those areas.
Jim Collins: Yes. Yes. Thanks P.J. for the comment, you know you're exactly right that the timing of the ag market in the northern hemisphere, the first quarter second quarter split for the financial result is really, really difficult, because you know the season unfolds differently every single year, and so calling out, which is why we talk a lot about our business on a first half basis. It provides a more seasonal view of the results and then we can kind of talk about the Southern Hemisphere in a seasonal basis in the second half. We have discussed a lot about adjusting our fiscal calendar to be more in line with the cropping calendar and you know we're working right now to get audited financials and some history behind our belt. So that when we can make that change you know we can do it appropriately. We've got some financial systems, our ERP systems that we're currently you know kind of rewiring now to bring it all together. So we want to get the ERP system kind of lockdown and ready to go and then we're going to take a hard look at making that movement making that adjustment. Do you had a question P.J.
Jim Collins: Great let me just talk about CP volumes in 2Q for just a moment. You know this quarter was to your previous point a little bit of an aberration. We had some you know we had a very early start to the Latin-America season last year so there was a bunch of herbicides business that was in 2Q last year. We're going to get all of that in 3Q as a matter of fact I have the orders in hand right now to deliver most of that. The other reason is that CP results in 2Q are a little bit light, is this Vessarya issue that we talked about. We've got a fantastic fungicide in Brazil, growers it has tremendous performance. So there is no issue with the product performing itself growers and get their hands on it. It’s just as formulation issue, meaning that we need to hold it a little bit later, little tighter, little closer, it’s the right when the demand is needed. And so we have to pull some back and rework it and get it ready to go its stage in the warehouse ready to rock when the season unfolds. But because of that rework and pulling it back and created a little bit of depression in 2Q as well. So all of that comes back to us in the second half and as a matter of fact on an organic basis, if I looked at kind of the full year kind of CT guide when the second half kind of plays out like we think you know we're going to be high single digits organically in sales in our Crop Protection segment. So with respect to Enlist, Rajan, do you want to talk a little bit about that.
Jim Collins: Yeah, thanks. Thanks John. So obviously a lot of the plan for production for -- for extend is out there. And so the main message here is we're going to have choices for our growers no matter how this -- how this really plays out and you know we're watching that situation closely. Thanks, john.
Jim Collins: Yeah. Yes, Chris. So really the two main issues $80 million of Vessarya or $80 million of sales that were in the second quarter last year that that will now recognize in this -- in the back half of this year in 3Q. And like I said I have those orders in hand. No -- no concerns about that at all and Vessarya is -- is all of that those sales we had last year will have again this year we anticipate. So it’s a really strong product. So that’s the way to think about Latin America as is just a little bit of an aberration around reporting. Go forward strong performance with our insecticide business in Latin America in the second half as well Isoclast is really setting up to be a real strong contributor. So as I said in -- I think one of the previous answers here if I look at this guide and the CP business for the full year at the end of 2020 you know we're going to be in the high single-digits on that revenue line organically x currency. So we feel really good about you know kind of where our competitive performance sits versus the market. Thanks, Chris.
Jim Collins: Yeah. Luke thanks. You know first of all a very large percent of our portfolio. I think the number is 80% of our Crop Protection portfolio is dual source at least from two sources and a big chunk of that is out of the United States. One of those set the sources would be out of US, I think the number is north of 60% of our -- of our active ingredient. So we already have tremendous resiliency and flexibility and key message there. You don't wake up the first day of this COVID crisis and decide to diversify your supply chain. This is something we've been working on for years and have really paid off for us. So as the crisis rolled through Asia, we sourced from Europe and in the US and as we had some things that hit the US like the flooding in Midland, we were able to pivot and -- and source those products from Asia-Pacific. So you know no additional -- additional changes we feel really good about where we stand today.
P.J. Juvekar: Jim, I have a comment and then a question. And my comment is that, sometimes your reserves can be very confusing, because you have pull forward demand in certain region or pushing back of seeds and chemicals because of weather et cetera. So if it would be easier to understand your reserves, if you align your quarters with the planting cycle, and that's what the old Monsanto did, when you know they had the same issue, and so they had March, April and May together, because that’s the planting season and June, July, August together, because that’s the application season. So that’s just a suggestion. I'm not saying you should do that, but that would make it easier for investors to understand the company.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Thank you. And my question is I mean your figures also were down only 2% organically after being up 27% in 1Q.
P.J. Juvekar: So clearly you know Enlist E3 launch is going well as you ramp up Enlist E3 next year, how much of that will be in the Pioneer germplasm. And then if you can just talk about how much kind of germplasm of fee on the Enlist you will pay to Styne this year? Thank you.
