Kim Booth: Good morning. And welcome to Corteva’s second quarter and first half 2024 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those discussed on this call and in the risk factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today’s presentation, we’ll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules, along with our Supplemental Financial Summary slide deck, available on our Investor Relations website. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thanks, Dave. Now, before we get into the Q&A, Chuck, I believe you’d like to make a few closing remarks.
Kim Booth: Thanks, Dave. Now let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Kim Booth: Okay. So that concludes today’s call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day.
Chuck Magro: Thanks, Kim. I’d like to say a few words about the announcement we made after market yesterday that we will have a new Chief Financial Officer starting September 16th. David Johnson will join Corteva from Atkore, a publicly traded company and leader in electrical safety and infrastructure solutions, where he also served as CFO. David is an accomplished CFO with a proven track record of delivering strong results, operational efficiency, and financial discipline to large global organizations like ours. He has nearly three decades of experience, and as I’ve gotten to know David throughout this process, I believe he is the perfect choice for Corteva. David will, of course, succeed Dave Anderson. To ensure a smooth transition, Dave will continue to serve on the executive leadership team as a strategic advisor to me until his retirement in the first quarter of 2025. Dave joined Corteva over three years ago, which was, as many of you will remember, both a pivotal and critical time in our history. With his wealth of experience and his considerable expertise across industries, Dave gave this company, its Board, and its leadership assurance that this company’s financial strategy was in the best of hands, and I think the results speak for themselves. So before I turn it over to Dave, I’d like to thank him for his service and his dedication to Corteva, to our investors and shareholders, and to our customers and employees. Dave, thank you. It’s been an absolute privilege to serve alongside of you, and with that, over to you.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Good morning, Vincent. So great question. I guess let me start by just saying we still have a lot of conviction over 2025. We feel very good about the things that are obviously in our control, and if you’ve looked at sort of how we describe the controllable levers, whether it’s Seed out-licensing, the productivity and cost improvement that we’re working through, biologicals growth, all these things, we said $350 million to $450 million in both 2024 and 2025. We’re thinking that that number now is certainly north of $400 million for each of the years. So very good around the controllables. When you think about Seed, we remain very comfortable with our base assumptions for 2024 and moving into 2025 and I would even go beyond 2025. The technology pipeline that we’ve built, we think is second to none in the industry, and our out-licensing now is ramping up very nicely as we made comments in our prepared remarks. And then as you rightly called out, we can see deflation now that’s in the P&L in both Seed and CP. You’re right, we have not given you full quantities yet. We’ll do that at the right time. But we think that that could be a significant tailwind as we think through 2025 and even beyond that. So when you put all that together, we’re very comfortable with, if you look at the forward guide now for 2024 and then you look at some of the ranges we’ve provided for 2025 and what we call the value framework, we’re very comfortable we’re on a path to that range. The biggest question though, and we can’t ignore it, right, is not when we think about CP pricing. So we needed to see a few things in this quarter, and so we’re feeling pretty good that we saw volume growth in Q2 when it comes to CP, but it’s been a pretty competitive environment when it comes to pricing. And so that’s the thing that we’re watching. We’re not overly concerned, but it’s something we’re keeping an eye on. And the 2025 framework then needs to connect to that.\ And what we’re hoping to see now is further stabilization in the CP industry. And then eventually this market will return to growth because we’ve got two years now where we’ve seen declining organic growth, and to see three years, it would be quite unprecedented. It’s happened before, but it’s been quite rare. And so we’re still feeling that our base assumption of some growth in 2025 makes sense. And when you put all that together, I think the value framework would still be very comfortable for Corteva.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Let me give you a perspective, Joel, and then I’ll have Dave just talk about how we built the forward guide and Dave can give you some specifics. So, when we look at CP for the second quarter, our price was down approximately 5%, but our volumes were up 6%, and we really needed to see the volume growth. I think from a Corteva perspective, and I’m only going to speak about Corteva today. I think what we wanted to do is make sure that we manage the inventories going into the channel. Because look, we need to learn from what’s happened, right? And we want our recovery when we look at Corteva to be sustainable as we work through the quarters. And so we’re very comfortable. We like the path that we’re on. I think when we think about how we guided the market, it’s important to say that the midpoint came down about $100 million. Really, that was sort of first half impact, right? But we had some pretty significant weather that impacted the CP business, we lost some sprays, both in Europe and the U.S., and then there was the pricing dynamic, which we’ve already called out. So now when you think about how to think about the rest of 2024, Dave, I’ll let you kind of comment on that.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. So, look, we think that there’s a lot going on in the CP industry, David, and a lot of this that we’ll reference now, we think will run its course, and it’s on a pathway of having an improved and what I would consider to be a healthier CP market overall. So when you start thinking about all of the moving parts here, what we’re finding is that a lot of the industry players now are moving through their high-priced inventory, which is natural and it’s part of the healing process that we would consider as part of the overall industry dynamic. But what I would say is that, the fundamentals, what you have to keep sort of first and foremost, and the reason we’re not overly concerned, and we’ve said this in the prepared remarks, but it’s important to state again, on-farm demand is healthy. And in the first time in two years, I’d say what’s going into the channel is now coming out of the channel. And so this is just a much healthier overall structure that we haven’t seen in a couple of years. So you’ve got this dynamic where what’s generally going into the channel is going out of the channel, on-farm applications are healthy. Of course, farmers are being smart about their investments and their applications, they always are. But what we’re seeing is that that channel is a lot healthier. So that gives us some confidence. And then what we needed to see was the volume growth into the channel in the second quarter. That was the first sign of what I would consider to be a stable market. And so the pricing dynamic is the way we’ve described it. But as we work through this journey a little bit more and we need now to finalize this with Brazil, because we would say that from a destocking perspective, the U.S. and now I’d say Europe, they’re more or less destocked. And if you notice, we haven’t used that language too much today, because we’re feeling that the industry is finally behind that. We have to go through now the Brazil environment. But like Robert said, certainly our order book is healthier than it was this time last year and farmers are planning to apply the product in the fourth quarter. So when you put it all together, I think we are on a journey of stabilization. We feel like this is where we needed to be at this time of the year. But we do need to see how the second half actually unfolds. But that’s why we have, I think, guarded optimism is the way I would describe it.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Good morning, Josh. So do you want to talk about volumes, Robert, and then I’ll come back and we should hear from Tim as well on Seed.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Josh, just I’ll echo what Tim said very quickly. So, in all my years, whether it was being a retailer or now on the Seed side, we just don’t see it. And the reason we don’t see it is because it’s akin to gambling. That germplasm, especially if you think about our germplasm, it’s approaching 100 years now and we’ve got more than decades of experience in breeding. And if you just think about the Z series that we just rolled out, that three bushels per acre against our best stuff, because that’s a comparative Corteva versus Corteva, that could be the difference between profit and not. I -- we are not -- like Tim said, we never take it for granted. Our obligation to our farmer customers is to ensure that next year’s hybrids are better than this year’s. And we invest a lot of money in R&D and plant breeding to ensure that happens. But with that comes some credibility in the marketplace, I think.
Chuck Magro: Yeah, Frank. So I think we’re approaching, I don’t want to give you a quarter because, look, this whole dynamic that we’ve all faced with the destocking is almost unprecedented. And if I provide a quarter, I’m definitely sure I’ll be wrong. But we’re looking at the trend lines and we’re very encouraged at where we’re at. First and foremost, like we said a couple times already today, we did need to see the volume grow and we saw that. And we needed to see the volumes entering the channel and leaving the channel at about the same rate. And thank goodness, on-farm demand has been healthy. I think many of us are now moving the high-priced inventory through the P&L and into the marketplace, which is another important step. And our inventories, Dave, they’re still a little higher than we’d like, but they are a lot better than they have been over the last couple of years. So, when you put all this together, I think we’re on a path of recovery or what we call stabilization. And I probably need to leave the conversation there, because it’s probably not healthy for me to forecast what will happen, except to say that, again, two years of organic decline has happened in the industry, but it is unusual. Three years is even more unusual.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. I won’t say much more than that on the dicamba. I think Tim covered it well, but if you just look at the strategy that we’ve implemented just a few years ago to be a technology seller instead of a technology buyer, we’re very pleased with that. And you can start to see some of that path to royalty neutrality that hit our bottomline, right? Like over 400 basis points of margin expansion in Seed. This doesn’t happen overnight. This has been a long investment cycle. But if you think about how our soybeans and our corn is performing and we do have the latest in the next-gen technology in the pipeline, as Tim already called out, with Vorceed and PowerCore, and then Enlist E-Series now adding to the mix and becoming more important. And this year we’re over 200 new hybrids and varieties in the marketplace. Next year we’ll be at a similar number. We think that the strength of our Seed business will continue to gain momentum. And then when you think about some of the lower costs and the deflation, as we called it, flowing through the P&L, we just like the path that Seed is on. I think the first half this year was a record, but I think that this business is just getting started. So we’re extremely pleased with the performance of our Seed business right now.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Good morning, Edlain. So, look, I think that the dynamic that we’re seeing right now on the farm, you can see the macro agricultural economy margins are tighter than they have been the last couple of years. But farmers are still at least the ones that I’ve spent some time this summer traveling through the Midwest and talking to lots of farmers. Tim and I were talking to a host of Pioneer reps as well this week. What we’re finding is we’ve already talked about the dynamic with Seed. I think with CP, we’re not seeing on any broad basis farmers making decisions based purely on economics. So if a crop needs to be protected in some fashion, they are protecting the crop. But look, given the margins that we have now on the farm, they’re going to make sure that every dollar they spend has the right return on investment. And let’s be clear, right, when they’re investing in Seed or CP, that is a return on investment. What we’re finding though is that, there is a -- if sometimes a farmer will use more of a commodity type product, they have to use that product oftentimes more often because it doesn’t have the same efficacy as some of the newer technologies. So they might buy it for a lower price, but they’re going to use more volume and I think that that is certainly what we’ve seen in some parts of the marketplace. But generally speaking, I think farmers are doing what we would expect them to do in this market. They are prioritizing their investments. They’re ensuring that they’re going to maximize yield because the yield is going to be what they’re going to take and sell into the marketplace and make their returns. So I think that we’re in a market where technology is still going to be important, but we definitely need to ensure that we’re providing farmers with a proper return on investment. And when we look at our CP portfolio, we think that certainly there is a lot that we can do to support farmers in those decisions.
Dave Anderson: Thanks, Chuck. I really appreciate the kind words. It’s obviously just been a terrific opportunity to work with Corteva, to work with you and the organization over the last several years, and I’m proud of what we’ve been able to accomplish, and I’m really pleased with the strengthening of finance team and the alignment of the finance organization to support our Crop Protection and Seed business unit. And I’m looking forward to supporting David in this transition. I know it’s going to be a successful one. I know he’s going to be a terrific CFO for Corteva. So thanks very much.
Dave Anderson: Sure, Chuck. And I think too, just related to 2025, I think, Chuck, we would get into any details and any specifics regarding that at a later time. It’s really too early to comment on that. But importantly, Joel, as you know, for the first half, let me talk about our pricing assumptions just a little bit and then we can talk about overall market, and Robert, you may want to comment a little bit just on what we’re seeing at the farm gate in terms of just the continued demand there and the steadiness of that demand. But on the -- for the first half, as you saw, round numbers, we were around 4% pricing headwind in the business, Crop Protection business, 3.5%, specifically for the first half. And our expectation is for the full year, that’s going to be a little greater, probably in the, I’m going to call it the low- to mid-single digits, really driven by the mix -- the geographic mix. We’ve got a much larger, as you know, an increase in Latin America’s percent of total for the second half. So that’s what’s really influencing that number. When we look at volumes and volume expectations for the industry, and I’ll let Robert comment on this more. I mean, all of what we’re seeing, signs of what we’re seeing, as Chuck said, are pointing to some return to normalcy, stabilization, if you will. And we’re seeing that in terms of the demand, in terms of usage of product, including the differentiated products that are, in terms of technology -- possessed technology and efficacy that the farmer needs. Robert, you may want to just comment a little bit about that, because I think that bears on the health of the overall business and the outlook.
Dave Anderson: I think you captured very well, just to maybe state the perspective just in a slightly differently, just to reiterate to some degree what Chuck said. Kevin, in that base $3.5 billion, we’ve obviously got, as Chuck said, when talking about prepared remarks, the Brazil area of recovery, as well as the CP volume growth, you spoke to that, Robert spoke to that, in terms of particularly driven by Latin America, but also to some degree, APAC and North America increase in the second half, but really significantly driven by Brazil. Pricing, we’ve given you the assumptions there. We feel that’s good in terms of what we’re seeing and our expectations. And then the other key point is what we’ve got dialed in, in terms of cost deflation for the Crop Protection raw materials. So those are the kind of the base, and then Chuck did a good job of just outlining on sort of the plus minus of that, and obviously, one of the things we’re monitoring, Tim, you’re monitoring, and we’ll know more later, is the overall Argentine corn planted area, just that phenomenon.
Dave Anderson: Yeah. So the total -- Jeff, good morning. So the total royalty income referencing the 40%. So that’s not just corn. That’s our total, as Tim said. And what that equates to for us is that about $35 million increase. Hope that helps.
Dave Anderson: Sure. So, just quickly, thanks for the question. As you probably saw, we had benefits from both inventory and accounts payable with some offset in receivables in terms of our cash provided by working capital relative to the prior year. So if you will, the change on the change. So inventory was just under $500 billion of benefit, $165 million and accounts payable about $659 million. And then again, we got some offset in accounts receivable and deferred revenue. I think those trends are going to continue. We’re going to see continued benefit in terms of inventory as we sell through, in terms of cost of goods sold and the volume that we forecast for the second half of the year. And the same way with payables is procurement tends to now start to normalize. So we’ll get that benefit. Receivables are going to continue to be a bit of a headwind, particularly with the increase that we’ve got now in volume and revenues in the second half and particularly in the fourth quarter of the year. And when you look at the geographic mix of those revenues. It’s a little early to talk about 2025 with any degree of precision. We’re obviously encouraged by what looks like a 50% free cash flow to EBITDA conversion for this year. We want to sustain that and improve that if possible going into 2025. So, again, that’s something that’s a little early, but we’ll update you on. We’re quite encouraged right now with the way in which cash is shaping up.
Tim Glenn: Hey, Chris. This is Tim. I’ll take a shot at this. So, it’s hard to comment on what the motivations were for putting a price card out early. When you put a price card out early, there’s -- I’d say a gap in details in terms of what you understand. You don’t necessarily know what the mixed products that they’re going to sell. You don’t necessarily know what their growth net’s going to be. And my best guess right now is there’s not a farmer who’s made a buy decision yet based off of that. So we’re in the process of developing our 2025 plans. And I’d say we’re weeks away from North America. We’re generally pretty consistent in terms of timing and we’ll stick to that timing as well. A little bit later in Europe, but more like a month or two out from most of Europe. As we think about going into this market, obviously every year is a little bit different, and it’s different in terms of the environment you’re selling into, as well as what you’re bringing to the market. What I’d say is in 2025, as we put together our pricing plans, especially in North America, it’s really driven by innovation and new technology. And the value approach that we take in terms of delivering value to our customer doesn’t change here. So on corn, we have a very favorable mix enhancement as we think about introducing new hybrids with Vorceed and PowerCore, two very exciting and important technologies on corn that we’ll be ramping up this year. And as was mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, we’re also going to have a significant ramp up of our Z-series soybeans, which will be within Enlist and really take our value prop to the next level with farmers. So, overall, our philosophy never changes. It is value driven, it’s technology driven and it’s focused on innovation and making sure that our customers have access to that new technology. And we have that long -- I’d say longstanding trust and understanding from our customers as we bring them something new and better that we’re going to share in that value. So certainly a different market environment, can’t really speculate on our competition and what their motivations are, but our focus and our approach really doesn’t change in this environment.
Tim Glenn: Yeah. On the Seed side, we get the question a lot about the trading down and maybe I’ll think about it in a couple ways. One is, in terms of technology ladder, it is very difficult for a farmer, once they’ve had certain Seed technologies, to be able to move down the ladder, if you want to think of that. So if they’re used to planting, above ground insect control with certain herbicide-resistant traits, they kind of built their operation around that. If they’re used to being triples above and below ground with multiple modes of herbicide resistance, they kind of are built that, equipment, labor, the whole bit is around that and we’ve not seen any meaningful trade down over time. And certainly, as recently as six years or seven years ago, we were in a very difficult environment and didn’t see the trade down at that point in time. On the -- if you think about from a genetic side or trading down on brand, I think that what you have to understand is, you can say Seed is interchangeable, you can get different trade packages or comparable trade packages from different companies, but one thing about Seed is it is a very emotional decision. And for that farmer, it’s not just confidence that the genetics are going to perform and deliver a certain level of yield that’s consistent with their expectations, but it’s also the ability to be able to handle adversity, consistency over time, and plus the support and service they get from their point of sale. And so, in a situation like this, our value proposition has to make sense and we’re quite confident, that what we’re delivering to those customers will be, make sense to them, will be additive to their operation. And then the other point is, at times like this, especially when margins are compressed at the farm operation level, that last bushel is maybe all the profit that they make, if you want to think of it that way or put them in a positive cash flow situation. And so, they see Seed differently than other decisions that they make over the course of their Seed operation. So, never take it for granted, always stay close to the customer and help them understand our value proposition. But history has shown that Seed holds in well.
Tim Glenn: Hey, Steve. This is Tim. Maybe I’ll take a first shot and let Chuck wrap up there. So, obviously, you know, we’re like everyone else, just kind of eyes open, waiting to see how this is going to turn out. And we did have -- we continue to have very strong adoption on the Enlist E3 side and soybeans. And as we said earlier today, we believe it was greater than 65% of the market, which is a tremendous amount of growth when you think about already being above 55% last year. So do I believe that there’s still room to grow? I really do believe there’s room to grow. It’s hard to size that up based off of the uncertainty around what that label is going to look like. And particularly, the ability to use the product in season, that’s really the, I think the outstanding question there. So in terms of how it shapes up from 2025, I would expect market adoption to expand in 2025. Are there new companies that are going to be in there? Probably not a lot because there’s well over 100 companies that are currently licensed and selling Enlist E3 soybeans today. So I’d say adoption’s pretty wide across the market. It’s just about how much more can the trade continue to penetrate? Depending upon the outcome, certainly our brands will benefit at some level, certainly licensees and others who are distributing products will benefit. And so, to be able to size it up today just with that level of uncertainty probably doesn’t make a lot of sense. What I can say is there’s more than likely adequate Seed to support substantial growth on a year-over-year basis between all the 100 plus companies that are producing and currently in the marketplace with Enlist E3 varieties.
