Kim Booth: Good morning and welcome to Corteva's second quarter and first half 2023 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today's presentation, we'll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules, along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thanks, Dave. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Kim Booth: Thank you. So that concludes today's call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day.
Dave Anderson: Just a couple -- I think maybe just a couple of quick points, Vincent. I think, first of all, as Chuck said, what we're seeing is very good performance, obviously, on margin -- on EBITDA and margin despite the volume headwind that we're experiencing the Crop Protection business this year. So it's a real tribute obviously, to our cost performance and cost management but also the shifts that have taken place related to our portfolio refinements and the upgrade, if you will, the strengthening in the quality of the businesses, the technology delivery and seed and the enhanced differentiation and technology in the Crop Protection business. So it's really, I think, that formula, that's working. And if anything, it's working faster in terms of that margin rate and the EBITDA delivery despite the volume, again, despite the volume headwind. So we'll obviously be updating all of this. It's -- the March will proceed now forward to 2024. And it won't be long before we'll be talking with you about our guide for 2024. But what we see right now, as Chuck said, is continued positive setup in terms of the overall fundamentals we're going to work through, obviously, as an industry, this destocking issue and this phenomenon in terms of inventory correction, particularly in the channel in 2023. That's going to work its way through. It's going to take time. But our outlook right now remains quite constructive, quite positive when we look forward with, again, an acceleration of what we've seen in terms of our cost performance and our margin performance. Hopefully, that helps.
Dave Anderson: Sure, sure. And maybe the way I could start that, Kevin, start the conversation in Q3 and Q4. So maybe just talk a little bit about the half -- sort of what's implied in terms of guide for the half, just to give you some perspective. So to the midpoint of our revenue guide, the $18.5 billion [ph], that would imply a revenue increase on a year-over-year basis of $500 million. Now importantly, when you look at that, it includes our Biological acquisitions. So there's about $300 million of that $500 million that's coming about as a result of the acquisitions. On the EBITDA, what's implied, our actual last year for the second half was $466 million. This year [indiscernible] numbers, it's about $600 million. And again, very importantly, the Biologicals acquisition represents about $70 million. If you look at that $90 million number that we've given you is a full year guide for Biologicals contribution to EBITDA, $20 million in the first half, $70 million in the second half. So keep that in mind just in terms of giving some perspective on kind of what's assumed here, if you will, in the growth that's assumed for the second half. Now to your question in terms of 3Q, 4Q, it really has to do with timing of LatAm and timing associated with the acquisition contributions. The acquisition contributions are really mostly now in terms of second half will be in the fourth quarter, specifically the Stoller [ph] acquisition and its business which is really for the second half, really focused on Brazil. And then for LatAm, in total, when you look at our -- both our Seed business, Seed business with a normal distribution 3Q to 4Q and then for Robert's Crop Protection business, you're really looking at, again, that recalibration from 1H to 2H from the first half to the second half that we communicated back in May, that's playing out. We've got more insights on that now and that really is the other reason the other big component of the fourth quarter and the significance of the fourth quarter. If you look at it historically, it's not atypical compared to when you go back to '21 -- 2020 [ph], it is different than 2022 but 2022 really was anomalous in terms of the distribution, particularly the distribution pattern that we experienced in Latin America.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Let me give you the crop numbers. So it's a really good point because when you look at our numbers, you really have to consider product exits, the strategic decisions that we've made just to get -- just to put that into perspective, on a reported basis, the volume change for the crop business would be round numbers about 16% down for the first half but it's really minus 10% when you take into consideration the exit. So there's about 6 points there of impact in the first half from those decisions. When you look at the second half, what you're looking at Joel is on a reported basis, we've got a volume change of about 4% but on an adjusted basis -- and by the way, this also includes the store acquisition in it. So this is sort of an all-in -- when you look at it all in, it would be up 8%. So we're looking at -- that growth is really a transference significantly of LatAm from 1H to 2H in addition to what we're seeing is sequentially for Brazil, specifically, when you look at the market research data, we're seeing sequentially 1Q to 2Q in the channel, some improvement in overall inventory levels and we're seeing pretty good strength in terms of actual sellout, if you will, in other words, product that's going to the farm gate. So essentially, what we're seeing in the second half is the improvement in terms of related to the timing of LatAm.
Dave Anderson: Yes. So just very quickly, just to kind of go through a couple of the numbers and then go specifically your question in terms of directionally, what do we see in terms of cash flow and cash flow conversion going forward. So for the first half, as you pointed out, we've had higher use of cash on a year-over-year basis. That's really related to the phenomena of working capital including payables and the payables has to do with more cash outflow in terms of growers comp on the seed side which is all explainable by the size of the business, the growth of the business as well as commodity costs and our pricing actions. On the other side of the payables is trade payables which is really attributable to what we're doing in terms of inventory management, on the crop protection side of the business, where we're really pulling back, obviously, very understandably in terms of procurement there. For the full year, the $1 billion to $1.2 billion translates to, let's say, at the midpoint, $1.1 billion against our EBITDA translates to about a 30% cash conversion at $1.1 billion using our midpoint of our EBITDA guide for the full year, about a 30% conversion to EBITDA which, by the way, is about a 50% conversion if you use the cash to operating earnings relationship, in other words, the numerator of our EPS calculation which is another way to calculate communicate conversion. When you look at what's happening in the second half of the year, it's really -- working capital is really becomes a source of cash and it's really attributable to the fact that we're growing but holding working capital levels basically on a year-over-year basis, holding at constant -- coming down, obviously, from our first half levels in terms of inventory but also increasing in terms of payables. When you look out to 2024 and 2025, again these sort of directional numbers, what we would be looking at for the 2 years, '24, '25 something in the neighborhood of 50% plus in terms of cash flow conversion, if you look at, again, a cash-to-EBITDA relationship that would translate to around 80% plus when you think of cash relative to operating earnings for those periods. And that's dialed in. We've got, we think, the -- all the right disciplines, capabilities, et cetera. And it's consistent with what we referenced earlier in terms of our confidence in our outlook, in terms of our earnings targets for '24 and '25.
Dave Anderson: Yes. Jeff [indiscernible]? Sorry, Jeff, did you say do we assume positive pricing in the seed business relative to our '24, '25 financial targets? Yes, the answer would be, yes.
Dave Anderson: Another way of saying it is that we think that Seed business, we're going to again price for value and that pricing versus cost assumptions will be accretive to margins.
Dave Anderson: And Jeff, just -- this is Dave. Just one final comment to just add to what I said earlier. Just as a reminder and you recall this from our as early as Investor Day last year, communications that most of the pricing the seed pricing will have taken place through 2023. So that's just a kind of a reminder in terms of relative significance of those forward years.
Dave Anderson: Arun, I would say this, first of all, again, it's early for us to comment on specifics for 2024 and that's going to be a very important component or installment for us and will give us also follows, obviously, a lot of more detail and color around the components that you're asking about. I think the way I think about it is going back to Investor Day, where we provided the bridge or the walk, if you will, from 2022 forward. And I think the way to think about that, again, it's something we provided. We called it the value creation framework. And it's the same buckets and it's the ones that you just mentioned. The royalty neutrality, we said greater than $250 million, lower net royalties driven by Enlist. We said that we were going to have -- in product mix, we were going to get the benefit of that. That's going to be a margin lift for us not only on the seed business and seed side, as Tim articulated but also in Crop Protection with greater than 60% of our Crop Protection revenue coming from differentiated products. SG&A what we talked about is translating into $400 million of savings. And by the way, just to put a plug in for that in 2023 on a on a, call it, apples-to-apples basis. In other words, excluding acquisitions on a full year basis, we're going to be down north of $50 million despite inflation, despite merit and inflation. So that's a fairly significant testimony to what we're doing on that front. So operational excellence and then more to come, obviously, on -- from both businesses in terms of their, if you will, cost of revenue. And then against that backdrop, as Chuck said, still very much committed to our increased R&D investment, Chuck cited the target of the 8% of revenue for 2025. So those are the same building blocks that are there today very much. I think what you're seeing in terms of our results for the first half and our guide for 2023 really reinforce that. So again, a lot more color, a lot more detail on that to come as we develop and flesh out our '24 plan and communicate that guide to you later.
Chuck Magro: David. So look, this came up on the industry pretty quickly. It sort of became very clear that how we were thinking about it in terms of pockets. If you recall at the end of the last quarter, we were talking that we knew there were pockets of higher inventories, some areas of LatAm and Asia Pacific really weather-driven. By the end of May, it became very clear that what we were talking about was more systemic and broad-based. And at that point, what we're seeing, so just to set the stage, right? The one thing that this industry has is it has pretty good line of sight for data that goes into the channel and that leaves the channel. And what we're seeing is that on-farm demand actually very, I'd say, positive. And it's been consistent over the last 2 to 3 years at a low single-digit growth when you're talking about organic revenue. So that's the good news is we -- and you can imagine, since May, we have spent a lot of time looking at this but we're feeling very good that the overall fundamentals, farmers health and they're applying the products they need to preserve their crop and to drive yield. But what happened since the end of May is that there has been a very significant pullback by the channel because they've had too much inventory. And so what we're expecting now is that by the time we get through the end of this year, that -- I'd say most of it will be behind us. But that doesn't mean that we're out of the woods when it comes to 2024. There's probably going to be some product lines and some geographies that this will persist into 2024 and we're planning for that. We understand that. We're going to work with our channel partners. But overall, I think what we're also finding is that it wasn't just an inventory perspective. But with the higher cost of capital, higher interest rates specifically, there is a move clearly back to the way the industry operated pre-2022, right? Where the industry really was used, especially in North America but also I'd say in Latin America, where these supply chains are quite sophisticated. They have high fidelity and the channel plus, the farming community got very comfortable that the product can be delivered just in time. So we're going to see that. So unfortunately, what will happen is you're going to see that in the seasonality, especially around Q3, that's why Dave communicated sort of the earnings split between Q3 and Q4. But I wouldn't say that we're not constructive about 2024. The 2024 setup still looks to us to be pretty good. You've got record demand for grains and oilseeds. You have record demand for biofuels in '23. We think there'll be another record in '24. As we talked about, crop prices have come down but farmer margins are still really healthy and we haven't seen a change in buying behavior in terms of the products that they're investing in. But would there be -- is it possible that there's going to be some carryover in terms of the destocking in 2024? Certainly in the first part of '24, that's entirely possible.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Chris, so look, lots of time to talk about 2024. We haven't really started our detailed planning sessions yet. But the way we're thinking about it, just to give you sort of the directional thoughts. First, the ag setup looks pretty constructive as I've mentioned. We still think that we're going to have above average historical pricing. Obviously, with the size of the crop in Brazil right now, we're going to have some rebalancing of stocks but still, I think, relative tight market conditions. We've got healthy farmers around the world. They just come off 2 record years. This year won't be a record but it's still going to be at least in the U.S., we think a top 5 year. So the setup is very constructive. And then as I mentioned already, very strong demand for grains and oilseeds, food, feed and fuel. So when you think about that backdrop, then you place that sort of what's happening at Corteva, the bottom line is that we see another year of growth and of margin expansion, very consistent with the 2025 framework. And the levers are the same levers we've talked about. So we're going to see and we expect to see significant growth in our new products, our new crop protection products. As you recall, last year, we finalized the spinosad expansion. So we're seeing incremental volume go into the market this year and we'll see growth in 2024 and 2025. I already mentioned royalty expenses but we're probably trending a little ahead of plan to get to the overall $250 million by 2025. And then the thing that we need to unpack a little further but obviously, with crop prices the way they are today in raw material on the chemical side, we are going to see and start to see lower costs flow through the P&L. So when we put this all together, the construct looks very, I think, similar to what we've laid out historically, we don't see any sort of major deviations from what we've communicated. It is early days, so I'll caution you that this is just our initial thinking. But so far, what we would say is that the setup for 2024 looks quite constructive.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Just one comment before you talk about free cash flow. Joel, the way Dave has described that the way we think about the market is excluding glyphosate [ph]. So it's a very important call out because we don't play in that market, it's such a large market and such a commodity that when Dave referenced sort of our volumes against the market backdrop, you need to exclude glyphosate [ph], just to call that out. So Dave, over to you on free cash flow.
Chuck Magro: Yes, Jeff, it's Chuck. So I think Dave hit it but we've communicated this before, right, is the way we try to price for Seed is price for value. We have a big R&D machine. We're bringing out new hybrids every year. If you looked at some of our recent announcements, we've also brought out what we call our next-gen trade packages. I called out PowerCore actually in our prepared remarks but we also announced for Seed as well. So these are trade packages that are going to be very important for farmers in the next generation. Significant value creation will be there. And we'll certainly price for that. I'd also say that what it does and it helps a lot is it opens up the door for us to out-license this new technology. And maybe, Tim, you can talk a little bit about some of the progress we've seen even with Enlist.
Chuck Magro: Yes, Steve, great question on gene editing and what's happening in Europe. First of all, just to set the stage. So we believe that gene editing is sort of that next level of agricultural science, very powerful set of tools and has the potential to be more impactful to Seed development and crop development than BT [ph] was 25 years ago. So we're very excited. We've got a full-on R&D program and we are -- this is a space where we are increasing our investment in R&D. The EU proposed policy that came out early July, what I would say is a good start. It's a workable framework, I think, for the industry. It's going to take some time to get through the specifics and that they're on a time line, hopefully, to have clarity of the policy in, I'd say, in the next 1 to 2 years. But so far, what we see is a framework that is relatively connected to the rest of the policy landscape around the world. So what we're hoping is that we'll be able to have freedom to operate in the next 1 to 2 years and we are actively investing in a whole suite of gene editing products and tools. so that we will be ready when the market says that we can start putting these products into the ground. So it is a very exciting part of our overall future development. And I think that what we saw in Europe was a very good first step.
Tim Glenn: Frank. Yes, I appreciate the comments on success Enlist and how the year turned out. So in terms of market share, maybe a few thoughts here. So as we went -- as we came through the year, we felt -- we could sense obviously, we see customer level order activity and we knew that there was good momentum towards corn and felt like soy was definitely a little bit slower in terms of order and farmers' intentions had shifted a little bit. As we sit here right now, what I would say is very early to declare one way or another. At the time that the June 30 USDA report was included, I think there was still on the order of about 2-plus million acres of corn to be planted from farmers and something north of 6 million acres of soybeans still to be planted. So it opens the door for there to be revisions. We know the USDA will revise those over time. So given where we're at right now at the call it, the 83-plus million acres on soy and 94-plus million acres on corn. We'd be looking at a slight share gain with obviously very strong value capture on corn but that's at the current level of area. In terms of soy, again, we're -- I would have said I felt a little bit more comfortable with our order position throughout the year. It's actually quite a bit stronger of a share gain at that 83-plus million acres. So we feel good about how the year turned out. Clearly, from a value capture standpoint, it was outstanding. And from a volume standpoint, very satisfied at those levels. We're going to continue to look as the USDA revises here over the coming months. If there's material adjustments that made -- that are made that could impact the final share numbers. But that kind of summarizes how we look at share right now. We're not going to declare victory at this point in time but we feel good about where we sit.
Tim Glenn: Yes, absolutely. And I'd say David -- or Jeff, the way we think about '24 and '25 is getting more back to that traditional pricing metric where it's about new products that we bring in. We're constantly bringing in new varieties and hybrids into our lineup that bring more value and that opens the door for us to price. And as Chuck said, it's really exciting when you think about the out-license licensing opportunity. So just 4 years ago, we really didn't participate from a licensing standpoint. And as we sit here today, we've got 4 traits that we're able to license in the marketplace. So in Enlist E3, as we shifted made the significant shift this year into our proprietary [indiscernible] opens up the door for us not just to have the 100 trade licensees that are out there today but all of a sudden, we've got our own proprietary germplasm [ph] that are accessible. And we're making nice gains into that licensing. So in Enlist E3 soybeans in our own Corteva germplasm. In Latin America, we've got Conkesta E3 [ph] soybeans. And again, we're a couple of years out from our proprietary germplasm being there but we've got the most successful breeding organization in Latin America that is introducing varieties into the marketplace there. Chuck talked about PowerCore Enlist Refuge Advance and what that means to us. That is the largest segment of corn in North America that aboveground, insect protection with the integrated refuge. So all of a sudden, we have the opportunity to go out there and participate with our trade [ph]. And then on the smaller scale, we have optimally like canola which we got approval for, not again, not on the same scale as those other opportunities. But again, it allows us to leverage our investment in that technology and again, be able to go out there and generate good returns on that -- in that canola market. So it's an exciting time from an out-licensing standpoint in addition to our ongoing business in the brands.
Tim Glenn: Okay. A lot there and I'll take a shot to start off, Steve and good to hear from you today. So when you look at the '23 pricing, North America, obviously, very strong seed pricing overall. And in terms of how you think about it between corn and soy, it would have been driven more by corn than soy. The benefit we had in soy, I would say, is we upgraded a fair amount of our Enlist sales to our proprietary germplasm. So our A series varieties give us more opportunity, higher performing products, so it opened the door for more pricing opportunities on that side. So it was a combination of mix, if you want to think about it in terms of new products, new varieties as well as just flat out pricing for value and pricing performance across the board. So a good mix on both corn and soy [ph]. In terms of royalty neutrality, we're on track for our, call it, $250 million reduction that we've talked about between '22 and '25. The -- I guess, the overperformance, if you want to think about that this year, was driven by a couple of things here. First thing on the Enlist side is that we kind of overdelivered on a couple of fronts, if you will, from a U.S. business standpoint. We ended up with a higher level of our business of our mix and Enlist versus extend. So we're now at about [indiscernible]. That's a little bit higher than what we had planned for. In addition, the adoption of our proprietary germplasm was higher, we're a little over 80% on that side in terms of what our proprietary germplasm is for Enlist. So all those things coupled to allow us to, call it, convert a little bit faster. So it is -- in the end, we're going to -- we're going to be fully converted over here in the next few years. So the fact that we overperformed this year, you can think of it as an acceleration into 2023. And I think Chuck wanted to take the question around gene editing.
