Jeff Rudolph: Good morning. And welcome to Corteva's Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will begin with introductory remarks by Chuck Magro, Corteva 's newly appointed Chief Executive Officer, followed by an overview of the quarter and year-to-date financials from Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, And Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business platforms will the join the Q&A session. We've prepared presentation slides to supplemental remarks during the call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website.  And through the link to our webcast. During this call we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations for statements about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those discussed on this call. And the risk factors section of our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, we do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. On our Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings press release, and related schedules along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck, which is intended to supplement our prepared remarks for today's call. These items provide a reconciliation of differences between reported GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered a substitute to the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Corteva, Chief Executive Officer, Chuck Magro.
Jeff Rudolph: Thanks, Dave. Now, let's move onto your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Jeff Rudolph: building out our lineup, and ultimately, we've got to go out there and getting customer support, and drive adoption of the technology. So over time, no doubt this technology is going to drive incremental growth for us. It's going to greatly enhance our competitive position in the Latin America soybean market, which is important for us and we're excited to bring new choice to the marketplace.  And the marketplace is excited to have a new choice in terms of technology as well. And then overtime, we are also going to introduce this in other markets, such as Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay. So, it is something very important. We have not sized what we see the adoption rate as at this point in time, but understand it's a limited launch and it really is about establishing that technology and gaining support from our customers.
Jeff Rudolph: Thank you. We appreciate everyone joining the call today. And again, thank you for your interest in Corteva. Have a great and safe day. Thank you.
Chuck Magro: Thanks, Jeff. And thank you to all those joining us on the call and webcast today. I'm honored to be speaking with you after having spent the last several days getting to know the team. Before I provide some early perspective, let me first say thank you to Jim Collins, who is guiding me through the transition over the next several weeks. I have known Jim for a very long time and it is a privilege to build on the strong foundation he laid for long-term growth at Corteva, with culture and innovation at its core.  Now I recognize it's only day 4, so Dave will walk you through the quarterly results in the full-year outlook. But it's important for me to first share some thoughts on why I believe that this is an unparalleled opportunity to lead at Corteva. Starting first with the strength of the franchise, which I believe is an industry leader in terms of balance and differentiation. In my experience in this industry, I always admired and respected how Corteva worked so closely with farmers to consistently provide best-in-class technology to drive value.  And further the breadth and depth of Corteva portfolio is impressive as it scale reaches all parts of the globe in a competitively advantaged way. This is why I believe when combined with strong execution, Corteva can be the industry leader for years to come, which brings me to my second point, operational performance. This quarter's results attest to what this team has built at Corteva.  A commitment to operational excellence and efficiency has kept the Company's supply chains open in the midst of ongoing disruptions. And a culture focused on delivering for customers and keeping each other safe has kept the organization on track, meeting its commitments. This is another quarter of revenue and earnings growth, which are a direct result of the strong foundation this team has built over the past 2.5 years. Over the past few days, I've spent a lot of time listening to and learning from my team.  And I can already say this team is fully equipped to deliver on what we all know this Company is capable of. From the expertise of our commercial and operations teams to the deep capabilities of our R&D organization. It is abundantly clear to me that through the combination of the Company's strong culture and organizational strengths, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead. To summarize, tremendous assets, operational performance, and an excellent team, early a few things I am really excited about and what attracted me to this opportunity. I understand your expectations and I am confident we will deliver.  We have the IP, the commitment to operational excellence. And the customer relationships necessary to deliver long-term solutions to global issues, while serving the best interest of our shareholders. We will always continue to deliver innovative and productive solutions for farmers, expand opportunities for our employees, and build long-term value for our shareholders, all with sustainability as a priority. And with that, let me now turn it over to Dave, to take you through the results and the updates to our guidance.
Chuck Magro: And then finally, we have some commitments out there. We're going to deliver on those commitments. So, the execution of the strategic plan will become a very top priority. And if you've heard me talk before, I'm a very big believer in controlling what we can control. And that we really want to be known as the best operator in the industry. Because I think that that really complements our technology platform. So hopefully that gives you a bit of color of some of the initial impressions in some of the things that the Corteva team was already talking about, but will be of interest to me as well as I integrate myself with this wonderful team.
Chuck Magro: Fair, Joel. Nice to hear your voice again. Look, so the management -- I have confidence in the management team. I'll tell you that right now. The team did reaffirm the outlook, I was certainly involved in that. And I will tell you that there is a lot of focus across the Company throughout the world on those -- on the outlook numbers. And it is only day 4, I'll just remind you. I will plan to dig in on the fundamental assumptions from the ground up. Obviously, I haven't had time to do that, but I will say a couple of things. There is a lot of potential in this Company. There a lot of catalyst and leavers that are within the management teams control and that they are highly focused on, which will drive long-term value creation for shareholders. The other thing is look, we believe that the agricultural backdrop is still going to be quite positive as we enter 2022, we've got good planted acreage we expect in corn and soybeans next year, we're going to see increased acreage in Brazil.  I think that when we look at farmer economics, they are still very constructive. Your potash question, I'm going to keep to the side. But overall, we think that the backdrop for the egg markets are quite positive. And then if you look at what Corteva can do within it to control in terms of price,
Chuck Magro: Yes. Hi, Patrick. So, look, I'm going to have Rajan on talk to that because he will give you the details. From my vantage points obviously, we have some very unique technology in this area. It is a market that is growing. It's becoming more and more important when you think about it through a sustainability lens. It's quite an interesting market, but it requires unique science and technology to really deliver for customers. And I think Corteva is going to be a real winner in this area, and maybe Rajan you can talk about the specifics.
Chuck Magro: Kevin. Dave can take the question on cash and Rajan then we'll follow up with short stature corn. Go ahead, Dave.
Dave Anderson: Yes. Thanks for the question Vincent. And it's good to talk to you again. So, first of all, what I'd say is I'm really excited to be joining such a great Company and an awesome management team. You're right. So, I know Corteva. I know Corteva because they were a top tier supplier to the nutrient. And what I'd say to you though is in the last couple of days I've spent time with the Board of Directors, a lot of time with my team. And I have seen some of the operations already in just a short period of time, and certainly everything that I've seen is exceeding my expectations. So, my early impressions are extremely positive. I've had a good look at some of the elements of our technology pipeline. Obviously, I'm able to see it from a unique vantage point now. So, I had a peek under the hood and I will say that there is a growth engine here, a very impressive growth engine. The manufacturing footprint, when I look at it, probably the last 2 quarters have been the hardest in our industry in many, many years. And our supply chain is holding up with quite a bit of resiliency and that's because of the diversity that I've certainly seen. There will be focused areas of course, that I will start to talk to the team about.  But it is only day 4 for me, so I just want to say that I'm excited to be here and some of the areas that I'm going to work with the team on just to give you a sort of a flavor. Of course, our customers we're going to put them first. This Company has already done that but we have a unique set of advantages and core competencies with our technology and our supply chain and everything we do; we're going to put our customers first. Second is sustainability, climate change, reduction of acreage, things that really drive yields and improve performance for farmers. These are things that I think Corteva is uniquely positioned to, is to really drive the sustainability agenda for agricultural farming around the world.
Dave Anderson: Good. Yeah. So, Kevin, thanks very much. Good morning. So, on the cash flow, you'll recall, you may have referenced the previous cash map operation slide that we had or guide rather that we had of 12 to 16. We're now at 17 to 19. So reflects a couple of things, I think number 1, as you know, we have focused a lot on basic operational disciplines around [Indiscernible] cash and particularly on working capital. So, there's a portion of this, back to your structural, it's really related to that in both --
Dave Anderson: Yeah. I'll jump in there and talked about that in, and obviously our markets are very local. So, when we talk about CP pricing, I'll talk about it in aggregate basis and we report it in an aggregate basis, but we are pricing locally. It's based off individual product formulations and what their fit is in the marketplace. And our teams are focused on ensuring that we are as locally competitive, understanding that we've got these global headwinds that we're constantly dealing with. So, we are going to be dynamic.  And most of the world's, I'd say isn't such a driver of price. So, it is our differentiated products that our teams are focused on. And when we talk about that 3% year-to-date price increase, and when we talk about the mid-single-digit price increase that we've already implemented in the Northern Hemisphere for next year. That is across our new and differentiated products as well. So, it's something that we're going to continue to focus on. We will execute that locally knowing that we've got these global headwinds that we're dealing with.  And in terms of the contribution from new products going forward, it's been a huge part of what's helped us continue to perform above-market on the crop protection side. And in most parts of the world and will be again in 2022. So, we've got a robust pipeline. We've got great new products like Isoclast and Arylex and Zorvec, which are continuing to accelerate their growth pattern. We continue to get new registrations literally every month -- we're getting new registrations and so new products will be a very important part of our 2022 plan.
Dave Anderson: higher cost of goods sold. And by the way, again, just emphasize, we've increased that seed cost of goods sold in the range of $250 to $300 million now, so that's very important. And on crop, we expect to continue the momentum we've seen in 2021. But very importantly as 2 really important things here, number 1 is the market-driven inflation in logistics costs. Again, I'm going to just underscore that we anticipate to be at least a $150 million and we've seen this progression over the course of 2021, obviously. And we expect supply chain challenges to continue just to underscore that through 2022. So, these are some of what we see is sort of the balance against that constructive backdrop. And the strength of what we're bringing to the marketplace, and our ability to continue to drive, if you will value pricing in the marketplace. So, we're going to get into those details. As I said, when we release our fourth quarter earnings, 2021 will provide more specific guide. But it's really call it down the middle there in terms of the set of positives and constructive setup, what we're bringing to the table. And then this, if you will inflation impacts that we're seeing in the very dynamic nature of that. So, we appreciate your question, look forward to that uptake when we can provide more details.
Rajan Gajaria: Sure, Chuck and thank you for the question, Patrick, when we think about the opportunities in the biologics business, the first message I want to leave with you is, we see this as an indicatively with the rest of our crop protection business. So, I think that the strength of our Crop Protection franchise, coupled with very, we're headed with biologics is the reason for our optimism. A strategy I would say, I will explain 3 prongs to it. The first part is in licensing very unique technology.  And our team has worked to get more than ten of these signed up in the last 12 months where a lot of our optimism is coming from. And these are global companies from Israel, France, Brazil, Spain, to name a few. Very strong in-licensing. The second thing we are working on is we've got a very strong commercial organization, which I know you are familiar with. We're working to build capabilities within our commercial organizations, supply chain, formulation and packaging.  And last but not the least, R&D to continue to supplement the in-licensing technologies that we get. And with that Jeff onboard now we will continue to explore opportunities to have bolt-on acquisitions with the support from the board to see how we can further accelerate. So really very exciting space for us, we do have a very strong franchise in the natural products that you're familiar with, the spin-off and franchises already more than $800 million. We are familiar with this space and really looking forward to seeing how further launches will help but continue to accelerate the growth.
Rajan Gajaria: Sure. I'll take that. Kelvin, good morning. This is Rajan. Kevin, thank you for your question on short nature of [Indiscernible] when you think about the whole of breeding engine that Corteva has, as you know, Corteva has the best jump blossom. In the world. The whole pool of jump blossom that we have, is something that we continue to build on. Innovation and expenditures that we have on breeding is the strongest investment that we make in our seed business. There is multiple tools that we have in the breeding area.  Short stature gone is definitely one of the areas that We have focused on, but not limited to. We have a very strong history of growing the yield improvements that it's 1.5 to 2% year-over-year of not only getting the yield improvements, but also extracting value from that. Looking forward to sharing some more details with you in some future innovation Dave, but Chuck [Indiscernible] is on the list of things that we continue to innovate it. And we're looking forward to sharing the progress.
Rajan Gajaria: Thank you, Michael, I'll take that this is a Rajan Gajaria, so first and foremost, just taking a step back, the overall adoption of the Enlist system really continues to meet our expectations the demand at the grower level across the U.S. is really very strong. And as we think about our own jump blossom, we've got a very strong pipeline of new products coming through. Most of them are going to start hitting in '23, '24, but we will start making an impact in 2022.  The germplasm is going to continue to grow within the Corteva germplasm as the trade gets integrated into our own portfolio. That said, I think the overall adoption is going to be higher than what we had said in 2021. As you know, we had expected about 30% and we grew to more than 35. And looking at the 2022 setup, we continue to see that continuing to grow. Some of the challenges that we have had in the south with dicamba continues to be a challenge of but when we look at the Enlist Herbicide performance of, I think we continue to get encouraged there.  The south is lagging in terms of adoption. But as we continue to work on the different varieties, how they're available, and we talk about the dicamba challenges. I'm very optimistic that we will be able to make some progress there too. The bigger issue in the South as I'm sure you're familiar, Michael is more about the entrenched dicamba capabilities that harvest. And as we work through some of those things, I think we will get to where we need to relate it to Enlist adoption.
Rajan Gajaria: Hi Frank. This is Rajan, I'll take that. I believe this is related to the whole value capture from a carbon perspective, but we're really excited about the relationship that we have gotten within Indigo. We had a pilot program plan for getting 200,000 acres this year. And we are going to exceed that. But as you think about sustainability and as we think about ways the whole value proposition for farmers is going to go. It's too early to say this is what the price of carbon is going to be. And that really is going to be one of the biggest assumptions that there is.  But the technology that Corteva brings from a digital standpoint. will help to make sure that we are tracking the behaviors that the farmers are going to change. The partnership with Indego brings capabilities that they have in terms of measuring the actual impact and get all this validated with third-party bodies in there. So, we're really excited about the possibilities and creating more of opportunities for a farmer customers to get additional revenue. Too early to comment on what the financial impact of that is, given the infancy of where we are trend.
Rajan Gajaria: Yes. Hi, this is Rajan. I think taking a step back, we'll talk about our seed neutrality journey, we will continue to be on track for that. The seed royalty reduction in 2022 will be in the similar ballpark to what we have done in 2021. Give or take around $50 million. But the important thing is that, all the element in-play for us to continue to work with the royalty reduction. Are there of which is the Enlist adoption that we have been talking about is a big part of it. So that's how we look at royalties for 2022.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Thanks. David, good question. So, on soybean market, we've been talking about this for a number of years, the markets have been competitive and they remain very competitive. But I think when you look at where we're at, we've got -- we've had very good momentum. And I'll speak on a global standpoint, from a seed standpoint, we've been able to capture about 3% year-to-date globally on seeds and in some segments, even more like corn, where we were about 4% global year-to-date.  We have launched our pricing in most of the Northern Hemisphere including soybeans, and consistent with the past, we are taking the leadership position in terms of capturing value for our strong product performance. And as always, it's a strong -- it's a very competitive marketplace, no doubt about it. And we will -- we're going to continue to execute against our strong value proposition. We have a strong, disciplined organization in terms of managing our pricing process and the feedback on our products.  We're in the middle of harvest still, But feedback on product performance has been very good from a genetic standpoint. And the demand for E3 platform is extremely strong. So, we're feeling good about where we sit. And as always, we'll deal with the competition. When you think about CP pricing and where we're at there, we've been working hard to build a strong execution capability on pricing there as well. And throughout the year, we've been very proactive to ensure that we're capturing value for our technology and also helping to mitigate the inflationary pressures that are out there.  And I would say that we've been I think on the leading edge from an industry standpoint, probably first-mover as soon as the first quarter of this year in terms of repricing to try to manage to those escalating prices. For commodity products like glyphosate, that's very dynamic. And we're going to continue to price that on an ongoing basis. And really focus on ensuring that we offset all the inflationary cost pressures that we're seeing there. Excluding glyphosate, we've been able to capture about 3% year-to-date on across our crop protection portfolio.  In some categories, on our most differentiated products like the [Indiscernible] were up about 8% year-to-date, which is really outstanding. And we're going to be proactive. We are going to be strategic as we wrap up 2021. And then as we set the stage for 2022, we've already implemented pricing for most of the Northern Hemisphere in 2022. And again, our expectation, as Dave said earlier, that we've implemented roughly mid-single-digit pricing across most of our portfolio in North America. And we're going to continue to focus on that, continued to remain very disciplined. And obviously, as we work through and deal with more pressures, we're going to continue to offset those as they come forward.
Tim Glenn: Sure. I'll jump really quickly on the Zekauskas questions. So obviously. We were very excited in August when we were able to announce that we received authorization from the European Union that enabled grain from Conkesta E3 to be exported for food and feed use. So as a result, we have a limited launch of Conkesta E3 right now in Brazil. Farmers are able to plant product for the 2021, '22 season, so it's an important step forward. What I would reinforce though is it's really not a meaningful financial impact as we look at '21 or '22 as we are working on ramping up production,
Tim Glenn: Yes. Thanks, Steve. And where we're sitting right now is, I would characterize this as kind of the middle part of our booking season in North America. We go out and see customers, call it September 1st, more or less, is when we begin to move in the marketplace and that booking period really extends through the end of the calendar year. And so, we will expect by that time to have the majority, nearly all of our order position in place by the end of the year. We're in that middle position right now.  And I'd say that orders are tracking well with where we would expect to be right now for both corn and soybeans. In terms of technology shifts, If anything, I would say that Enlist E3 demand on the pioneer side is running a little bit stronger than maybe what we had originally planned as we came into the year. In terms of the acre mix between corn and soy. I think it's very preliminary and way too early to make a call based off of our orders.  Right now, customers are going to go through the next several months and really have to figure out on an individual basis what, what their crop mix will be. And Dave made the comments about where we see the market going into next year, roughly a 180 million planted acres between corn and soy in the U.S. that's there. And right now, when you look at the corn soy ratio, it's about 2 to 7, which isn't so, which is actually pretty neutral I'd say on a year-over-year basis, but it feels like the economics are saying that we could trend a little bit more towards soybeans in terms of that 180 mix than last year, can't call it off the order position.  I'd say the corn technology mixers consistent with what we would expect it to be. Farmers have been planting high-technology seeds and continue to want to do that. And really, I'd say where we sit today really supports what Chuck and Dave already talked about in terms of our setup for 22% in terms of good healthy markets and also very strong demand for our technologies.
Tim Glenn: Yeah. John, I'll take. In terms of that element, I would say Latin America clearly has been benefiting from good, strong, healthy economy as well as that impact for new product technology. I don't think you can lay it only on that because actually we've got -- we've had some good technology adoption in Asia-Pacific as well. So good, strong product introductions, it really comes down to where we sit in those local markets and again, we are dealing in very competitive markets and actually on a year-to-date basis, APAC is not flat there are more like 2% year-to-date, so we do have some growth there as well.  So, I would say it's the markets themselves, it's the timing of when we would have executed the sale. And of course, that is very dynamic. Latin America is certainly more weighted towards the second half of the year. And we would have taken more pricing actions. I would say at to help mitigate some of the inflationary pressures that we've seen as the year develop and been able to realize that from a Latin standpoint, but I wouldn't say it's only because of the product mix or anything like that. I think it's -- could be timing and then that local competitive situation that you're facing in those markets.
