Kim Booth: Good morning and welcome to Corteva's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today's presentation, we'll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thank you, Dave. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A.  Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Kim Booth: Okay. And that concludes today's call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day. Thank you.
Robert King: Sure. Thanks, Dave. Yes, looking at the Crop Protection business, the cost inflation and supply disruptions continue to be fairly widespread. And as Dave said, at this point, we don't see a whole lot of improvement into 2023, although we're -- we've learned and we're in a better position to manage those into the future. That said, our track record of pricing our products based on the value that they add to the farmer plus the productivity, I would say, has been relentless with our teams is more than offsetting the cost increases and will continue to do so. We fully expect this momentum to carry us into 2023. As Dave said, 2022, we've seen inflation in the low teens. And -- but we do expect this to stabilize in the Crop Protection area as we begin to lap quarters. From the higher inflation rates we saw earlier, it will begin to stabilize a little bit. But I want you to take away that we're deploying every tool that we possibly can to manage cost and inflations. And our most effective tool is technology. And when you begin to look at -- our technology drives farm productivity, allowing the farmers to make more yield and offset the cost inputs that they have already coming out, such as gas fuel and fertilizer prices. We do see a continued strong demand for this latest technology, that will continue to help the farmers as we move into 2023, and we think we're in a good position to be able to handle it.
Robert King: Yes. And then from the Crop Protection, just a little more specifics on the glyphosate exit. This really falls into what we shared at our Investor Day back in September, where we talked about one of the key pillars to our strategy is portfolio differentiation. And glyphosate is not one of those that fits that model. When you look at where we are today, this differentiated portfolio is going to continue to be led by improved market penetration by these new products. And that's going to be a key piece of us as we move forward. These sales can be around $2 billion this year. And we expect these to continue to grow in the high teens, low 20s this next year. Glyphosate is part of this exit plan of 20% of our AIs over time. And this is one of the first ones that you see moving out. The revenue number of that, around $300 million this next year, is what we'll lose to answer a specific question there. And from a margin standpoint, it's just part of that differentiation driving our margins better. We expect to have a favorable impact to the bottom line because of it.
Robert King: Yes. When you look at -- back to your question around the new products, we had shared earlier that we have about 8 new products out on the market since 2017 and 2 more to come over the next couple of years. This new technology, as I referenced earlier, is really being driven by the demand. It's helping the growers and -- attack challenges that they've not been able to in the past. And so we expect that to continue as we move forward. As Dave said, the glyphosate is one of the first ones the exit are announced. And the Methomyl ex-Brazil, outside of Brazil, was the other one that we've announced. We have others that will follow in 2023 that will have similar impacts, thus the headwinds that we think we will have on the revenue as we move forward on -- in 2023. But overall, this is -- again, this is part of our strategy as we move forward to shift our portfolio, to improve our margins and to get us to the goals that Chuck laid out for 2025.
Robert King: Jeff, when you think about pricing in Crop Protection, yes, you're spot on. It is different from Seed. But it's something that we do plan for. It's not something that we're reacting to, but we plan for into the future. And when you look at what we've been able to do so far, it's really about the strategy around our differentiated products, plus the adoption that we're seeing by farmers supports this value proposition that we've seen. We don't see that changing as we move into 2023. Our track record of pricing for the products -- pricing for value is something that, coupled with our relentless productivity, it has been able to help us offset the rising inflationary costs from raw materials. We don't see raw materials slowing this next year or we see them stabilizing, but we see it will continue to increase. And so we'll have to continue to work on that as well. But as you look at the year, we're up 13% on pricing on a year-over-year basis, and we expect that momentum to carry us through into next year as well. Specific to your question around how do you think about it. There's 3 buckets that we think about when we begin to talk about pricing in Crop Protection. It's differentiated products. It's next best alternative products, and it's those that are close generic. The differentiated products is one that is really a core to our strategy, and that's where we're shifting the portfolio towards because this is a non-elastic, less price-sensitive because this is a true value-add to the grower. It actually helps improve the yield on a per-acre basis. The next best alternative is ones we began to think about. There are a few more substitutes available than the differentiated, so it's a little bit more elastic. But it's still far from the generics, which gets us back to that close generic. Those we're going to have to manage with the market and the commodity price nature there. But overall, our increase in differentiated products is one that over time will put us in a good position as it comes to how we extract value from the market. And as Chuck talked about in biologicals earlier, this also plays out into our overall shift of this portfolio to become more differentiated and to get ready for the future. So hope that helps.
Robert King: Yes. Just to add to that, Steve, when you think about our platform in the CP side, we are still the only Enlist manufacturer for the herbicide that can go on the top of these beans as well. So that will give us some uplift there as well depending on how this plays out.
Chuck Magro: Yes, David. Look, obviously, we're at the point where we're looking pretty deeply at 2023. And let me just give you sort of our current thinking. So first of all, we think 2023 is going to be a very similar year and set up for -- as 2022 was. And we think Corteva -- based on some of the early decisions we've made in 2022, we're feeling pretty good about 2023. I think the bottom line to take away is that we feel that we're on track to deliver that value-creation plan that we outlined in September. Now there's puts and takes, right? So the macroeconomic environment, we talked already about inflation today. We're watching that very carefully. Dave and Robert gave you our view there. The other headwind we clearly see coming at us is global currencies. And Dave can talk more about that. But the ag fundamentals are very constructive. We've got low inventories, below-trend yields, high crop pricing. This sets up the ag economy very, very well for 2023. We need rain. So we're not going to talk too much about the weather today. But North America, Latin America and even Europe, they all need rain. So assuming that we get some rain over the next several months, we're thinking that the ag economy is quite strong. And then for Corteva, just to take you back to September, the value-creation plan that we put in place within that backdrop of the market context, a lot of those levers are within our control. So we're going to see the first meaningful step of royalty neutrality in 2023, and we can talk more about that. We're going to see continued growth in our new CP products. They're adding a lot of value on the farm. We've got the new Spinosyns capacity coming online. And there's more portfolio moves that we will announce as we make those decisions, all within this context of this 3-year journey that we laid out. So we're feeling pretty good, even though there are some headwinds facing the organization in the industry, but we think we're pretty well positioned.
Chuck Magro: Sure. Kevin. So look, if you step back and you think about the landscape from a Crop Protection perspective, you can just see that the world is looking for nature-based, biological-based products to have biocontrol, biostimulants, bionutritional products as part of the overall portfolio. As we said in September, we don't see this replacing traditional chemistry. So I want to be clear on that. But by the time we get to 2035, we do believe that the biologicals will be a significant part of the overall CP portfolio, and we're calling it about 25%. We've got a very robust internal R&D and innovation program around biologicals, and that work is proceeding very well. We're increasing our R&D investments in this area quite rapidly. But as we called out in today's call but also in September, we also feel that M&A will be an important part of this journey to build a world-class biologicals business inside of our CP portfolio. And the Symborg acquisition was one of the first ones that we've pulled the trigger on right now. We do have a portfolio of other opportunities that we're looking at. But if you look at Symborg, they're a leader -- a global leader in microbial products. We know the company. We know the products. We've had this distribution agreement I referred to with them. They have phenomenal skill set. And they're based in the right part of the world. They're based in Europe, where I think biologicals, the market's going to lead. The European market will lead a biological journey. So we -- there's a lot to like there. And I guess, to answer your question specifically, what's next, I guess stay tuned. We're going to use M&A to accelerate our R&D innovation and development and to get access to the market. That's how we're going to use M&A. Now let me just be clear, though, we do have a phenomenal internal program going on right now. We reviewed the portfolio just a few weeks ago. And there's lots of exciting things there, which we will share with you over time.
Chuck Magro: Yes. And then, Steve, just the big picture is we're expecting in 2023 about $100 million of royalty reduction. So this is the first year where you're going to see meaningful value creation from the technology. And as -- obviously, as the market continues to be penetrated, we expect that number to grow to approximately $250 million by 2025. So really good value creation in the next 3 years on the Enlist technology platform.
Tim Glenn: This is Tim. I'll take a shot at this. So in terms of soybeans in general, farmers can and do see some variation in fields for any kind of soybeans. And the soybean-grading process allows for that color variation. The varieties respond differently to the environment. Certainly, there's a genetic component and other factors play in as well. In the case of Enlist E3 soybeans, color variation can show up as a light brown shadow on seed coat on the side of the hilum. And the variation is from natural compounds, and it's on the seed coat and does not impact nutritional composition or quality. We continue to answer questions and inquiries that come up, and we're very much connected to processors and end users as well as our channel partners and farmer customers. Demand for the technology remains strong, and farmers continue to get full value from the technology. And the grain is accepted in the marketplace. So there is no widespread discounting on Enlist soybeans. So I do want to reinforce that. And clearly, farmers continue to support the technology. The technology will continue to grow, and we're out there and quite active and visible in terms of answering questions or inquiries that may come up.
Tim Glenn: Yes. I mean in terms of the Roundup Ready technology, I mean it is an integral part of our trade offerings today and will continue to be so. There's no -- certainly no intent to alter that. And it remains a technology that's highly valued by our customers, and they get great utility from it. And I think the other thing that plays into it is, as Chuck implied, farmers have a lot of choices on from where they source glyphosate. And there was really no, I'd say, direct linkage in terms of what we were supplying on the Crop Protection side and what we supplied on the Seed. They were very separate offers, and there was no incentive for -- really for a customer to purchase our glyphosate brand versus any other brand. And so from a Seed standpoint, it's steady as we go, and we'll continue to support the technology across multiple crops.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Steve, good to hear from you this morning. Obviously, we're wrapping up another strong season with Enlist and very outstanding performance of both the herbicide program. And as we roll through harvest, varieties that we had in the marketplace are performing well and strong satisfaction with our customers this year despite really variable yield levels and some challenging environmental conditions. And as you say, 2023 is a very important year for us because it's when our proprietary genetics really kick in and will have an impact. And what I would tell you is, in terms of our licensing focus right now, we see that as a very important longer-term opportunity. In the near term, it's most important that we convert our own branded business to our proprietary varieties. And so we're in that process right now. As you say, it's going to be a major ramp up this year. So I wouldn't expect in the immediate future to jump on or think about licensing opportunities as first priority. But as we convert over our own branded business, which is substantial, we have a major share of the market both in the Pioneer brand and our other brands. It's going to open the door for us to, I think, really participate and have a strong position in that licensing opportunity.
Tim Glenn: Yes. In terms of specifically in the Latin America seed supply, Frank, we're -- season is progressing well. And we've seen the timely planning of soybeans in central and north part of Brazil, and that's favorable for the upcoming safrinha season. And typically, the planning initiate in January. We've talked for a little while now about the tight seed supply, and it's based off of many factors. And it's really going to impact the first half of 2023. In terms of our ability to serve the market in the fourth quarter, we feel comfortable with that. But it's going to be a tight supply as we get into the, call it, the mid- to later part of the safrinha season, and we're working closely with our customers on that. So the production challenges, we're left with less inventory than we'd like. The focus for this season is certainly around capturing value more than volume in the marketplace, and I want to emphasize that. So team is extremely focused on capturing value there. We're going to rebuild our inventories as we move into Brazil. The bulk of our sales are certainly in the second half of 2023, and the focus is on getting back to a comfortable level of inventory by mid-year so we're going to be able to meet full demand in the second half of 2023. So I think on a full year basis, will be recovered and actually will be -- you're not going to feel an impact even though there might be some timing differences from what we would have seen in prior years.
Tim Glenn: Josh, it was just a couple of months ago that we had to signal what the new potential was, so we raised it. And obviously, we're in the discovery phase of what the opportunity is. So I can't say we have an update to what that is. Clearly, it's going to be depending upon a number of factors, some of which we control, some of which we don't control. But the important thing is that as we go into 2023, we expect Enlist E3 to be the majority or the top-selling technology in that very important soybean seed market. So that's a very significant milestone that we're reaching. And again, based off of performance of the technology and the system, Seed and Crop Protection, I think the market is going to determine that. But we're comfortable with that 60% today. And certainly, as we go forward, we believe we're going to have very strong genetics. We know we'll have very strong genetics from us and other providers in the marketplace. And there's no better crop protection system in the marketplace. So we feel comfortable about what our long-term perspective is -- or long-term opportunity is there.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Maybe I'll take a shot at this to start off with. And so as we look at 2023, obviously -- and from a North America perspective, it's early. But we expect that there's going to be that approximately 180 million acres of corn and soy that will be planted. That will be slightly up from a year ago as we certainly hope that we don't have a repeat of the prevent plant area that we saw this year, which was above what we would typically see. And when we talk about why the market's favoring or tilting towards corn, we're really basing it off of the market fundamentals. And the thing I always come back to is take the November '23 soybean price and divide that by the December '23 corn price, and that ratio is really indicative of where farmers' profitability is. And right now, that ratio is at about 2.15 to 2.2, moving around every day. But that is in a bullish range for corn. And it's actually probably the most favorable we've seen for corn in several years. So that's our signal right there. In terms of getting to the finer points of what are customers signaling, I'd say, hard to base it off of the book of orders we have right now. We're out there in the marketplace with customers and helping them make those decisions. We're talking about what their intentions are and booking seed for next season. But farmers are going to step back, and they're going to continue to monitor several things. I mean first is -- and Chuck talked about it earlier, the weather is going to be a factor. And we got a long way to go before customers plant a crop. And so I certainly don't see this as a barrier right now. But it is dry right now, and we need to get closer to normal precipitation through this winter so that we can be in better condition for all crops as we go forward. So farmers will continue to look at that. And certainly, farmers are going to follow the markets and what the relative profit opportunity is for each crop. And that is a very farmer-by-farmer decision that they have to make. And the types of shifts we're talking about, we're talking about a couple of percent shifting one way or another here. So it's subtle and it's hard to feel it en masse. You really have to look at it on an individual customer basis to see where that's going. But we're going to continue to be with our customers every step of the way from now until that crop goes in the ground. And as they make their hybrid and variety decisions, we'll be partnering with them. But that's kind of what the motivation is why we talk about the market tilting towards corn right now.
