Greg Friedman: Yes. Thanks David. This is Greg. You're right. In August, we updated our midterm targets for 2020 and included some expectations related to North America. Related to that we’re monitoring several factors that will influence our 2020 outlook. But we feel that that $250 million is still a reasonable estimate. We're still planning on things like cost synergies, additional productivity, new products consistent with our indications in August and we're closely monitoring some elements here that we considered headwinds such as currency, trade negotiations, channel inventories, planted area, regulatory actions and things like that. There is a couple other elements here that I think would be helpful like – like maybe Rajan you can provide some color on seed production.
Greg Friedman: Absolutely. Thanks, Jeff. This is Greg. So yes, when you look at our SG&A line on the income statement there are some non-operating costs included in that line item. So those non-operating costs in fact are up year-over-year and those are costs that are specifically related to our discontinued businesses. There are things like increased litigation costs or increased costs related to remediation – environmental remediation. So if you take – if you take that piece out, we're relatively flat to slightly up as you said in SG&A and the key driver of that in the third quarter is commissioned. Commissions are variable based on our revenue. So in particular proceed to see, so with our seed revenues going up on as significantly as they did in the third quarter, there's a proportional element that increased our commission expense. There's also another component of commissions that that did increase as well and that is some competitive rate increases that we implemented earlier at the beginning of this year to bring our commission structure up to market rates. So if you take those increases yet you also take into account the cost savings that we executed relative to our synergy. And then also on some reductions that you see on the corporate line item, net-net SG&A for the quarter was about flat to slightly up.
Greg Friedman: Great. And then related to receivables, I would characterize our current receivables position in Latin America today is on track with our expectations as we – as we're monitoring and focusing on collections right now. Our past dues year-over-year are better and in fact we are seeing our bad debt write-offs this year to be better than our expectations. So I would characterize that – just to be cautiously optimistic here I would characterize that absolutely as on track even though we are trending a little bit better right now.
Jim Collins: David, its Jim. Obviously complex market that we're looking towards, I think Greg did a nice job of summarizing all the elements. I'll reinforce that pipeline delivery going forward. You've heard a lot about from, we’ll have a list out there. We're ramping up the products we launched this year, like Pyraxalt in Asia and Zorvec in Europe and Isoclast our newest insecticide. All the items that we've talked about probably the one area that that will have the biggest impact on 2020 will obviously be planted area. And so maybe to close off this question, maybe ask Tim to just give a little insight on what we're seeing out there in the field around kind of expectations for 2020.
Jim Collins: Yes. Chris thanks for the question. As we said earlier obviously, we're monitoring a number of factors as we head into 2020. The first of those that Greg mentioned, and others asked about is the – kind of the way that the recovery in the market in North America. So first and foremost, you have to acknowledge, 2019 was an unprecedented year we have not seen in the industry in a long time. So as we more normalize and move into 202, we'll expect to see a lot of that come back. And that's in our core market. It's in North America. It's where we have our largest lineup. And so obviously, it affected us disproportionately than – and our business around the world. If you then strip out North America and look at rest of the world, 2019 has been an extraordinary year. Year-to-date, we've got our – different regions are – like Europe, Asia, Latin America they're all up organically 7%. We've got insecticides growth. Our entire insecticide portfolio year-to-date is up 9%. So you strip out just what happened in North America and you can really see the energy and the momentum in the rest of the world and behind the scenes. On top of that, and as we said, going into 2020 we're going to carry – continue to carry through on the cost synergy momentum that we've had. We have good line of sight and visibility as well as additional productivity actions that we have taken to really respond to the market conditions that are going on, so we can be in a better position to support our customers. And then third on that list is new products, where you've heard Tim talk about Enlist. We're excited about that lineup now, really hitting that hard. We'd expect Enlist to grow to be about 10% of the overall market. We've got chrome coming in; there's been a nice lift on chrome. And then there's a lineup of Crop Protection products like Arylex in Europe, one of the strongest new herbicides being launched in cereals, Rinskor for rice, Isoclast and Zorvec in specialty crops that are doing really well. So that pipeline has to be the third marquee element of that. So a recovery in North America, continued great momentum on cost synergies and additional productivity actions and then our new product pipeline. As we take a step back from the income statement and really look at where we're going to sit with our balance sheet, obviously, we've got a strong commitment to returning cash to shareholders. And we talked a lot about that in the past around the dividend announcement, but also a continued commitment as we go forward around an appropriate amount of share repurchases. So I think that is a pretty compelling story as to why Corteva's a great vote here going forward.
Jim Collins: Yeah, I'll start. Again, Tim, he will close to this day to day. But, yes, we did have a slightly elevated level of replants in there year-over-year probably more replant in beans than we had in corn. But when you exclude the effects of replant, the pricing was about flat year-over-year. So and then on Latin America, Tim, I’ll let you to comment.
Jim Collins: Thanks. Thanks Jonas. Clearly, as Tim mentioned earlier, we watched that soybean to corn price ratio really closely because over the years that we've been watching this, there is an indifference point where the economics and the value of those two crops sort of balance. And so, as we see pricing differences, we see that ratio swing and we watch demand swing with that for corn. So, right now, the scenario that's out there to best data that we really have, the USDA estimates around yield, but also USDA estimates around intended planting for 2020. I would say that we will see a little bit more corn and we'll see maybe the balance one third, two thirds more of those acres that Tim mentioned coming back in to soybeans. So if you saw a big swing in price, more towards corn. You'd see growers respond to that. The way our portfolio sits today on a net margin basis, as we've said many times before, our profitability would favor stronger corn acres than soybean acres, but we're really starting to change that equation. You start to think about the penetration that we will have with Enlist going forward as we've added other products to our portfolio, the A series soybeans and the relative performance that we're having on that portfolio and our ability to price for the value that we deliver, it's starting to moderate that margin different slightly. So we're just going to put ourselves in a position to respond to the market with however it get turns out and we'll be ready depending on those two scenarios.
Jim Collins: And Steve, I'll just maybe want to – I just clarify additional comment. The announcement that we made today is not the first expansion that we've had in that portfolio, almost the day of merge, the opportunity in our insecticides space was obvious to us as a leadership team. And so, this is another now succession or installment of capacity to carry us out now well into the 2020s, but thanks to some of those early steps. If we looked since merge, we've grown our Spinosyns portfolio by 27% through the end year of 2019. And if I just kind of look at the plans that we're talking about and have in place going into 2020, I mean, we're going to be up 50% from where we were at merge with that complex of Spinosad and Spinetoram. So, I could be prouder of the team and how we're executing. And clearly market demand is there for this chemistry that that really occupies a very nice space in the market. So we're going to keep driving it hard as we go forward.
Jim Collins: So, thank you all for your questions. I did want to close with an update on the Chemours litigation. As you know, Corteva and DuPont jointly filed a motion to dismiss. We expect the matter to be fully briefed by November 8 subject to oral arguments that are really yet to be scheduled. A decision on our request for that dismissal should follow shortly thereafter. And as we've said before, we believe that claims made by Chemours are without merit and that Corteva will vigorously defend against the claims in the complaint, uphold our rights that were specified under the separation agreement. So with that, I want to thank you all for joining our call today.
Tim Glenn: Thanks, Jim and good morning David. Well, as we look at 2020 in terms of the planted area in North America, I think the expectation we should have is that we'll return two more of a normal level and so that that would imply something in the neighborhood of about 11 million acres that would come back into production on corn and soy. And from that point when you determine the next critical thing is the mix between corn and soy. And so where we monitor closely the ratio between soybeans and corn prices – commodity prices and today that sit somewhere in the neighborhood of around 2.4. And at that level it would imply that somewhere in the neighborhood of about one-third of that around 11 million acres would come back into corn with the balance going into soybean. So now note that is very dynamic and that’s changing every day and over the course of weeks or months and between now and planting that can vary quite a lot and that's one of the real key indicators that we're looking at. So today that would – that's the implications we see. We monitor it every day and we'll continue to do that all the way until farmers make their final decisions.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Joel on the pricing, obviously it is value driven and that we're in the time of the year, right now where farmers are evaluating the products that they use this past year with delayed harvest that probably take a little bit longer than we typically see. And at the end of the day, they're going to evaluate what their best options are. We price for value. Our approach this year is to have roughly flat on soybeans, and that is the combination of some existing products in our lineup that maybe flat with year-over-year or possibly adjusted down a little bit, and then new varieties that come into our lineup really driving some upside and pricing opportunity. So it's a highly competitive market, no question. We're very blessed that we've got a strong portfolio of products in both the pioneer and multichannel brands. We've got the – I feel very confident that we are setting the pace in terms of product performance on the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend segment. We've got extremely strong demand for Enlist E3 technology and those Enlist E3 products are priced comparable to our leading varieties. And so it's a combination of many things primarily mixed driven that’s going to allow us to hold price as we move into 2020. But you're exactly right. It's a highly competitive market as it always is and farmers are going to make their choice based off of what delivers the most value to them.
Tim Glenn: No, I think you touched on it well, Jim. I mean, I – what I would highlight is, Vince, and I think the point is, you have to have strong product performance and you have to be able to go out and execute, and the two go together. And in the year like this, I mean, as we went through the entire call, the selling season up to the point of planning. We had very strong demand for products. And so coming off a really strong performance in 2018, we carried a lot of momentum on the product side, a lot of energy from our sales team. And so, we felt very good about where we were prior to sort of the season breaking and chaos ensuing. I think the fact that we were able to be there, our route model is definitely working in our advantage, our ability to go out there and serve customers as they were dealing with some of the adversity, potentially changing from one maturity to another at corn, evaluating other crop options that hustle, that execution definitely made a difference. And I think that it helped to translate into a strong finish for the year. What we carry into 2020? To me I think that those actions that we made this spring and into the summer that strengthens the relationship. We expect the customers are going to have a very positive experience with our product. Again, you know, coming off that high-level of service. We believe it's sustainable. And we have longstanding relationships with farmer customers and this only builds off of that. So it was a tough year at times. It felt like our sales team was not making a lot of progress just because so many changes and so much uncertainty, but tough year is when you really strengthen those relationships. And given that with our product performance really excited about what we carry into 2020.
Tim Glenn: Yes, just to, kind of, close the door on the replants, I mean, this is a customary program that we would have in place to ensure that our customers are getting the most value out of our products. We ensure that they get a good stand. And I'd say it's – while there's different variations in the industry, fairly standard across the board and it can vary quite a lot between year-over-year. And what we saw this year more or less on corn was about a 10% increase versus the five year average. And then on soybeans, as Jim said, we were – we saw more replant. It was more or like 30% above what that five year average was. And if you look back at the season and obviously not surprising considering the weather counts as we had. And I would say in Latin America, a couple things that are driving our ability to price. One would be, we've got very strong performance and we've been able to effectively establish the Brevant brand and positioned the Pioneer brand appropriately, so very good overall product performance. And then we're getting a strong benefit from the continued increase in utilization of new technologies like PowerCore Ultra and our Leptra hybrid. So it's a combination of mix. It's a combination of strong performance. And I think again, very good momentum that we're hearing in the marketplace in both Brazil and Argentina. So it's really a Latin American story, not strictly a Brazil story.
Tim Glenn: Hey, morning Don. A question on safrinha obviously, we look at that very closely as well in terms of the progress. That's one of the key indicators on how that safrinha season is going to go. And we got to look at two elements there. One is the area what gets planted and the second element is around technology that they're going to employee. So, we're monitoring that closely. And I'd say it's probably too early to call whether there is a major technology shift. I think at the area level, I don't think we're at risk in terms of seeing a reduced area for maybe what the original intentions were. So I feel pretty good about that. And in terms of the technology employed that probably will end up being more of a 2020 type issue because of the fact that that first planted safrinha seed will still be with our strongest hybrids of the highest technology. So, what we would typically move into customers hands in December of 2020 – December 2019 will be planted in a window where they should be able to get really good performance and it's not necessarily a late planted risky crops. So, we'll continue to monitor that. Again, we get reports on the ground most every day on what that progress and what the expectations are. And we'll be prepared to deal with that if we do see a technology shift.
