Kim Booth: Good morning and welcome to Corteva's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note, in today's presentation, we'll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules, along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck. 
Kim Booth: Thank you, Dave. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Kim Booth: Thank you. And that concludes today's call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day.
Chuck Magro: Good morning Vincent. That's right. So, look when we look at the performance for 2022, what I'd start with is we're very pleased with the year and we had a very strong year across the board and really focused on execution. Obviously, the market fundamentals are robust we've said that. We believe that, conditions are going to be constructive through 2023, and potentially into 2024 depending on supply demand. And when it comes to the value creation framework, right now, we'd say we're actually a little ahead of the plan and that's really driven by – we got after some of the portfolio decisions a little sooner than we thought. And we took some of the cost management actions, and you could see that hit the bottom line. If you look back to the value creation framework that we proposed in September, we indicated somewhere between 100 and 150 basis points per year. In 2022, we hit 200 basis points. So there's some acceleration there. We are finding new opportunities every day. So we'll give the market an update at the right time. But what I'd say right now is we're very comfortable with the $4.4 billion in the 21% to 23% margins by 2025. And 2022 sort of a reflection of that with a bit of an acceleration from some of the actions we took a little faster than we thought we could get after.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Good morning. Let me give you the high-level view that, I have and then I'll ask Dave to talk about the low end but also the top end of the guidance range because there's a pathway to the top end as well. So first of all, what we'd say is the guidance range obviously fits nicely within the 2025 value creation framework. And as I mentioned already, we're on track and a little ahead of schedule. I'd say that, the guidance range also reflects some of the headwinds from the portfolio changes. So this is a big year of finalizing a lot of the country exits and the AI rationalization. Last year, we were pretty aggressive as I mentioned. We did over a dozen country exits last year alone, and we have a similar amount lined up for 2023. So, there'll be a lot of the portfolio decisions made in this year. And then finally, from a guidance perspective, there's a bit of a disconnect, and Dave will explain it in detail. We obviously included the higher interest rates to finance some of the growth particularly around Stoller and Symborg, but we did not include any of the earnings contribution from those acquisitions. So there's a bit of a mix there from a guidance perspective. Now, when you think about the guidance range, I'll have Dave talk about the specifics. Go ahead Dave. 
Chuck Magro: Yes. David, so if you recall in the prepared remarks, we mentioned closing the deal in the first half. We've got a bit more of an update, we've seen some of the regulatory filings come in. So, what we can say right now is that, we've received all the pre-closing regulatory approvals that are required for Symborg. So that's very good news and we expect that to be in a similar position with the Stoller transaction very soon. So, now we're thinking that we'll be able to close both of these acquisitions in Q1. So, a little earlier than we thought. And of course good news as Dave indicated, these are going to be good earnings contributions and will be accretive to EBITDA and certainly even accretive to margins. And as we look at it, we're pretty excited that this is a biologicals platform now that we'll be able to continue to grow. So we've got high aspirations for this part of our portfolio and it looks like we'll be able to close both of these transactions in Q1.
Chuck Magro: Yes, Dave, maybe it's a bit more instructive to talk a little bit about working capital and specifically the inventory. If you go back to 2020 and 2021, obviously, the entire industry Corteva included had significant supply chain challenges right across the board. We saw raw material shortages, logistics challenges and as a result we were forced to draw down our inventories to what we would consider to be unhealthy, unsustainable levels and our service levels for our customers, especially around some of the products that are very unique to Corteva. So think about our seed portfolio, but also think about the Enlist platform, these service levels became unacceptable. So, last year we saw an opportunity to rebuild those inventories. We feel now that we've got the right service levels in place to support our customers. And don't forget the global CP market is expected to grow mid-single digits this year. So we're preparing for another good year in agriculture. We're preparing for another good year of growth and we feel we've got the service levels now to support our customers, very important.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Frank, maybe I'll add one other point. It's not necessarily a new product, but we've got the new Spinosyns franchise capacity that will come into the market in 2023. So beyond what Robert said around that existing portfolio, we've got a capacity expansion and one of the most profitable franchises we've got with Spinosyns and that will start to go into the market, the new capacity this year. So we're looking forward to good things from that franchise as well.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Dave maybe just a couple more minutes on this topic. Look, when we, Dave and I look at the free cash flow conversion, it is obviously a focus for the company. So if you think about what we've done as an organization, we started with the portfolio and the strategy and then the operating model for Corteva. And I think we've made a lot of progress in 12 months in those areas. So now the next level of focus, obviously, is looking at the cash conversion. It is a high priority for the management team. It's a complete focus for us. And as we make the structural changes to the portfolio, I mentioned we still have some country exits, some AI exits. That's going to be looked at through the lens of earnings of margin but also of cash generation. And that was always the plan. So what I'd say is we're very comfortable with the path that we're on and by the time we get to the end of 2023 from a margin and EBITDA perspective, we're going to be halfway through this journey. And we believe that there's a pathway to get free cash flow conversion sort of north of where it is today as well and that will be a primary focus as we look through the rest of the portfolio changes that we're planning to make.
Dave Anderson: Yes. Essentially what we've assumed particularly very importantly, a good question around inventory is our inventory levels in terms of inventory to revenue or inventory to sales be basically constant. So in other words that would end up than being -- inventory would be a contribution. The change on the change would be a contribution to cash in 2023. Two of the key items beyond working capital they're very important and somewhat embedded in my prepared remarks earlier. One was the expectation for higher interest expense. Obviously, both amount of debt, but also the rate on that debt in 2023. That will flow through as a cash use for incrementally '23 compared to '22. And then the other one is higher cash taxes. That's predominantly related to the R&D tax credit phenomena if you will the capitalization amortization as opposed to expense benefit that we've been receiving. We're not unique in terms of that challenge and of course, that's something that's going to continue to be very much the focus of legislative lobbying because it's really we think highly punitive. So it's really working capital actually ending up net of increase in receivables, being a source of cash and then higher usage of cash on both the interest and on the tax side.
Dave Anderson: Sure, Joel. The sort of the short answer on the free cash flow conversion for 2023 relates to the points I made in the previous question which really have to do with the higher -- on a year-over-year basis, higher cash taxes and higher interest. There's some other factors in there, but those are the biggest components of that. In terms of capital allocation, as you know -- and we've really demonstrated that balance in terms of our overall capital allocation with history if you will up through 2022 very much of course weighted towards returning cash to shareholders. And that was I think very, very smartly executed during that period of time. 2023 is going to be much more significantly tilted towards growth and specifically M&A with the Stoller and Symborg acquisitions. We anticipate continuing on our share buyback, but that's going to be at a -- likely will be at a reduced level just given the significance of those acquisitions.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Q4 is one that played out really in South America for us and Latin America. As you look at the big volumes, we had a strong Northern Hemisphere with Enlist continuing to go to fill tanks and took over a lot of tanks this Q4. But in Latin America the drought is really bad. When it comes to Argentina and Southern Brazil and so the fungicide growth that we typically would see there we thought we would see didn't come through just wasn't in demand. And so that's really what the difference was in Q4 when you look at volumes. The other thing, I would mention is roll back to Q4 2021 Brazil had mid-20s growth in that quarter alone and so had a huge mountain to compare against as well when you begin to look at Q4 versus Q4.
Dave Anderson: Yes. This is Dave. So as we -- as you know we really have not provided -- cannot provide any kind of forward view. There's just no estimate that's available that would allow us to do that. We do -- we'll have an $87 million charge for the full year of 2022. There's just at this time limited forecast visibility as to what that would translate to in terms of 2023 and we've really just not prepared to comment on that. In the same way on the cash side, I mean, I think that's very, very much a TBD. We'll obviously update as actuals occur and actuals progress. 
Dave Anderson: Frank, thanks. Hopefully more goes right than wrong in 2023. But as you begin to look at new products, yes, we had a great year finishing up about $1.9 billion for the year in the sales of those products. And as you stated there $475 million increase. The strengths around it really centered around three big molecules that led this. Enlist primarily with the demand that we're following with Tim in the seed. And we're 80-plus percent at our last estimate now of acres over-the-top spray with Enlist. Arylex in Latin America -- excuse me in Europe was a strong performer as well. And as you know this herbicide is one that has a growing demand also. And then finally I would say our insecticide of Inatreq was the third one that was a standout there that helping us grow this. When you begin to roll that now forward to 2023 we expect that our new products will continue to see high-teens growth. It's going to have -- those three products will be well over $300 million each in total revenue and the upside there is that it's going to depend on more demand from our technology. It's strong and we don't see a whole lot of downside from the new products primarily because farm fundamentals are healthy. Growers are sitting on good profits. And then with that they're trying to maximize value and to do that you turn to new technologies to do that and that's where we come to play in this area. So this is a good story that really helps us play out I guess a proof point of our strategy to build more differentiated portfolio and these new products are a key piece of that. 
Dave Anderson: I think I would just comment that we've got on a year-over-year basis, obviously, those additional headwinds that I mentioned to you. The other thing that I would mention is that we will get the cash contribution over time from acquisitions. It's not going to be significant, but it will be important to the overall equation. But the other thing is just the growth in EBITDA that's going to occur over that period of time. So, we also see some call it improvement as we look to more normal patterns in terms of the cost and inflation issues and some of the supply chain issues that we've been dealing with and the industry have been dealing with in general. All of those are going to be able to be contributors towards the targets that we've talked about. And by the way just to reinforce again, the 2022 performance combined with the 2022-2023 guide is again a very important statement we think we're making about the attainment of those 2025 numbers.
Robert King: Sure. Yes Chris when you look at 2022 just a quick recap on how do we do it and what were some of the key drivers there. Dave hit on a few of them, but it really starts out with our strategy around price for value and productivity. We continue to be able to offset inflation in that year of -- inflation was about 10% as you roll the year up and yet we were able to continue to put new technology on the ground and the demand for it continues to grow up -- continues to go up with the growers. Our new product growth finished up about 33% as you've seen. And this is really a good story around that technology that continues to be a pull into the market. So these types of things with our supply chain becoming more resilient. We delivered nearly 10% more volume last year. This will be the continued story into 2023, as we begin to look at how will we manage margins what's that look like and how do we get through the year. We're going to continue to follow our price for value strategy. We do expect we'll have a little headwinds in the first half of the year for inflation and we'll work with that and productivity to continue to offset that. And then really what you look at in 2022 is structural changes that we're making and with the exits that have started we will finish up. It will be about 70% done with all of our AI exits in 2023. So 2023 really becomes a transformation year that we begin to change our portfolio and position us for even better margin accretion as we move forward into the future.
Robert King: And in Crop Protection, just to add a little bit to that is that we continue to see as I said before mid-single digits inflation that will continue with us. It will be heavier in the first half than the second half, but our price for value strategy and productivity will continue to help offset that. So far we're seeing good progress in all of our markets with what we're doing and what we're going to market with. And the other thing I'd say is just a comment that one of the key indicators for us is what's going on in the generic market and how is pricing holding there. And all the leading generic producers have come out and said that prices are stable for the first half of the year from what they can see so far. And so that's always a good indicator for us as well as what's price going on there. So we expect we can offset the cost using the same strategy that we've used in the past for Crop Protection.
Robert King: Adam, thanks for the question of what's going on in the market. It's going to be a dynamic year. But as we look at it it's – we're expecting the market organic growth to be in the mid-single digits call it 4% to 7% with biologicals outstripping that. It will be the fastest-moving segment. Overall, the demand continues very strong across all regions. And again, it's – growers are chasing yield and that's where we – that's our sweet spot I guess is what I would say with the products we have. You asked about channel inventory, and right now we see inventory to be about normal across all regions with a few hotspots around some pockets that we're going to have to watch. One being, we talked about earlier the fungicide in Latin America is elevated a bit. To a lesser extent Europe not near as much but in a couple of areas in Europe. And then insecticide in Asia is elevated as well because it's just been vet not have pest pressures. But if you roll all that together, those inventory levels from what we see in the channels is very manageable across the year, across the seasons. No issues there from a standpoint of will it work itself out. We do see that the pace of price for the year flattening as compared to a year-over-year comparison. But we – like we said before, mid-single-digit inflation we're still expecting for crop protection. Again more weighted towards the first half. I think the thing to watch is the global supply chain. So all things are trending in the right direction. If you look at all the key indicators for the global supply chain market. But what I would say is it's stable. It's not getting any worse for the first time in a while. And I guess, I'm cautiously optimistic that that continues to improve but that's one to watch as well to see how does that drive the market as we move into this year. So overall from a market standpoint, it's poised to have a really good year and we think we're sitting in a pretty good position across all levels there as well. Maybe a couple of comments on seed.
Tim Glenn: Yeah. Dave on the seed side, I'd say for the first half we have a very good understanding of what our seed costs are that seed we would have produced last year. And so consider in the barn and well-understood in terms of the cost that we have there and we've been live in the marketplace with pricing for really since August in North America. And given where we're at in the market, we got great performance, very good demand for our technology. And I would describe our pricing as being well accepted in the marketplace. And again that's largely driven by good value proposition our ability to go out there and demonstrate value to our customers. So North America in a great spot. We've been live in Europe for about three months and again understood what our cost position was. And again pricing I was in Europe last week and our pricing is holding well in the marketplace and great implementation. You think about exposure for the rest of the year on seed. Latin America we're still in the field, producing our seed in Brazil especially but also Argentina. And so we have a little bit more exposure if you will in terms of those costs, but obviously we're working hard and we factor that in I think to our guide so far. And in terms of pricing, we still have flexibility there. We're not live in the marketplace per se. And so we're going to continue to evaluate where we're at there. We got a great track record of capturing value in Latin America and so we believe we're positioned very well for value -- strong value proposition. Again we've got an excellent track record in terms of being able to capture value and confident that we're going to be able to more than offset what that inflation pressure is.
Tim Glenn: Yes. I think Adam, when you think a seed this year, one of the big movers obviously is the shift back towards corn here in North America. We believe we'll have an increased area in both corn and beans, but that tilt towards corn is very important. Clearly for us, we were still operating in a very healthy environment as well. Customers are generally good in terms of what their farmer income is and there's certainly as always demand for the latest and best technology that's going to help them be most productive. The dynamics between corn and soy, we watch that all the time up through final decision-making and it continues to tilt towards corn. And I'm comfortable with that current 91, 89 as reasonable assumption. Around the world, certainly dynamics are different than what we see here in North America. In Europe, I'd say that we're probably more expecting corn to be flat-ish in the marketplace and that's driven by a couple of markets including Ukraine impacting that. Latin America, still strong momentum there. Certainly, we're in the midst of planting this safrinha season and here in a few months we'll be out selling next summer corn, as well as soybeans and then on to safrinha. That all comes very fast, but still tremendous growth across Latin America and no reason to see that hectares won't be up, not just this season, but also in the coming seasons as well for Brazil in particular.
Tim Glenn: Yes. I mean, we -- I'd say, fourth quarter for us, it's our second smallest quarter. Let's not forget that. We're heavily, heavily weighted towards the first half of the year. And the big driver in the fourth quarter is certainly Latin America, the live market that we have and that tends to be somewhat -- it can change between fourth and first quarter, depending upon how timely that safrinha season starts. And this year, I'd say, we had a timely start to the season and very strong demand for product in Latin America. I think you're also seeing, here in North America, our business. We don't move a lot of Pioneer through the rep model, because that business is direct-to-farmer. And so, very little of that has taken place at this time of the year, but we are seeing an increase in the importance of Brevant in our multi-channel business and we would expect that to continue on. So it's never kind of set in stone. There's still some seasonality elements depending upon how the year is going, but, obviously, part of it was pricing, part of it was volume and certainly those are healthy factors. And we expect to see Latin America business continue to grow over time, so that late -- end of the year business is going to be there and we expect our multi-channel on Brevant business to continue to grow. So that's certainly a factor that supported the fourth quarter, but it's a little bit of luck and obviously good execution here because it was driven by customer demand. 
