Kim Booth: Good morning, and welcome to Corteva’s Second Quarter and First Half 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today’s presentation, we’ll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thank you, Dave. On Slide 13, I want to briefly share the agenda of our upcoming Investor Day. As a reminder, the event will be held on September 13th in Johnston, Iowa at our global business and R&D center. The management team will provide more detail on the strategic update that we touched on today as well as how these actions will translate into earnings and margin growth, will detail our financial framework and include a showcase of our innovation pipeline. Registration details are available on our website, and we look forward to seeing many of you in person at the event. Now, let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Kim Booth: Thank you. And that concludes today’s call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day. Thank you.
Chuck Magro: Good morning, Vincent. So, why don’t we do this, this morning? We’ll have Dave talk a little bit about the process that we went through. I will say it was an expensive process. We had many employees involved in the effort. And then, I’ll come back and I’ll give you a perspective on what we think where we are in the overall outcome and what we’ll share more for you in September. So, let’s start with the process this morning. Go ahead, Dave.
Chuck Magro: Yes. So look, I think from a process perspective, we spent a lot of time and effort. We’ve made the decision to exit what we call some nonstrategic geographies and product lines. Where we’re still focused, Vincent, to be candid with you, is there’s some markets that we’re still analyzing when it comes to what level of resourcing should we have, what’s the route to market. So, these are some of the other pieces of work that are still on the to-do list. But the way you’ve referenced it is accurate. We, I think, did a very good analysis on the ability for the markets to grow the strategic fit that we’re trying to shape up for our focus and then how much money we make in some of these markets and different product lines. And we’ve made the decision, as you’ve referenced. So, there’s about 5% of our revenue that’s impacted here. But we’re going to keep essentially all of our EBITDA. But there’s some further work to be done. The reason we’re not talking about specifics today, just to be candidate, we still have to go through the internal communication process. We haven’t notified some of our other stakeholders around the specifics. And so, those plans are going to take some time. But I think that when you think about the $200 million that’s related to the $400 million write-down, what I would say to you today is that is one element of a broader strategic and financial framework, which we will share in our September Investor Day. So, I think the way you asked the question is this it? Is it done? I think you need to wait till September to see the overall financial framework that we’re going to lay out at the Investor Day, so that you’ll be able to measure to monitor our progress for value creation. We think that we’ve got a great plan now put together. Obviously, it’s going to be key to execute the plan. But we’ve, I think, looked at the company from, first of all, a strategic lens and then an R&D and innovation lens and now a financial lens. And when we put that together, I think what you’re going to see is a very comprehensive plan to drive shareholder value, but more than that, to really work on some of the world’s biggest challenges when it comes to food security and the energy transition.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Joel, maybe just a good call out on Enlist. So, we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we’re now anticipating that we’re on 45% of the U.S. soybean acres. I’ve traveled through the South and the Midwest over the last two weeks talking to our customers. And I’ll tell you, there’s a lot of excitement around this technology. Just from multiple dimensions, I think it is a set of tools that farmers need. We’re just very pleased at how the farmers are adapting to the technology. I actually attended a couple of training sessions for some of our retail channel partners two weeks ago. And look, everything looks great when it comes to the Enlist system. And in the first half, we crossed the $1 billion range for the entire technology platform system. So, you start thinking about that. Now, it’s another $1 billion franchise that Corteva has, and I think that there’s some good things to come down the road. As I mentioned, we’ve only been on the acres for three seasons now. So, there’s still some more to come.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Chris, the way I think about CP and the journey we’re on for the next couple of years, it’s sort of more of the same. I think just if you look at the first half results, it’s clear we have the right strategy and the CP team is executing very well. And I would consider to be quite challenging market backdrop when it comes to supply chain challenges and cost inflation. So I think we do have the right formula. And where we’re trying to take the CP business is to be a seller of differentiated and unique CP products. And so, the new products plus the Spinosyns capacity as it comes on line over the next couple of years, what you’re going to see from us is that we’re going to continue to sell the higher margin differentiated type solutions to farmers, and that should -- continually to improve our business. Now, when I look at the first half, it’s a strong year by almost every measure when you look at our CP business. And some of that is the fundamentals and the timing from a customer demand perspective. Some of it is structural change that we’re making in the product portfolio. And as you look out to ‘23 and ‘24 and I’d even say ‘25, what I would expect you to see is just continued steady business improvement, margin expansion as we manage our controllable costs and we put new technology into the market.
Tim Glenn: Hey. Good morning, Joel. This is Tim. I’ll take a shot at these. So obviously, the first part on market share, I appreciate the comments on soy, especially and calling that out. The USDA reported in June what their expected acres were in the U.S. And I would say they were consistent with what we believe was planted. So, not a lot of conflict there. And again, they’ll update that report next week. But based off of where we sit today is we believe we gained market share in North America, both on corn and soy. So, on corn, both Pioneer and Brevant contributed to that. And on soybean, Pioneer really drove the growth there. And on top of that, we did very well in Europe for both corn and sunflower. So, really strong execution in the field for us to be able to capture both share and value through really, really outstanding execution. So proud of where we sit there and really positive momentum on both, corn and soy as we go here. In terms of pricing, as we go into next year, clearly, that’s going to be one of the big questions that’s always out there. I guess, I’d start with really reinforcing the strong execution we had in the first half of 2022. We went out with a, I think, I’d say, a bold approach to pricing this past year, and we were able to deliver 7% globally and really 7% for each of our major craft categories in the first half, corn, soybeans and our oilseed products. So, it’s -- to me, it’s a testament to the value that we’re delivering to farmers and also continuing with that strong execution in the field. As we turn the page to 23, we know it’s going to be a competitive market. But the general economics continue to remain favorable and our customers are demanding products, technology, that are going to help them drive yield and profitability. So, we’re in the process now of working on our offer for 2023. And from a North America time line, we’ll start to roll that out here in August and that will continue, August and September, will be out in the marketplace. In Europe, it will be more like a September, October time frame. We’ve got a strong portfolio of hybrids and varieties. Farmers are recognizing the value. Our teams have a proven track record of executing in the field and capturing value, and we continue to expect our pricing to be accretive to margins in 2023. So, in Seed, it’s a huge amount of priority. Generally speaking, we don’t have the area increase that much in any one year. So for us to be able to continue to drive growth, value and margin expansion, we’ve got to be able to continue to execute strong in the price area.
Tim Glenn: Yes, Dave. I think the big thing there as we look into 2023, there’s one major driver. And as Dave said, we take a big step forward in terms of that move towards royalty neutrality as you say, Kevin. And that’s driven by our significant ramp-up in the sale of Corteva genetics with the E3 trade in Corteva seed brands. And so, that’s been something we’ve talked about for, it seems like a long time now, about three years here and 2023 is when you’re going to see the big move forward there. So, we’re going to continue to increase the amount of Corteva branded sales that are Enlist E3, and we’ll take a major step forward with that in the year and also a major ramp-up in terms of the proprietary germplasm that we’ll have available for our brand. And down the road, what that does as we introduce our proprietary germplasm is opens the door for more licensing, not necessarily a ‘23 item, but further down the road, that’s going to continue to offset those royalty payments that are ongoing and keep us on that path towards neutrality.
Tim Glenn: Yes. P.J., let me take a shot at that. So in terms of volatility, I mean, there’s always a fair amount of uncertainty at this time of the year in terms of our seed production. So, as we look out across the board, we’ve been -- it’s been a interesting environment. In the U.S., we saw commodity prices kind of peak in the spring and go down and now bouncing around a little bit. So, we’re off of the high there. So, that’s clearly one of the factors we deal with in terms of the other factor is clearly around our production volumes. We’ve -- and this is both, a U.S. or North American and Europe issue in terms of the production season. We’ve got a very distributed production footprint in terms of geographic footprint. So, we got some diversification there. We’re largely irrigated in both North America and Europe. And I would say, as we evaluate far from certain in terms of what we’ll harvest, we feel like we’re close to budget right now in the U.S. despite some of the weather challenges that have been out there, and Europe feel very good, harvest is underway. And we probably have a little bit of higher stress from our production in Hungary, but other plants seem to have handled the stress well, and we really do expect to be in a good position there. So, in terms of timing, I mean, obviously, it’s a balance. I’d love to be able to price just in time and have every variable known. But from a competitive standpoint, it’s very important that we get out in the marketplace and connect with our customers. And so, as customers are harvesting the commercial crop through the fall months, that’s when they’re evaluating their hybrids and what performed, what didn’t perform, who they’re going to commit to for the for the next year. So, it’s very important that we’re positioned well. We can go out there with a confident offer and put that in front of a customer at the time when they’re ready to make their decision. And so that seed purchase decision timing has been very consistent over a number of years. And by the end of the year, farmers have generally made close to final decision in terms of the brands and the products, and they’ll finalize the volumes as they get closer to planting and what the ultimate crop mix is. So, I don’t anticipate that changing. And I wouldn’t say we’re dealing with a whole lot more variables. We are well hedged at this point, but we still have some hedge to go on both corn and beans. And so, we have not locked down our cogs right now. But we feel like we’ve got a pretty good grasp on what that will be. And obviously, we’re going to continue to use the levers, as Dave said, the controllables that are in front of us around productivity and pricing to help mitigate those situations. In terms of Brevant, we’re rolling into year three with Brevant in the U.S. We continue to grow the business and which is really exciting in a year when acres were down in the U.S. and Brevant definitely did contribute to our share growth for corn in the U.S. this year. Our focus with Brevant right now is to continue to build confidence with our channel partners. And we got to continue to build confidence with our farmers. And so, we’ve got excellent product performance. Things look good in the field right now. I spend a fair amount of my time connecting with those key channel partners. We continue to build the confidence and relationship and the interest. And as we roll into 2023, our third year in the market, I’m very satisfied with the progress up to date and really excited about the opportunity and full expectation, we’re going to continue to grow that segment of our seed business.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Chuck, I think your comments on the South very consistent. There’s been a few pockets where I’d say the visibility or the noise around some of those issues have been stronger this year and particularly in the -- when you get into the mid-South of the Delta area, and I’ll be there next week and be spending time on the ground with customers and our sales team and channel partners and to understand more about it. In terms of speculating on what could happen from a regulatory standpoint, it’s impossible to do that. And as Chuck said, the EPA is going to have to make a call on that. We have seen some states up and be more aggressive in terms of regulation. And I’d say -- I’ll speak in general, and last time, I spent a better part of the evening with about 30 of our field sellers in a meeting and got feedback on this. I’d say across the Midwest, we’ve kind of gotten to a critical mass with Enlist, where -- and some of those state regulations that are in place where maybe the issue is not quite as visible as it had been in the past years, at least in terms of what our customers are experiencing there. So, what we have to continue to do is support our customers through proper advocacy or our technologies, customers where they have concerns, farmers need to speak up to their channels within their states. And obviously, we’re going to continue to support and advocate for best practices around safe use for all the technologies that are in the marketplace. I don’t think we want to position this as Enlist versus Xtend or anything like that. We want to make sure that all technologies are available and that customers do have choice and that those products are used appropriately and those best management practices have to be in place. So, in terms of the 2022 seed crop, that’s in the ground. And so, we will have a significant ramp-up in our branded business for 2023 sales. So, that’s reflected in our RC production decisions already, Steve.
Robert King: David, when you look at Crop Protection for the year, yes, we’ve seen some inflation in the first part of the year and been able to use our value for pricing strategy as we move forward there of more than offsetting with price and productivity. So, we’ve been able to hit those headwinds off. As you look into the second part of the year, we’ll continue to follow that same strategy, and we do expect to continue to have some headwinds, although we think that the inflation will begin to slow a little bit based on being able to lap the previous year increases, but we do anticipate there will continue to be headwinds. And so, we’re going to continue to follow the same strategy, watch inflation closely. But we think we’re in a very good position with the technology that’s being pulled onto the farm from our growers. If you look at our new products, right, we’re up 60%. And I think that’s a big I guess, shot in the arm for us from a standpoint of the demand for our new technology that is being pulled into the market. So I think that’s sort of how you should look at the second half.
Robert King: Yes. Chris, when you -- thanks. When you look at second half and margin, Dave mentioned some of it a little bit ago, how we’ll manage that. We’ve had a great run in the first half of being able to manage our margin with the strong demand that we’ve got for our new products, as you mentioned there. And so, like we said before, historically, first half margins are higher. The new product growth was disportionate to first half. But Latin America has also had an early season buying that happened a little bit in Q2 with just the strong demand that’s going on there. But, all that said, we still expect to have a very solid second half for margins and we expect that our new products will continue to give us value there. The technology we’re putting on the farm and driving value for the grower is something that is really being pulled by them, and it’s something that’s given them a new tool in their toolbox. Specifically to Spinosyns, so our capital projects that has been running there up in Midland, Michigan is on track. We’ve actually had our first commercial product to come off the off the line, and we’re working on moving forward there. So, this is going to be a good expansion for us over the next few years on a product that is in high demand in our markets. And as we ramp up between now and 2050, that’s going to put another 50% capacity into the market that will be good value add for us and to the growers.
Robert King: Yes. Sure, Chuck. Jeff, when you look at this, the new products grew $400 million for the half. But more importantly, your question of what would it be without it? A lot of things in that. Old products would still be sold in those plates oven, et cetera, but it’s not just straight math. There’s a lot of different moving parts to this. I think the big thing to understand here is the grower demand is very strong. And so, there would be -- there’s a continued need for products on the farm. And the new products are filling a need there with the technology, et cetera, that we give them as a new tool.
Robert King: Sure. Latin America, like Dave was talking about there, very strong demand [Technical Difficulty] and the growers there and unprecedented first half organic growth. I love to have it into the future, but that’s really not realistically to be sustainable. But all that said, there is early season buying because when product is available, they’re going to take it, the farmers are healthy financially and in a good position. But we expect to still have very good growth in the second half down there anyway. If we hit -- we should hit in that 25% to 30% organic growth, and that’s nothing to laugh at either. So, we expect a very strong second half down there and the growers demand is really driving that.
Dave Anderson: Yes. And Dave, maybe -- this is Dave Anderson. Maybe I could just add a little bit to Robert’s comments. As we indicated, we have some incremental inflation we’ve now built into our guide for the second half. So, it’s bringing the total up now for the full year, probably into the 10% -- 10% to 11% range in terms of inflation as a company overall. And the components of that, Robert referenced, obviously, the active ingredients is a key component, freight and logistics, a very, very important component of that. So, we’re really looking at all of this eyes wide open. Robert said, the early planning that we have is for the [Technical Difficulty] as we go forward. Again, we provide a little more insight to that forecast on that as we go forward to the year. I think one of the things that’s really testimony to the company is the fact that we’ve been out in front of this. When you go back actually to early 2021 in terms of what we began to see then and the actions that we’ve been able to take subsequently. So, it’s something that’s very, very front and center for us.
Dave Anderson: Okay. Jeff, why don’t I start with the first one on pension? The pension status is another, I would call right now a good news story. Despite the -- some of the challenge in the equity markets, I think we’ve managed this very smartly. We’ve significantly reduced the percentage of asset allocation in our overall portfolio to return-seeking assets. And we’ve also been able to obviously benefit from interest rate increases. At the end of 2021, the pension-funded status was over 92% -- over 90% funded. So, that was very healthy. And you recall those numbers from our filings and from our previous discussions. And despite equity markets and some of the other challenges, the reality is we’ve been able to hold to an over 90% funded status through June 30th. In fact, I looked at the numbers just a couple of weeks ago, and we’re still in that, if you will, positive territory. We’ve recently recalculated all of the math looking forward. And as you know, it’s fairly complex statistical analysis that goes into that, using our outside experts and actuaries. And there’s little claim on the Company’s free cash flow within the foreseeable multiyear outlook in terms of pension liability. So, I think it’s something that’s been very, very well managed. I think it’s a really good news story when you think of Corteva. And what it translates to, obviously, is it gives us a fairly significant flexibility when we think about our capital deployment strategies and we think about the opportunity not only to return cash to shareholders and to invest, if you will, organically for growth. It also gives us opportunities selectively as we look at advancing our technologies and accelerating our market position in some of those key technologies. It really gives us a lot of flexibility going forward. Maybe on the last one on the restructuring, and then, Robert, you may want to talk a little bit about the CP volume without the new products. On the restructuring, there really isn’t a precise split that I can give you between the two business units between seed and crop. When you look at it in terms of the major categories and components of what we’re doing with the restructuring, it’s really across the organization. And it’s really, again, associated with an outcome of our portfolio reviews, our strategic review as well as looking at our overall cost structure and we think doing the right thing to set us up not only as you would suspect, for 2023 and as Chuck referenced, but really is taking a view over the, if you will, the midterm -- a multiyear midterm look at how to best position the Company going forward.
Dave Anderson: And I think just maybe, Robert, just to add quickly to this and something you mentioned earlier is obviously, we’re benefiting in terms of what you’re able to bring to the bottom line and what you’re demonstrating in terms of margin expansion that those new products are also contributing, too. So very important, not only meeting demand in the marketplace, but also adding value, which is great.
