Jeff Rudolph: [Technical Difficulty] expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Please note in today's presentation, we'll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck. 
Jeff Rudolph: Thanks, Dave. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Jeff Rudolph: Thank you. That concludes today's call. The Investor Relations team is here for your follow-up questions, so we look forward to those. We thank you for your interest in Corteva and wish you a great day. Thank you very much.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Good morning, Joel. So, yes, the short answer is you're absolutely right. The difference -- the way we would look at it what's new would be currency. Let me give you the backdrop though of the guidance and what we're seeing in the market and then I'll turn it over to Dave to drill down on the currency situation. So, first of all, 2021 was a really strong year in ag. We saw very strong demand for our products higher prices across the board and farmers' balance sheets are strong in their income statements. And we expect very similar behavior in the ag markets in 2022. And right now our order book is full. So this market it's all about supply and price execution. And I think Corteva is set up to succeed in both of those areas. The guidance that we laid out today $2.8 billion to $3 billion of EBITDA, we think that that appropriately reflects the time of the year. Don't forget that the crop is not in the ground in Europe or in the United States yet as well as some of the market uncertainties that we're seeing, namely around cost and inflation. To your question though, so the midpoint of -- our midpoint of $2.9 billion it is double-digit growth. It is still in line with the previous targets that have been provided. But it does have a new assumption which is really around currency headwinds. Now, what I think is happening here is this is our current and best thinking today. The Corteva team is really focused on cost, cost mitigation, really taking the downside risk off the table, while at the same time reinforcing our supply chain resiliency, driving up execution both in price and supply chain to reach up as high as we can in terms of our guidance range here. And we're feeling pretty good about things, but it is so early in the season right now that this is our best thinking. And we'll -- like usual we'll reflect this as we go through the quarters -- every quarter. And I would expect that we would narrow our range over time. But to drill down on the specific question around currency I'll turn it over to Dave now.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Just a couple of comments I guess for the company broadly speaking, Vincent. So the supply chain challenges are real. Any global supply chain operator like Corteva, will have the same situation. We think we've done a really nice job of mitigating as much of the cost as we can. And we've got a full court press on just doing exactly that for 2022. At the same time, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are seeing very strong demand across the board for our products around the world. So from a pricing perspective what we've been able to do and if you look at 2021 and then you look at how we've guided for 2022, the pricing increasing is offsetting the higher cost and we are driving margin. And I think that that is really important to set the stage. I know there's a lot of industries out there that were not able to do that. I think one of the good things about the agricultural industry right now is that, we're in a very attractive market. And I think growers need the products, they need the technology. And certainly from a pricing execution perspective, I think we've demonstrated that we can move prices to cover costs and grow margins. 
Chuck Magro: Sure. Hi, Kevin. So you're right. There are obviously puts and takes. And it depends if we're talking about our commodity portfolio or our differentiated and new product portfolio. There are some differences there. But I'll have Tim just kind of walk you through a few of these, and that should hopefully set the context.
Chuck Magro: Yeah. Thanks David. Sure. So, you're right. I've been on the job now for three months. It's been great. I've seen a lot of the operations primarily in North America. I haven't went to internationally yet because of COVID, but obviously integrating with the global team. First of all, what I'd say is, I'm quite pleased with the financial and the operating performance throughout 2021 and certainly how we ended the year. And I would say that I'm more optimistic today than when I first joined. There is significant value in this company to be delivered. We're doing that work now. It's a little early for me to give you numbers. But some of the areas that I think we need to focus on. Obviously, in this environment what we're talking about is price execution and supply chain resiliency. And I think that the company has invested a lot of force into that area. But there's probably more work we need and should be doing just like every company in that area. The other is our technology and innovation pipeline. I think it's a great asset for the organization. I think we have some wonderful future products coming out of the pipeline that's going to drive long-term value. And I'm really pleased with what I've seen so far. Then some of the remarks we've already made. So we are having a really good look at the global portfolio and what I would call the operational footprint. So, we're looking at where we make money and where we spend money, just to be candid with you. And we're unlocking -- we think there's a lot of opportunity in these areas. And we've got a team that's actively working around the clock on these issues. And it's probably a little like I said a little early to get too far ahead of this work, but we're quite excited about it. So, what we plan to do is we plan to have an Investor Day likely in the summer or late summer, where we would like to share with the world some new targets, some new financial targets, some new operating targets. We would also like to showcase the technology pipeline. I think it is going to be a great thing for the world to see what we're doing from a technology perspective. And putting on all this together what it means for long-term value creation for Corteva. So the work -- the hard work is being done now. I think there's a lot of excitement. I think that this management team is up for the challenge and the change. And we'll be back to you, probably by the summertime for our Investor Day.
Chuck Magro: Okay. Why doesn't Rajan take the royalty question? And Dave you can handle the operating cash flow. 
Chuck Magro: Yes. And Jeff just maybe a couple of comments. It's interesting how you put these two questions together. So, if you look at it from an operating perspective, what we're trying to do with royalties our new CP products, driving some of the operational work I just described, that's going to drive enhanced margins. And then Dave and his team are really focused on cash, cash management and trying to get as much of that margin into the cash as we can. And I think that there's just a tremendous opportunity here for this company to generate more cash flow.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Frank, so it's a good question. And certainly, when I think about the balance sheet, it's a strategic asset. We're going to be disciplined of course, but it's -- we're going to put it to work to drive long-term shareholder value. It is clean like you mentioned. It can certainly -- when I think about the financial horsepower that this company has with the balance sheet plus what we generate from a free cash flow perspective, we have a lot of opportunity to do both, right? We're in a really positive position, where we can invest for EBITDA and margin expansion and we could return significant capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. So we're working with the Board to figure out what that formula exactly looks like. There'll be more to come on that. The other thing I'll just introduce is that, I believe that we need a good M&A capability inside of Corteva. It is something that I'm looking at quite carefully. Again, we will be disciplined. We will do M&A to drive earnings, to drive margin and ROIC. But that is something -- when we went for finished with our look at our global portfolio and how our asset footprint looks around the world. If there's some gaps, we'll either look to build it or to buy it. So, we've got just an exciting future when it comes to using, not only the operational capability, but the balance sheet that we have in the company.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Joel just very quickly. And you're exactly right. As Chuck said currency really is the -- when you look through the lens it really is the fee in terms of our thinking and our planning here. Just a couple of things on currency. First of all, these are our best assumptions at this point in time. We use third-party obviously inputs for this. We also have as you know hedged positions. We come into the year with some hedged positions but most of those are cash positions. And then if you will the translation hedging that we do which is pretty much focused and limited but that cash or translation hedging that we do is also included in the assumption. When you look at it comparative, for example, what we provided back in October, it's $100 million difference. And that really does represent the if you will the variance compared to the guide that we had provided or call it the reinforcement of the mid-term guidance range that we provided at that time. And also to provide just a little bit of perspective on this, just take a minute is if you did simple math and looked at 2022 and just adjusted for currency and just say you were looking at equivalency. Instead of being up 11% in revenue, you'd be up around -- you'd be up higher than that. You'd be up -- instead of 8%, you'd be up 11% to around $17.1 billion. And in terms of EBITDA, rather than being up 13% at the midpoint of our guide, you'd be up around 20%, which would put us at $3 billion roughly even for the midpoint of the guide which would translate to margin almost double in terms of basis point improvement to around 140% 145%. So, again, just simple math but it provides insights hopefully to help address the point you're making.
Dave Anderson: And Chris was the other element of your question to make sure, I'm answering it correctly. Let me just share with you 2021. And I think we had talked about this, but just make sure we've got these correct for you. Crop Protection 2021 full year, 11% organic growth. We had price gains in every region. We had 6% volume gain. And by the way that 6% volume gain is net of nearly a 4% impact from discontinued products so pretty significant performance. And then operating EBITDA was up 20%. Margins improved more than 100 basis points. So, I think that Rajan really sets the stage as we think about 2022. And again what we talked about and reinforced was the contribution of new products $300 million in terms of our planned number of our planned number of, guidance number for new product contribution revenue in 2022. 
Dave Anderson: Yes. And Jeff I could take maybe part two of that, which – around the payables and the cash flow from operations as well as our free cash flow. So as you said, we had a lot of focus and a lot of positive that resulted from that focus in terms of our working capital initiatives in 2021. We had – as you said, we had the benefit of payables. And specifically, there we had a lot of focus around our days payables outstanding as well as our average weighted daily payment term. So that's just going to continue. The numbers that I think are really important here when we think about our 2022 guide really relates to receivables. So we had a significant benefit in terms of our receivables performance and our cash collections in 2021. We expect to continue attractive but not nearly to that level performance in 2022. That's the big variable as well as some change year-over-year in terms of the contribution from prepaid or deferred revenue, particularly in the US in the fourth quarter. So that's really the difference when you walk year-over-year in terms of our cash from operations. Cash taxes are essentially the same. Other elements in terms of the cash from operations are essentially the same. And then when you look at the free cash flow, we are forecasting slight up to $70 million uptick on our CapEx on a year-over-year basis.
Dave Anderson: So let me just give a little perspective and then I'll turn it over to Chuck for his commentary. It's a really good question. I think to give you some perspective and we just chatted about this a little bit earlier today in terms of just looking at the math. When you look at the cash flow over the last two years Frank, you've used the midpoint of our guide for this year, the $1.450 billion that adds to $3.6 billion. So in other words, the 21.50 from 2021 combined with the midpoint of our current guidance. If you use the midpoint again of our guide, you referenced $800 million of share buyback that would sum to a total of 2.55 billion over the two years, $2.55 billion when combined with $800 million of dividends. So, $1.75 billion in share buyback, $800 million in dividend gives you the $2.55 billion, which is about 70% of the $3.6 billion. So it obviously reinforces what we've stated in terms of our commitment to return cash to shareholders. I'll let then Chuck really give a strategic lens against that backdrop.
Rajan Gajaria: So just to build on that and Vincent to answer your specific question. The crop that we are talking about from a commodity standpoint in Europe would be gone I think. In fact, from a North America perspective, all the numbers were baked into the third quarter so nothing has changed. From a yield standpoint, we and the whole industry has had a tough thing with canola especially in Canada. And the yield impact there is increasing costs up versus what we had expected the last time we had said this. And the freight and warehousing this really goes across the board. We've got big increases not only in Brazil but also in North America. We've got some actions planned with advanced analytics et cetera to try and see what we can do to mitigate. But at this point of time that's where our cost increases versus the last time are coming in. That said, we feel very good about our ability to expand margins. The cost increases are here but the pricing actions we have and the productivity actions that we have planned should continue to drive the margin expansion in the seed business, like we saw in 2021. I think we will reinforce that in 2022.
Rajan Gajaria: Hi Chris. I think like you rightly pointed out between where we were last time and where we are now, the single biggest change is glyphosate. And I think that continues to be a big part of the cost increase. That said like, Tim mentioned we do cover the glyphosate cost increases with price. We did that in 2021. And so, we feel very confident about that in '22. On freight and logistics there is an increase just based upon the inflationary cost that we are seeing there, the tightness of supply in freight etcetera. But the one element specifically I would point out is that, as supply chains become tight, we do have to plan for air freight type of things to make sure that we can get the high-margin products to the customers in time. And so that also is something that continues to evolve. From other raw material perspective, I think the increases are more or less in line with what we have said before. The inflationary trends continue. We do have some strong productivity actions with our procurement team to try and offset that, but that continues to be what we had planned for the last time we had mentioned this. So those would be some of the specific things that are driving the cost increases on the Crop Protection side Chris. 
Rajan Gajaria: Absolutely. The new product portfolio continues to grow. And it will help us not only offset the cost increases, but also from a pricing opportunity creates another opportunity for us to extract value and put that to the bottom line. So completely agree there.
Rajan Gajaria: Yeah. Hi. P.J. why don't, I take that? First and foremost, let's start with the big picture. I think if you take the products that we have discontinued like you pointed out Chlorpyrifos is one of them the low-margin products. Our insecticide business actually grew 14% year-over-year. So we have seen double-digit growth. And that continues to be a franchise that continues to do well for us. Related to the profile of the insecticide market how that is changing you're exactly right. And let me double-click on Spinosyns. And this is the world's largest selling insecticide which is naturally derived. And we are on track this year to get to about $1 billion on the Spinosyns franchise. Not only are we seeing increased volume from the capacity increases that we have built in, we continue to see price increases, and some of the productivity actions that we are taking are actually helping us even increase margins as the product continues to grow from a top line perspective. So, the Spinosyns business continues to be a big part of our portfolio. Talking about new products Isoclast comes to mind. Isoclast, again this is a product which is getting close to $300 million. And it's been a big part of what we are doing. Pyraxalt this is another product which we talk about in Asia Pacific. So the reason I'm walking you through all this is that, the patented and differentiated part of our insecticide portfolio is actually pretty large. And these are high-margin products which go through diverse crops. We have the balance that we see from natural products and products that continue to grow. So, we feel really good about the insecticide portfolio that we have. And the 14% just to underline that growth that we had despite the product phase out underlines that. And we continue to expect to see that same momentum in 2022 from a top line but more importantly margin expansion standpoint.
Rajan Gajaria: Yes. Good morning, Jeff. On the royalties part we did see a step improvement in our royalty reduction in 2021. Some of that is the continued ramp-up of the Enlist portfolio. But we also had work done on the corn side with some non-assert that we've had negotiations done. So we did see a step improvement about $80 million to $90 million on royalty reductions in 2021. We are on track for our long-term royalty to making royalty neutral by the 2028, 2029 period. We see some marginal improvements in 2022, primarily continued by driving the Enlist portfolio. We are also beginning to launch Enlist in our own Corteva germplasm, which will be a further reduction of royalties in 2022. But the big step changes are going to come in from 2023. There are some offsets, where we do have some increased royalties for molecule for the traits that we use in soybeans in Latin America, et cetera. But all in all, we are on track for delivering against the commitment of being a net positive. We had a big improvement in 2021 and we'll see some changes in 2022 with step improvements 2023-odd.
Rajan Gajaria: So, Steve, this is Rajan. Nice to hear from you. Well, the Enlist franchise continues to grow. And Enlist as a system actually this year, I think, we'll be crossing $1 billion in there. And the Enlist herbicide is a big part of it. Our estimate is that Enlist system when it crosses 40% this year, more than 80% of the acres that have the Enlist system actually use the Enlist herbicide. We do have a very strong asset and a strong supply chain. So, as opportunities come up to expand Enlist, I think, we have the flexibility and capability of growing the Enlist herbicide business. Also happy to say that, we did get the seven-year registration done. Our regulatory and R&D team did a fantastic job of getting that. So the customer demand gets the confidence in the system. And so we see continued growth of where the Enlist system would go. About dicamba, we'll wait and see how the market reacts. But I think we've got the flexibility and the confidence to be able to continue to grow the Enlist system franchise. And we do have the supply chain flexibilities to grow the Enlist herbicide as the need arises. 
Tim Glenn: Yes. Kevin, when you think about the Crop Protection side, you're right. You used the example in the US where we implemented a price increase in January -- or excuse me in October. And I'd say traditionally, we price on a seasonal basis for most of our products. And that's kind of the way Crop Protection has been done. You price at the beginning of the season. And obviously, you looked and managed through the course of the season but you're actively managing this.  Today I'd say, we're actively managing the crop protection pricing. As Dave said and Rajan reiterated, we're working hard and we will offset all the costs that we have. But the US example that you started with there we priced in October for the upcoming season and that's when we kick off our sales season. We announced in December an early January price increase across the board in the US and that was implemented and is in the marketplace right now. And we're going to continue to monitor that. And so that's how we're going to deal with this as we go forward is to continue to be able to monitor and act accordingly as we work through the season. And that's a very different behavior than what's typically happened certainly from our side. There are commodity products that are even different. And those heavy commodity products where we've seen a tremendous amount of cost and price volatility. We're active even more frequently than that. That's even more regularly. But across the whole portfolio, we're actively managing pricing across the board and we'll continue to do that. And the team is committed to do that. It's not just a US action. It's happening around the world. And that's how we're going to be able to offset it we work through this year. 
Tim Glenn: Yes. Absolutely Chuck. And John great question. We've been talking about Brevant the US for a little while here, but we got to remember that 2021 was really the completion of our first season a business with Brevant in the US. And the good news is, we met or beat our price and volume goals that we had. One of the things we talked about and your question really goes to it is building that credibility with our channel partners. And we needed this Brevant business to not only be good for us, but also good for their business. And that is very important for us. And finally, we obviously needed to satisfy our farmer customers. The good news coming out of 2021 is we're happy with how it turned out for our business. Feedback we're getting from our channel partners is exceptional. And I had an opportunity earlier this week to meet with a couple of retail groups out of the Northern Corn Belt and got very good feedback from them on how we're doing and also product performance was outstanding. So farmers are very satisfied with how the Brevant business performed for them. So it really has translated into a much greater point of growth for our business in retail. I think over time, our objective is not to go out there and do cross-sells and things like that. It's to build these deep relationships with our retail partners on how we can go out and do good business together across both seed and crop protection and that's what's important. And as we go into 2022 year two of Brevant, we're expecting growth similar to what we had in 2021 in terms of volumes. So that's very good where we're at. And our order position supports that right now. And certainly the strong feedback, we've gotten from our channel partners supports that their enthusiasm for what we're doing there. So it is a great story for our business. And also it is a very strategic action for Corteva as we build our relationship with our distributor and retail partners.
Tim Glenn: Yeah. Michael, I mean, obviously we're still wrapping up the 2021-2022 season in Latin America and working through that and really excited about how that's gone. And looking at the 2022-2023 season here in the second half. Conkesta was an important part not necessarily from a financial or impact on our results but in terms of a big step forward in terms of a strategic initiative. And the way we positioned our Conkesta business this year was really to go out there and do this as a pilot allow our customers to get experience and get a good idea of how the technology will work in the marketplace. As we go into 2022-2023, so that crop will be planted in the second half of the season, I would still think of it in terms of that scale. And the reason is we're still introducing the technology. We're still filling out the portfolio of products that are available so farmers have a good selection of varieties that fit their needs. And also we want to get -- we want to make sure that customers have a very positive experience with the technology not just from an insect control but also weed management standpoint as you said. So we're still in that I'd say slow ramp-up phase. It's meaningful and important work for us and we're very committed to it. As we go down the road, obviously, as the portfolio fills out we'll continue to ramp that up. I think that the herbicide system, it's an important part. There's tremendous focus in Latin America and especially Brazil on insect control within soybeans. But I think our ability to position Enlist herbicide alongside that strong insect protection is going to bring new value and help differentiate Conkesta in the marketplace. So I'm sure as we go through and do our Technology Day we'll update what that growth trajectory might look like. But think about this next half of the year, it really is sort of an expansion of that pilot so that we can really get that technology well-established and understood in the marketplace.
Tim Glenn: Yeah, absolutely. When you look at our business in 2021, obviously, we had very strong out-the-door sales. And the focus -- it's great to be able to record those sales. But the focus of our field sales organization is to make sure that that product gets on the ground. Sell it to the distributor, have it go through the channel and ultimately get in the hands of our customers. And so we track this very closely throughout the season and as we wrap up seasons really to understand where we sit across the entire portfolio. Overall, I'd say, we feel very good about where we sit in terms of inventories in the major markets. Clearly, we're in the -- towards the tail end of the season in Latin America and Brazil, always gets a lot of interest here, and especially with the strong growth that we've seen across the board in Brazil from a crop protection standpoint. I think our belief right now is that we are seeing some increases in terms of overall industry inventory levels in Brazil and that's sort of a general statement. It's going to be probably different by segment within the market and geography within Brazil. But as we look at where we sit today, we believe that we are lower than the market overall and that we're still at a very healthy level for our business in Brazil. So in terms of the impact as we go through the season, we'll continue to track that as things ramp up and business gets completed on this part as we go to the next season, but we still feel like we're in a good spot there. In terms of other markets, I'd say inventory levels the way I'd describe it is from comfortable, meaning that there's kind of a regular or normal amount of inventory in the channel to it even being tight. We have a lot of business that's going kind of hand to mouth here. So we talked about challenges around supply. It's not just cost. It's also just getting product in the hands of our customers on a timely basis. And our teams are tremendously focused on that. So we also have segments of the markets where there's very little inventory out there, uncomfortably little inventory that we're working with. So we're watching it on a daily basis. But as we sit here right now, we do not see this as a limiting factor for our 2022 business.
