Megan Britt: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the second quarter 2019 earnings conference call for Corteva Agriscience. We're making this call available to investors and media via webcast. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this call. These slides are posted on the Investor Relations section of our website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Friedman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platform, will join the Q&A session. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. I direct you to Slides 2 and 3 of our earnings release for our forward-looking statement disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current expectations that are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainty regarding assumptions. We urge you to review our SEC filings for a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially.  We are providing information on a pro forma basis, prepared in conformity with regulation FX in order to provide the most meaningful comparison. So please take note of the pro forma basis discussion and our earnings release and slides. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items, which can be found in the schedules that accompany our earnings release. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Turning to the agenda for the call today, Jim will share accomplishments on our priorities for shareholder value creation and provide perspective on the quarterly financial results, market backdrop and revise full year guidance. Greg will then review our second quarter and first half financial results by segment. Following this review, we will take your questions before wrapping up the call. With that introduction, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Greg. With that, let’s move on to your questions. I’d like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both in our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Megan Britt: So that’s our last question for this conference call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today.
Jim Collins: Great. Thanks, David. Yes, directionally, we think about going into 2020. Obviously, we’ve got to factor in what it – what’s the impact of the North American market in 2019 and what return we can expect as that market comes back to us. Clearly, we’ll continue to have the synergy programs, that we talked to you about, flowing through the momentum that we’re carrying through from 2019, and we’ve given guidance on kind of what to expect year-over-year in that area. It comes down to also then the market backdrop, what can be expect around commodity prices on corn and soy, and given the focus on planting intentions. And as we sit here today, we’ve got a couple of big markets still to clear through. We’ve got to finalize the North American market that we have in the ground right now. There are obviously going to be questions about the actual harvested quantities of grain versus the acres that got planted. So quality as well as yield is still a big question. And then we have a strong Latin American market to work through, both the summer and the spring seasons down there. So all in all, it could be shaping up to be a strong season as we see some snapback and a few of the things that I’ve talked about really start to add to our results in a very positive way. So we’ll – we’ve obviously not given any guidance for 2020 here at this point, and we’ll be back as we close out the year to kind of set that up. I don’t know. Either, Greg, anyone else add anything. Great.
Jim Collins: Great. Thanks for that question. You’re right. The early part of this season as we were working to shore up our planting plans and working with key growers across the North American market to kind of nail down acres and get our production – kind of our production plants up and running. The good news about kind of our approach is, we’ve been doing this a long time, and we have a pretty broad footprint of production facilities kind of across North America. So as we saw those early rains starting, I can’t say enough about our production team and how quickly they were able to relocate acres out of some of the hardest-hit states, Indiana, Illinois, even that Western Ohio area where we’re pretty hard hit. And that allowed us to go in favor Seed production markets where we can take some of those extremes out of play. And – so we’ve got good footprint in Nebraska, Iowa and other markets. So at this point right now, we feel like we’ve got the right amount of Seed in the ground for production, given where we think the market will turn out to be in 2020. And our early monitoring would suggest that the quality of that production is about where we would expect it to be. And so right now, we’re not factoring in any big changes to our cost of goods on the Seed side, going into 2020, except maybe for the commodity price impact that might flow through. And in terms of winter production, right now we don’t see any need or any plans to do that. But part of the reason why we don’t think we’ll need that in corn is we’ll have some carryover. We got returns back early enough. We got it into storage to help protect the germination rate. And so that will allow us to make sure we’ve got some additional quantities of Seed beyond our production out there. And on soybeans, we were right on top of the season there. So we feel good about where we’re sitting.
Jim Collins: Thanks, Joel, for the question. Great to hear from you. We were talking a moment ago about pricing and competitive pressures that went on in the market. And it really was about, kind of, tied to that whole Xtend portfolio. So – and we feel good about our conversions, we feel good about our product performance. And as we've talked before, we're about 65% or so of lineup converted over to that. So when I look overall kind of at soybean pricing, we were probably down 0.1% kind of year-over-year and that is a direct response to that competition that was going on in that market. So hard for me to talk about kind of what – where others were, what motivations were. But I can tell you we have some of the best-performing products in our A-Series lineup. And that really allowed us, I think, to hold our own in a lot of cases when things got really tight.  And then on your pricing around Enlist, it's a little early for us to be talking about how we're going to price that product. We – we've got some great demonstration going on out in the marketplace. We have a lot of really strong pent-up farmer demand that's coming to us about their excitement about the system, and we'll take a fresh look at that here at the year-end and compare that to, okay, what varieties are we going to have available, what are their performance attributes in terms of yields and Seed packages that will be on board. And then we'll set the price accordingly along with all the benefits that the Enlist system brings in terms of convenience, ease of use, peace of mind, those type of things. 
Jim Collins: Thanks, Chris. Yes, as we think about the second half of 2019, we've factored in, what we believe, is an appropriate level of – we've got some great tailwinds coming from product pipelines. We've still got synergies to deliver it at the end of the year. And that is then tempered by some concerns that as this season will very naturally go long, just because everything got in late and farmers are going to – they'll keep crops in the ground as long as they possibly can to milk as minute degree days right out to the end as possible. And that could close windows that would allow for fall-applied Crop Protection as well as nitrogen product.  So – but we feel like we've called that right, and that's the second half that we've outlooked basically around sales – about reported sales down about 3% versus previous year. And it puts us on a full year basis of about flat when you look at just price volume. So we think we've got that dialed in.  In terms of cost for setup for 2020, and question earlier was about, if you have any issues around winter production, we don't think so, we think we've got the right seed in the right place for what we're going to need for 2020. And then all the other reasons why we might see a return to something more normal in North America
Jim Collins: Great. Yes, Jonas, a unit that we talk about, that’s a bag of seed. In corn 80,000 kernels, in soybeans…
Jim Collins: It’s a great question John. We’ve seen years before where we had maybe not as late and as big a decline as we saw in 2019. And I've seen the next year every bit is good, if not even better. So given the amount of work that growers have done to improve drainage and the equipments that they have and the performance of our products, it feels like to me that almost every year, short of anything on the downstream market demand side of all of this, it feels like that we've got a lot of capacity and a lot of capability. And there's a little bit of land, I would say, in that Nebraska market where you had the horrific flooding and you had some sandy – some sand that got up out of the rivers and kind of got into some pretty good farmland and growers are working hard to try to save that. But when you think about that total of all the millions of acres that are out there, you won't really feel that piece nearly as much. So I would say, no, I would believe that this market could come right back to where it has been previously and it's really just a function of how many acres go in the ground and the yield that will able to get out of those acres.
