Jim Collins: Thanks Greg. Turning to Slide 14, I would like to emphasize a few key points before we take your questions. We’ve made tremendous progress in the short time we’ve been an independent company, but we know we have more work to do. Our recent results and guidance indicate we are well positioned to accelerate value creation in 2021 and beyond, including progressing on our products through the ramp-up of our proprietary Enlist system and strengthening our advantaged multi-channel, multi-brand route to market, continuing to transform our crop protection portfolio and enhance our higher value product mix, and further streamlining costs and disciplined execution on our productivity actions. We will also maintain our balanced capital allocation program, continuing to return cash to shareholders even as we invest in long-term sustainable growth. Corteva’s board and management team are fully aligned on a strategy to deploy our competitive advantages to deliver increased value that is durable. Our plan is solid. We are executing and it is working. At the same time, we are always open to perspectives that benefit all of our shareholders. At Corteva, we believe in the fundamental importance of listening and incorporating ideas that will help advance our mission and our objectives, and we continue to do that.  While I am pleased with our progress, I am not satisfied with our relatively flat earnings over the past three years. We have learned, we’ve adapted, and are now very well positioned to accelerate our growth and deliver on the tremendous opportunities we have created through our targeted investments and disciplined emphasis on cost and productivity. As I consider our path ahead, there is no doubt we have aligned our culture and gained the trust of our customers. At the same time, we have the right products and our portfolio transformation is underway, and we have the productivity programs in place to deliver our future.  Through disciplined and focused execution, we are confident this plan will deliver meaningful earnings growth and margin expansion in the near term and significant sustained, long-term value for all of our shareholders, and importantly puts Corteva fully on track to achieve our midterm targets. I’ll hand the call back to you, Jeff.
Jim Collins: Thanks Joel. Yes, as we’ve said in the opening comments, 2021 is a big step forward for us, and I really believe we’ve reached an acceleration point given the investments and the strategies that we’ve been putting in place since 2017, and believe they will drive substantial earnings for the years ahead. As a starting point for ’21, I think you’ve got to look at that fourth quarter momentum. That momentum is there and it’s real, and it gives you a strong sense for where that growth is going to come from.  As we’ve guided for ’21, as you see on the chart, that 15% to 20% improvement in EBITDA, and that’s a 200 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin, I believe that guide is strong and it’s realistic. As you’ve asked, let me give you some proof points on why I have some confidence in it. Two-thirds of the improvement in the business this next year is going to come through our crop protection business, and that’s tied to the productivity improvements that we’ve put in place - a number of footprint reduction projects, as they have started to flow through cost of sales, and you can really begin to see that in our CP margins. You add to that the continued ramp-up of either the new products that we’ve talked so much about, about $300 million or so of incremental new product sales, and then you start to unleash the spinosyn capacity that we have been investing in, so overall you get about $400 million of growth there.  Then all of that on crop protection is net of now the strategic decisions that we made to exit a number of key products, so while those decisions have been headwinds in the past, we’ve got those behind us now, so the numbers we’re talking to you about are net numbers.  Then about a third of that improvement next year is tied to our seed business, and you’ve really got to start that discussion by just looking at Latin America, he tremendous momentum we carried in the fourth quarter, and then you add to that expectations of, I don’t know, 5 million to 8 million acres of new crop coming back into corn and soybeans in North America, probably heavily weighted to soybeans, but it’s real out there. You can see it tied to the really strong demand that’s in the marketplace, and that’s being reflected in commodity prices. Then the other confidence I have in our seed business is with respect to pricing. You look at what we delivered in 2020, 2% price improvement in corn and 2% price improvement in soybeans globally, we’ve got a track record now there and so we’re going to count on that track record. We will have a little headwind in the seed business tied to commodity prices and cost of sales, and then don’t forget about Brevant as we’re thinking about the bridge next year. We’re just scratching the surface of what Brevant as well as Enlist is going to be able to deliver for us. I think this is a strong and realistic guide for 2021, and I have a lot of confidence in this plan and my team that we can deliver that.
Jim Collins: Great David, thanks for the question. You’re right - in our outline, our prepared remarks today, we really are affirming our midterm targets, and that’s that 12% to 16% EBITDA growth using 2019 as a baseline. We’re not going to provide guidance for 2022--you know, specific guidance for 2022, but we do see that continued momentum that I was just talking about that we have going into 2021. It’s a little hard to sit here today and predict the market in ’22, but we can talk about the levers that are still going to be within our control, that have given me confidence to confirm those midterm targets. You start in seed with really Enlist, and in 2021 we’re just scratching the surface on the margin lift that Enlist can deliver for us. By 2022, we’re really into the noticeable improvement in net royalty expense as we not only ramp up the top line revenue but we ramp up the proprietary portion of those sales that are in Corteva germplasm, and then we’re going to continue to see improvement in the rest of our portfolio in a few other areas. Then I mentioned--I always need to keep reminding folks about Brevant. Again, ’21, it’s going to be a good year, a good start year for us, but 2022 will allow us to continue that momentum into that retail channel with Brevant. On crop protection, the main story there is momentum. We delivered $250 million of new product incremental revenue in 2020. ’21 is going to be another strong year with about $300 million of incremental from those new products. We had 140 new product registrations that were received right here at the end of 2020 that will just start having momentum in ’21, and you’ll feel that again in ’22. Then on top of the top line revenue that we’ll get from crop protection, by ’22 we’re really starting to see the compounding effects of better margins on that new chemistry as higher volumes flow through that same asset base and take up--you know, we start to spread that fixed cost over a much broader base. You’re seeing some of that in ’21, but as those new product sales continue to ramp, it shows up in ’22, on top of that, the further improvements that you’re going to see from the asset footprint work that we’re doing, and we’ve got a good start at that this year coming up and it’ll show up next year.  All of these levers, we really have within our control and, again, while it’s early, we’ve still got ’21 to get through and tough to predict what that market will look like, but we’ve got our hands firmly on these levers and that’s what’s going to propel us to those midterm targets.
Jim Collins: Thanks Vincent for the question, and you’re right - for 2021, we are expecting approximately $100 million in seed input cost headwinds. Those are predominantly due to the higher commodity prices for soybeans that impact our grower compensation program, the way we compensate growers for producing seed. We also had lower seed field yields in Europe - it was a tough seed production year.  Just as background, we go out and we contract with independent growers to produce our commercial seed, and they have the opportunity to lock in a commodity price rate during a window, and especially with soybeans as we saw that run-up late in the season, they locked in at higher rates. We go into every year with our best foot forward, so as we put seed in the ground in ’21 for ’22 production, clearly we will lap those higher commodity prices, and if we see some tail off there, we’ll benefit from that. We’ll expect to always have good solid yield production in our fields. We work with a lot of irrigated fields, so we try to take the weather out of that as much as possible.  We’ve seen good trends, and I think we’ve got a lot in play that should help us support us as we come out of ’21 and into ’22.
Jim Collins: Great Arun, and thanks for your comment as well.  Due to the merger, we did inherit a number of U.S. manufacturing locations that have been more expensive than what I had personally experienced in the past around a more outsourced or a more localized approach to the business. We didn’t wait to take any actions to start optimizing the supply chain. Since merge, since the close of the merger, we’ve shut down nine manufacturing assets, and we are starting to see the benefits of those lower cost supply chains, so I do believe that 2021 is really an inflection point for us.  We really haven’t seen much of the benefits of those actions yet, and that’s kind of related to the amount of time that it takes to clear the regulatory hurdles. Every time you make a change in your supply chain, you have to go back and resubmit dossiers to regulatory authorities in every country around the world. You saw some restructuring, the 8-K that we filed that had restructuring in it - that’s just part of those programs that we’ve talked about, and we’ll just continue to roll forward. In our guides, in our confirmation of our midterm targets, we’ve included those strategic decisions in those guides. It’s one of the tools that we have, one of the ways that we get there and have confidence that they’re achievable, and then we’re always looking for opportunities and new ideas. We take every one of our active ingredients that we produce and we ask ourselves the question, can we be the lowest cost producer of that product? When that answer is no, the teams begin looking for alternate sources. When that answer is yes but we need project work to get there, we begin to put those initiatives in place to drive that. The best example I could point to is if you look at 2021’s EBITDA improvement, two-thirds of that improvement is going to be coming from those initiatives in our crop protection business, so I’ve got a lot of confidence, a lot of great visibility of those initiatives that are in flight, and exactly where we are in each one of those manufacturing units and those cost of sales points to be able to point to that. 
Jim Collins: The other thing, Jeff, just to highlight is our unfunded balance declined, and that was mostly due to changes in the OPEB obligation as a result of some changes that we made in benefits.
Jim Collins: Great Tim. Thanks for mentioning the crop protection. You mentioned Latin America right there at the end - Jonas, our insecticide business in the fourth quarter in Latin America was up 36%, and our fungicide business in Latin America was up 28%, so as Tim said, really strong close for the year by that team. On a full year basis, we were also up similar numbers, so we’re encouraged by our CP market share as well. Thanks Jonas.
Jim Collins: Great, thanks Steve. Clearly improving commodity price markets helps the psychology of everybody involved, and farmers always think about their decisions as investments in their future to drive productivity and yield, so higher commodity prices means they will continue to push for yield and be able to take advantage of that yield.  What I like about what we’re seeing right now is we feel like the demand side of this equation that’s driving those commodity prices is pretty durable for the one to two-year term as we look out. China’s demand curve seems to be strong as they’re rebuilding their pork industry, and we know we’ve got demand for exports in other markets and strong demand for animal feed that we’re seeing come back in North America, and with the carry-over stocks where we’re seeing them.  I, like you, believe that we have support for those commodity prices here for the next two or three years, and that’s driving our acreage assumptions as well. I would expect 182 million corn and soybean acres when you combine them. It’s a little hard to call the split there, but probably the best news we’re hearing right now is we don’t seem to be--it’s going to favor soybeans, we know that. Any increases will go into soybean acreage, but it’s not coming out of corn, so it’s really setting up for both a strong corn and bean. When you look at our revenue guide for next year, as you mentioned, just remember that in that guide, that is a net top line revenue number and it’s net of about $300 million of revenue that we phased out of from 2020, going into ’21, the first of those strategic decisions around chlorpyrifos, and then in several other low margin products, very, very generic, and just probably not the right kind of products for our portfolio going forward. We’re certainly in a mix enrichment and refreshment of that portfolio and basically have the majority of those big strategic decisions now behind us. Back to my comment earlier, I think this guide is a strong and a realistic guide with all of those elements really baked into it, and we still have a full season ahead. We’re sitting here early in ’21 with a lot to go, but we’re confident we’ve set this at the right spot. Thanks Steve.
Greg Friedman: Yes PJ, on royalties, we are in 2020 a relatively flat on our royalty spend, and we’ll continue into 2021 pretty much on the same basis. As we go into 2022 and start ramping up more of our proprietary products in germplasm, we’ll start to see that royalty expense come down, and that will continue beyond 2022 through the rollout of Enlist through the end of the decade. We do, as you know, have some minimum payments that we make every year. Those will end in 2023. 
Greg Friedman: Yes, specifically on cash flow, we had a very strong cash generation year, as you commented, this year. A lot of that was driven by real specific actions that we took to manage our working capital and also manage our capital spending, particularly during the pandemic. What also happened towards the end of the year is we saw some very good cash generation by our customers through the government programs that they received some benefit from, and in addition to that the rise in commodity prices towards the end of the year also generated some incremental income for our customers, and we got the benefit of that with some cash generation at the end of the year. As we go into 2021 and beyond, we are looking at increasing our capital spending. We were at $475 million in 2020 and you’ll see in our guide that we’ve included capex at about 550 in 2021, so we put some of our capex on hold and we plan to reinvest in our growth projects in 2021 and beyond. In addition to that, we do expect to return to a more normal cash-credit mix with our customers, so there will be some changes in working capital as we move through 2021 and assuming a more normalized cash-credit mix.
Greg Friedman: Yes, so on pensions specifically, we saw a net decrease in the obligation, and that was driven by two things: number one, an increase in the gross obligation given discount rates, and that was offset by our asset returns. 
Greg Friedman: Yes, on cash calls, you mentioned pension and OPEB. Specifically with respect to the pension, we continue to be confident that we don’t have a required contribution to the pension plan in the next couple years; in fact, as I mentioned earlier, our returns this year exceeded the cost of the plan, so our funded rate improved. You’ll see the details of all of that in the 10-K when we issue that in the next several days, so apologize for not having the details readily available for you for that. Regarding OPEB, no additional cash calls other than what we normally see on an annual basis, and as Jim mentioned, with the changes that we made to the plan, that reduced the liability significantly.
