Jim Collins: Great. Thanks, Dave. And before we get to your questions, let me offer a few final comments. As you can see in our results, this organization is executing. We are off to a strong start to the year. And despite some of the unplanned headwinds from market-related factors, we are on track with our expectations. And as we look ahead, we remain focused on driving progress against those fundamental elements of our strategy, advancing our industry leading innovation pipeline, including the ramp-up of our proprietary Enlist system, and delivering on our productivity and cost savings initiatives and maintaining our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Now we have considerable momentum right now, and we expect focused execution in our plan will enable us to continue to generate value and deliver on our commitments to our shareholders. The market backdrop is clearly strengthening. And despite macro uncertainties, we expect favorable market dynamics to continue through the mid-term. Our current pace is aligned with our mid-term earnings targets, and we are well positioned to create significant durable value for shareholders in 2021 and beyond. And finally, at the foundation of this is a fully focused team and a strong legacy of technology leadership, which can be traced all the way back to the founding of the Pioneer brand, which, by the way, just celebrated its 95th anniversary. This legacy and a shared sense of accountability for our commitments and our purpose demonstrates that the culture we have built at Corteva is solid. The events of this past year have left an undeniable impact on all of us. Our Corteva teams rose to this challenge, prioritizing the safety of our colleagues, our customers and our communities and our teams around the world continue to do that today. 2021 has proven that the pandemic recovery remains uneven and an ongoing focus on our values, including safety, are just going to remain critical as this global health crisis intensifies in parts of the world, such as India. As a global citizen, with operations in 140 countries, we remain as committed as ever to taking actions locally in the communities in which we operate. Harnessing the power of our scale provides to deliver value for all of our stakeholders. So, let me now hand the call back to Jeff.
Jim Collins: Yes. Absolutely, Dave. It is always hard to call that first quarter, second quarter mark. And while we talked in the opening comments about a strong finish to the Latin America season and really strong start to Europe, I would say North America is a little bit behind the pace that we had last year, and you will see that North America pace tick up in 2Q. If we had 3 or 4 more good days of weather, North America might have been pretty much right on top of where they were last year. That’s how much business can move in just those few days right around that quarter end. So as I sit here today, we have caught up on all of our shipments in North America to where we were this same day last year. I feel really good about where North America is going to finish. And you called it exactly right, Dave. We are on our plan for the half, and we expect to be right on plan for full year at this point.
Jim Collins: I will just close it out, Joel, as we asked about, as we look forward, other levers that we have. We are going to obviously finish through the first half here, get this North American market kind of behind us. We still have a lot of seed to put in the ground in North America. But then we have got that second hemisphere season ahead of us in Latin America. And I feel really good about the setup there, but we still have some pricing opportunities in the second half that we are going to explore. We still might have some volume. We are hearing that the Safrinha season, as acres expanded last year, we think we could see some acreage expansion. We found a little of that in already, but we are going to watch that really carefully. And then as I mentioned before, one of the big keys for us are those productivity initiatives. They are well underway. We have got good momentum there, and we are going to keep pressing those forward. So, as I said before, it’s early. We are taking a real balanced view right now with this outlook that we have given, and we are going to keep updating it as the year unfolds. Thanks, Joel.
Jim Collins: Yes. And Vince, as you look at that chart, just to reinforce the message, the margin impact from that gain was 112 basis points, not dollars. So, as you look at the bottom of the chart, those are basis point numbers, not dollars.
Jim Collins: Thanks, Tim. And P.J., I know you were focused on North America. But also in the quarter, if you look at Latin America pricing, we were up 14%. And in the quarter, crop protection pricing was up 6%. So as I said, we’ve installed that methodology and that thinking now in the organization, and we’re going to continue to keep the focus there.
Jim Collins: Right. So overall, I’d say we’re pretty excited about this market backdrop that Tim just talked about and you mentioned acres wise. And we don’t believe this is just a 2021 thing. We think as we start to set up for 2022, we can have a couple of good years here from an acre and supply constraints that we’re seeing globally. And it’s the right kind of problem to have. It’s just really strong grain demand out there accruing those opportunities. Thanks. 
Jim Collins: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. Clearly, a strong market backdrop, good commodity prices, net farm income levels, where they are, provides opportunities for a grower to make an investment in their crop, whether it’s continue to purchase really, really strong high-performance seed, but also to make that investment in a strong Crop Protection program. And there is no doubt that as we come into this season here in 2021, the investments that growers are making in, we control, is really showing up. And it’s maybe not as much in the corn herbicide market, but we’re really just feeling in the soybean herbicide. And we’re leading that charge with Enlist. Our business in North America for herbicides organically growth-wise revenue price volume was up 32% in the first quarter over last year. So you can really see that momentum. And we’re feeling that in other places around the world. So as we start to shape up for 2022, we’re going to be there with a strong lineup of crop protection products. And the overall market backdrop will give us that opportunity to, as Tim said, consider all of those factors as we think through our pricing strategy for this next year. In terms of the supply perspective, we really only had one small issue globally, and that’s been in Europe. And it’s just been related to some production constraints that we felt this past year. There were parts of Europe that had some real weather-related issues. It’s not just a Corteva thing. There are other folks in the industry that are feeling that similar pressure. And by and large, I think we’ve kind of worked our way through it now, and we’ve put ourselves in a position going into ‘22 to have the supplies that it’s going to take. So – anyway, finishing off on pricing for a moment. I think the best answer to that is you just got to look back at our track record and what we’ve accomplished over the years. And we’ve done – we’ve accomplished that track record in some pretty tough markets. And as markets start to improve, we’re going to continue to drive that, going forward. Thanks, Steve.
Jim Collins: And on the second half of your question around EBITDA margin improvement going forward, 2021 is a first really good installment there. By the end of the year, we will have added 200 basis points to our EBITDA margin. And the trajectory that we’re on, as we’ve talked about before, is to continue to drive EBITDA towards those midterm growth targets that we laid out. And you’ll continue to see those EBITDA margins climb.
Jim Collins: Excellent. Well, we thank you all for joining the call today and really appreciate your interest in Corteva. Have a great day.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Thanks Dave, by the way, good morning and nice to meet you. So, I think a couple of things, just to add a little bit to what Jim said and kind of back to your question. Number one, as you would suspect, we spent a lot of time on the subject. I mean, this is something that has really been a focus and attention of this leadership team, with this management team. And it’s a headline item, obviously, not just for Corteva, its industry wide phenomena that you are seeing in a number of the releases. Some of the things that I think stand out, just to add a little bit to what Jim said. Number one, we are on track in terms of our annual productivity. That’s the key message. The $250 million guide that we gave you at the beginning of the year, we are on track for that. So, what we are really talking about is what is the incremental impact relative to that. So, seed yields and commodity costs, that’s the biggest item. For the quarter, we are impacted about – estimate of about $30 million and about $150 million for the full year. Sea freight and logistics would be second, followed by glysophate, precious metals, the catalyst in terms of use in our crop protection processes. And then the core protection supply and freight. These make up in total, the delta that we are talking about in terms of impact for the year, so whereas previously, we had net of productivity positive for the year. Now what we are looking at is negative $50 million impact for the year as a result of all of this. So, that’s a big impact for us. The delta, previously, if you looked at, again, productivity of $250 million, our previous guide would have been that we would have had positive, about $150 million net. Now we are looking at net $50 million negative. So, that’s the $200 million swing that we talked about for the year. Hopefully, that helps. And then, just to reinforce what Jim said, the best judgments we have right now we will continue to refine this and also taking a step back just to reinforce that we are on track for the full year in terms of that EBITDA growth and that EBITDA margin improvement.
Dave Anderson: Yes. Good morning Vincent. Nice to meet you. This is Dave. So, we recognized actually about a $14 million gain on the re-measurement of a strategic R&D technology equity investment in the quarter. So, it’s relatively de minimis in the scheme of things. So, I think that’s the important thing for you to understand. Now the one thing I think I would just add a little bit to that, while we are on the subject is, if you will, if you look at the total in terms of the other column, when we look at EBITDA walk or the EBITDA bridge, that also does include also some benefit of a reversal of a bad debt accrual that basically reflects very good collections activity and obviously, just the strength of farmer income. So, just the overall market environment is positive. But if you take those together, that represents in the neighborhood of about $30 million to $35 million for the quarter. In total for the year, it’s part of our walk – when we do our bridge from where we were to where we are now in terms of, as Jim said, our balanced outlook, that is included in that. In the context of the overall performance and profitability and size of EBITDA for the company, again, I think it’s relatively small in the scheme of things. But it’s a good question. I am glad we are able to flag that and point that out.
Dave Anderson: Yes, it’s a very good point, Jim. And hopefully, that both the dollar amount that I mentioned to you, $14 million for that one item, the overall, if you will, other contribution to EBITDA, hopefully, that all puts it in perspective.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Well, it’s a really good point. Jim mentioned the $450 million in the quarter, approximately returned to shareholders. That’s obviously a foundational item for us when we think about capital deployment, Corey, as you know. And as you say, we’re on track probably to complete the majority of our outstanding share buyback through the first half, certainly through the first three quarters of the year. So timing there will be sort of to be determined. But it really does open up the good point that given the cash generation of the company is the opportunity to continue to deliver value back to shareholders, not only in terms of the operational performance and excellence of the company, but also through our ongoing dividend as well as the share buyback program. We’re going to be talking more about that later in the year. We’re going to have more visibility as we complete the first half. We will have more transparency too around – for us internally, around the outlook for working capital, some of the other key components for the full year. So we will come back to you and update you at that time. But it’s a very good question because the things you’re talking about are foundational in terms of how we’re thinking about the company, and we’re thinking about capital employment. Hopefully, that helps.
Dave Anderson: I would just say, too, it’s a really good question because it’s one that’s not surprising a topic for our leadership team, and particularly as we look at the strength of the first quarter, what we’re delivering, I mentioned the positive in terms of the SG&A expense that we have. And we look at that on both, obviously, a nominal basis and also net of inflation in terms of performance that we’re delivering. The key thing is, in addition to productivity, we’ve also, as you know, invested behind some restructuring. And a lot of that benefit is going to flow through in future periods. So we’ve got some things that are in the stream, if you will, that are active, that are also going to benefit us going forward. But as Jim said, this isn’t just – this isn’t a static process, a very, very dynamic process. We’re going to continue to look at how do we continue to replenish this portfolio of programs and projects. And that’s a big part of delivering in terms of our forward plan.
Dave Anderson: Yes. It’s a really good question. Again, it’s against the backdrop of the strength of our operating performance and our cash flow outlook, that multiyear guidance that we’ve given in terms of cumulative cash from operations through 2022. So that really does provide us the foundation, as I mentioned earlier, that provides us the foundation in terms of flexibility, going forward. I think it’s a really, really timely question given that. And it’s one that Jim and I have talked about. We will have, obviously, the opportunity to do deeper analysis, working with not only the finance team, but others in the organization, sharing some thoughts with the board, coming back and later in the year, probably sharing more thoughts also with investors. So that’s something I would say is very much on our minds. I would say right now, the thing that we’re really focused on is just continuing to execute operationally, deliver the margin expansion and deliver, obviously, the cash flow for the year. And continue to reward shareholders, not only through our operating performance, but also through our ongoing dividend and our share buyback program. And then that gives us optionality. And I think that’s a plus I would say we look forward to giving you updates on that as we go forward. And I would put pension into that category. And you’re right I have had a fair amount of experience in that. It’s just something you do over the course of your career. So it’s one of the things that I’ll be working to with the team around in terms of options that we have there. Thanks for the question.
