Kim Booth: Good morning and welcome to Corteva’s first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection business unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today’s presentation, we will be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It’s now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thank you, Dave. On Slide 13, I what to briefly share the key topics of our upcoming R&D innovation update. As a reminder, the virtual event will be held this coming Tuesday May 9 at 9.30 a.m. Eastern. It will be a 90 minute webcast including 30 minutes of Q&A. Chuck and Sam Eathington, our Chief Technology and Digital Officer, will provide more detail on our leading pipeline and insights into how and where we are choosing to invest in R&D. Registration details are available on our website and we look forward to your participation at the event. I’d also like to take a second to highlight that we released our 2022 sustainability and ESG report on April 4, which is available on our website. Now let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Kim Booth: Okay. Thank you. And that concludes today’s call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day.
Robert King: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Chuck. Like Chuck was talking about, the underlying demand remains unchanged. So when you begin to look at what is price for value when we talk about that, it’s the same strategy that we’ve had across the last year as well, where we say, we’re looking at our differentiated products, our new products that give a new technology, a different technology to the growers that really helps them begin to add value to their farm. And it’s a – it’s an opportunity for them to be able to protect yield and improve yield. So when we talk about price for value, we’re talking about – we’re going to price in such a way that the farmers are getting to add value, and we’re getting paid for our technology. And so it’s a strategy we’ve used over the last year, and we will continue to use this with price and productivity to help offset the inflation and FX that we’ve had over the last year and that you’ve seen in the first quarter.
Robert King: Kevin, when you begin to look at our tenant inventory, we track our distributor inventory as well as our product-to-ground. So we have a pretty good handle on what’s going on in the channel from our inventory standpoint. And when you look at it across the regions, they are full as they should be at this time of the year, especially in North America. But overall, for Corteva, we’re about normal. The two hotspots are two exceptions. One is in Asia, where we have insecticide inventory in the channel that is elevated but we do believe we’re in a better position there than the industry is from a standpoint of channel inventory there that it will work itself out across the second half of the year. And in Latin America, fungicide obviously, is one that is up, as we talked about in Q4 and as we got into the drought. So fungicide is something there that also we believe with normal weather will work itself out across the year also. When you begin to look at the shift that we talk about there and how does that impact channel inventory, really, it’s just the shift of first half, second half that we’re talking about. And that’s the normalization of buying that’s happening right now that we’re seeing in Crop Protection. And this really has a lot of things to do with the supply chain getting better. Disruptions aren’t totally gone but they are manageable now. And so the supply chains have plenty of availability for the farmers. So with that, they don’t need to buy right now. And then when you begin to look at all the other extraneous factors that will impact their decisions from glyphosate pricing dropping and then looking at how that impacts, etcetera. And quite honestly, the retailers are really trying to manage their cash flow. And so they are looking at things as well to make sure that they are empty by the end of the season. And so with all that, you get delayed buying pattern that really is more normal. And so when we say normalized, you begin to look at prior years before ‘22 and you begin to see that we’re just basically saying that ordering will become more like it has been in the past.
Robert King: Yes. Thanks Chuck. On the CP side, let me start with – we continue to see the market will grow on a year-over-year basis even in ‘23, where we expecting from the non-glyphosate – take glyphosate out, about 6% to 8% or mid-single digits really is really the better normal or the better number. For our growth on total market, when you begin to look then at how we performed from a market standpoint, 2022, the organic growth for the industry was in the mid-teens. And we grew, as you saw in the Q4 report, about 20% on organic growth. So, we expect we picked up a few points of market share around the globe. Obviously, all the numbers aren’t totally in, so we got to see how things settle out. But we do expect that we have gained a little bit over the last year. And as you begin to project that forward into this year and what’s happening, the volume is growing from crop protection around the world and for us as well. The shift that I talked about earlier is just timing. And so the demand remains very strong as we see it. And for us, it’s really centered around the differentiation and the strategy that we put in place to be differentiated and sustainably advantaged in our portfolio, and that’s really being driven by two areas primarily. New product growth as you saw in first quarter was up, and we expect that we will be up across the year from new products. And Spinosyns, Spinosyns continue to be a franchise of over $1 billion this year, and it is continuing to grow. So, when you begin to look at how we are different in the market, we are continuing to be able to deliver new technologies to the growers that really helped them add value and yield to their farms. So, those are some of the things that’s driving us, how we see the numbers a little bit there across the last year and the first quarter.
Tim Glenn: Hey, good morning, Vincent. So our North America pricing, obviously off to a strong start in terms of pricing. And I’d say it’s turning out consistent with our expectations, clearly driven by our strong value proposition. And in terms of our ability to execute in the field, I think we’ve got several years of demonstrating that we’re going to get paid for value that we deliver. In terms of the mix between corn and soy, I’d say the first quarter soy numbers, there is a little bit of an anomaly in that in the sense that we had a route-to-market change. And so it’s – I think it’s showing up at about 1% on soy in the first quarter, and that’s going to be lower than what we would expect over the course of the season. The route-to-market change is driven by the move from direct sales in the South and mid-South to dealer sales. And so instead of paying a commission on the back end, it’s an off-invoice discount. So our gross price is different under the two models. But in the end, what our margins – it will demonstrate pricing there. In terms of how the season has gone, I’d say, as competitive as normal, farmers have been very committed to corn and very strong corn orders throughout the season. And soybeans are always just a little bit more competitive. But I’d say playing out as we expect and I think representative of what we will see over the course of the season.
Tim Glenn: Hey Jeff. On the second – or the first question, I guess on the mix, if we are seeing an improving mix in corn technology, what I would say is when you look over the course of the season, our technology mix doesn’t vary that much on a year-to-year basis. Farmers get comfortable with certain types of technology. It’s critical for their operation. They kind of plan accordingly for that. And in terms of the year-to-year shift, you might have a point or 2 points shift, but it tends to be very consistent. I think what you are seeing in terms of first quarter versus first half is we had a little bit different mix in terms of the out-the-door sales. And so we probably had a lower representation of the Pioneer in the sales rep model and more dealer distributor, which will be primarily Brevant into retail as well as in the South and Southeast where Pioneer is going through distribution as well. So, probably saw more of a mix effect on the quarter in terms of channel versus technology. And again, our technology they don’t change that much. I would just emphasize, we had a kind of a miserable end of March and beginning of April. So, that’s why we ended up with a higher percentage of – from a weather standpoint, from a higher percentage of, call it, dealer distributor business and to farmers through our agents. So – but the technology mix doesn’t change on a year-to-year basis so much.
Tim Glenn: Hey Steve. Good morning. This is Tim. I will take this. So, there are a couple of things happening in terms of seed in Brazil and we knew we were going to be tight on supply. And as you called out there, and we have been talking about that, I think for probably the last couple of quarters, we had low inventory, challenging production seasons. And so we knew we were very tight in terms of what our supply would be for the entire safrinha season. And what happened was the dynamic played out as soybean harvest continued. It expanded into some of the smaller states. And so Montegrosso, which is about half of Safrina was planted on a relatively timely basis. But when you get into Sao Paulo and then [indiscernible] and Paraná was much more delayed. And so in the end, there were fewer hectares planted. And you are right, Conab is showing about 3% increase, we had planned and expected for it to be more like 10%. So, that’s where we talk about the season being shortened. And in terms of the timing, what was fourth quarter a little bit bigger, it was, and part of that was because farmers knew we were going to be tight on supply, and they physically wanted to have that seed and so there was a pull from our farmer customers to get that seed in their hand. When you look at it on a seasonal basis, so with the – let’s assume the 3% area increase, take our volume in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, we are actually about flat on volume. So – and that includes very strong price increases as you have seen right there. So, didn’t play out exactly as we expected it to, but we are very close to holding share in a market where we knew we were tight on supply, and we were very strong on value capture. And as we go forward, so I will touch on the whole question around supply just so we can do it, kind of close the door on that. We did take a different approach in terms of focusing much more on summer production and we are much less dependent upon just-in-time or safrinha seed production. So, just like farmers have summer season and safrinha season, we produce over both. We increased the mix of production more towards the summer season. As we sit here today, a significant portion of the seed that we are going to use for the upcoming summer and safrinha seasons has either been harvested or it’s very close to being harvested. So, we are in a materially better position to meet the needs of the market based on the growth trajectory. And as we look at next year, we expect that Brazil will continue to increase both soybean area and safrinha area and that we are going to be in a good position to meet the needs.
Tim Glenn: I think that’s heading my way again, Kristen. Good morning. So, in terms of the state of the season, I describe overall, we are off to a decent start with planning progress. And we are at – on corn, we are at about the 5-year average as of Monday when the USDA last reported, and we are slightly ahead of the 5-year average on soybeans. And so again, it’s despite getting off to a really pretty slow start at the beginning of April as we were working through the end of winter and really moving towards spring conditions. Across the corn belt, all indications are that we are going to continue to get the crop in the ground on a timely basis. So, we do have some isolated places where we have had some river flooding due to the snow melt. And you pointed out Northeast Iowa is one of those areas. Another area that we are looking really closely at is the Northern Plains or the Red River Valley. Tuesday afternoon, I had a conversation with our area leader there to understand where we were sitting and actually a tremendous amount of progress has been made up there, and we are very optimistic that farmers are going to be able to get most or nearly all this crop in the ground. So, the thing we got to remember is that we have large farmer customers, and they are highly motivated to get the crop in the ground. So, we have got about 30 days of good corn planting window here, call it, the month of May in front of us. And as the season opens in those areas, farmers are going to be able to move fast, and they are very motivated to get that corn in the ground. So, we will continue to watch it. But as of right now, I would not put up a red flag on that.
Tim Glenn: Yes. Arun, on the seed side, obviously, it’s too early to call 2023 on a market share standpoint. We felt good about how our order position has sat for both corn and soybeans in North America and Europe as the season has gone on. So, we will kind of wait and see how the season developed, but we feel pretty decent about where we are sitting right there. In terms of how we performed over the past several seasons, much like Robert said, we carry a lot of momentum in the marketplace right now. And on the seed side, we have been growing – holding our growing market share for the last several seasons in many of the largest markets out there. So, North America corn and soy, last year, we gained about a point each, which is significant. We have had multiple years of share growth in Europe on corn and sunflowers. And up until this past safrinha season, we have been on a very positive share track across Brazil as well. So, when we think about unit volume as important because it is the metric that’s key in the marketplace. We also look at the value share out there as well. And I think when you look at the combination of strong unit growth as well as the pricing we have been able to deliver over the past several seasons as well, we are also gaining on that value side as well. So, feel very comfortable about where we are at and something that we do watch as a key metric for our business.
Dave Anderson: Sure. Yes. So as we cited on prepared remarks in our release, we’re raising the guide for the year. That really reflects two things. One is the higher EBITDA, the higher earnings. We also just fine-tuned. It’s not that significant, but it’s part of the math, fine-tune our CapEx full year forecast. In terms of improvement for here, there is a lot that’s going on in the organization and in both businesses that’s really giving us greater confidence in terms of our cash flow for the year. On the other side of the equation, what we have is with some of the timing difference in terms of the distribution between 1H and 2H. We’ve obviously going to be carrying a little bit more working capital, including as you would suspect, we will have receivables balances that will be weighted now more significantly than our original forecast towards the second half and towards the end of the year. So it’s really the balance of those items. I think as we look into ‘24 and ‘25, we remain very confident in our ability to continue to increased cash flow as well as cash flow conversion. And by the way, just to tell you a little bit about the conversion numbers, that conversion for 2023, the midpoint, the $1.3 billion free cash flow represents about 63% of our operating earnings. So if you will, the free cash flow divided by our operating earnings forecast, it’s implied with our EBITDA update, our EPS update, which compared to EBITDA of used EBITDA then as the denominator, it would be more in the neighborhood of about 35%. So it also gives you some relative measures. But we’re very, very confident looking forward that we’ve got the ability to continue to drive towards the kind of numbers that you mentioned in the 40% and then even into the 50% range on cash flow conversion as it relates to EBITDA as the denominator.
Dave Anderson: Maybe I can take that one. So when you look at the first quarter and – sorry, there we go. When you look at the first quarter, of course, the pricing, as we talked about, was influenced also by EMEA. And just maybe just chat a little bit about that just to give you some perspective. As we mentioned, Chris, in the call that we had fairly significant currency headwinds in EMEA in quarter one. And in fact, if you exclude euro-based currencies, the headwind was only 1%. So it really gives you kind of an indication of how significant it was. So given that fact, that really also influenced our pricing. So in other words, it wasn’t just the price for value and against cost, it was also against the currency headwinds that we faced. So that’s important. As we’ve indicated, our pricing remains on track for the full year against our original guide that we made for pricing. And the numbers are significantly consistent whether you look at the seed business where we expect high single-digit pricing for the full year or crop protection, where we expect low to mid-single-digit pricing for the full year for crop. So no change from that. And again, first quarter very much influenced by that EMEA phenomenon that I mentioned to you.
Dave Anderson: Yes. This is Dave. I can give you a little bit of additional color on that. So again, it’s against the backdrop of the EBITDA guide, as you decided that we have given for the full year, call it, $3.65 billion at the midpoint. When you look at the pattern for this year, we would expect revenues to be slightly different, but roughly in line with last year. So, roughly 60% first half, 40% second half. On the other hand, on the – in the EBITDA, as I have said, if you look at last year, we had about 85%, a little over 85% of our EBITDA that was generated last year was generated in the first half. We are going to be some 300 basis points to 400 basis points likely less than that in terms of 1H 2023 EBITDA as a percent of the total year compared to 2022. So, when you do that, and back into math, what you get is you still have growth, obviously, in the second quarter, but it’s more muted for the reasons that we talked about, the timing of EMEA and the shift out of LatAm mostly from 1H last year or more significantly 1H last year into a more normalized pattern of 1H, 2H for this year. So, that’s really the difference. And again, that earnings, when you look at that distribution, it’s not that much different than we have had pre-2022 levels. So, hopefully that helps.
Dave Anderson: Yes. I think one of the things we have been saying, Chuck referenced this earlier is, we are well on path in terms of the product exits, the AIs, if you will, the active ingredients, exit as well as some of the geographies that we are exiting. So, the majority of that is going to be completed over the course of 2023, and that’s baked into our guidance. Now importantly, when you look at the numbers in terms of the significance of those exits, it really does have a big impact on the figures. So, for example, when you look at total Corteva for the full year, and now I am talking just specifically about volume, when you look at the full year on an adjusted basis, what we are going to see is positive growth of over 3% for total Corteva. It’s really significant when you look at the crop protection business, on the significance of exits because when you include both the impact of product exits and also the decision to exit Russia, which as you know, we announced in 2022. I mentioned for the first quarter that crop protection volume would actually be up. And for the full year, it’s going to be up attractively mid-single digits when you adjust for those strategic decisions. So, I think a couple of takeaways. I think number one, relative to your question, we are absolutely on track. It’s built into our numbers. You are seeing that, as Chuck said, in terms of the quality of earnings, you seeing that in terms of the margin lift that we are generating and the guide that we have given you for the full year. And second, the optics are fairly significant when you look at the volume numbers. So, when you adjust for those exits. The numbers are, as we have said, are pretty attractive and continue to contribute to our strong organic growth outlook that we have shared with you today.
