Kim Booth: Good morning and welcome to Corteva's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Chuck Magro, Chief Executive Officer; and Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President, Seed Business Unit; and Robert King, Executive Vice President, Crop Protection Business Unit, will join the Q&A session. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements which are our expectations about the future. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could materially differ from these statements due to these risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those discussed on this call and in the Risk Factors section of our reports filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. Please note in today's presentation, we'll be making references to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures can be found in our earnings press release and related schedules, along with our supplemental financial summary slide deck available on our Investor Relations website. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Chuck.
Kim Booth: Thank you, Dave. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP measures apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Kim Booth: And that concludes today's call. We thank you for joining and for your interest in Corteva. We hope you have a safe and wonderful day.
Dave Anderson: Let me just share with you a couple of highlights. And then, Tim, maybe you could comment a little bit on Vincent's point about Seed. Vincent, you're right. So, low single-digit for the company overall is the expectation right now. And again, this is an early indication and I call it, preliminary view as part of our framework for 2024. For Seed, Tim will comment more specifically, but obviously, we're looking at continued positive, we call it price for value, as you know. So, we think that's going to lead the way in terms of our year-over-year pricing performance. For Robert's business, the Crop Protection business, we think the price is going to be generally favorable with the exception significantly for our LatAm business, where we continue to see pricing pressures. In the aggregate, we think Crop Protection pricing will be potentially up slightly to neutral to down slightly compared to 2024. So taking all that together gets us to the low single-digits for the company. Again, early, Tim, you want to comment on Seed
Dave Anderson: Really no change in our thinking, Frank, at this point in time. This is a business we made decision to exit. Strategically, it fits as well -- that decision fits as well with our overall portfolio criteria today. So, appreciate the question, but no real change, no update in terms of our thinking.
Dave Anderson: Yes, Jeff, those are -- this is Dave. Those are good questions. So, you're right, there's a lot of free cash flow or cash from operations to be generated in the fourth quarter. When you look at it, though, on a year-over-year basis, if you will, the change on the change, it's significantly related to receivables slowdown reduction, which is very understandable in the light of the revenue outlook. And by the way, while DSOs have ticked up a bit, they're still within a very healthy parameters compared to historic averages. And then the other thing is inventory because we are bringing inventories down as a result of the volume declines. And as I mentioned earlier, and Robert referenced also the reduction in procurement or purchasing as a result of those lower volumes. So, both receivables and inventory will be sources of cash on a year-over-year basis, an important deliverable in the fourth quarter. Payables on the other hand will represent a headwind. Deferred revenue is not much of a change compared to prior year. So that's really not significant. It doesn't play really into it. It's really a working capital story. In terms of run rate, kind of where we want to be, where we need to be, I'm going to use free cash flow as opposed to cash from operations. So, after CapEx, free cash flow, we think, again, in the range of building to 40% then to 50% and so forth is very, very reasonable for the company. In 2024, when we look forward, we'll again have positive from working capital, we believe. We'll have a little bit of increase as a result of what we just mentioned. On the restructuring, for the Crop Protection business in terms of cash outflow on a year-over-year, there are some other puts and takes. But next year should be a good year for cash flow for the company. Thanks for the question.
Dave Anderson: Yes, yes., So we will see some growth in the fourth quarter in Brazil. And part of the reason is it compares to -- and this is on the crop protection side. It compares to an order pattern and a sales pattern last year, which, as you recall, was much more significantly accelerated. We saw basically a very significant increase in orders last year for Brazil. compared to this year in terms of the quarterly pattern. When we look for 2024, our preliminary thinking, and I think I had mentioned this earlier in the prepared remarks, we're looking at basically kind of flattish or muted volume growth on a year-over-year basis. We expect some of the macro conditions to continue that are characterized in the second half of this year.
Dave Anderson: And let me correct because I was looking at another data point when I referenced the Latin America Crop Protection, we're actually going to see volume declines in the fourth quarter in Crop Protection. So correct that.
Dave Anderson: Okay. So, this is Dave. Yes, thanks for the question. So, we're starting to see, as you know, we're seeing the price -- cost of raw materials fall. We indicated in our prepared remarks that we are seeing continued inflation in the third quarter for the Crop Protection business, but that's going to now start to come down in the fourth quarter. And we anticipate, again, early, but we anticipate favorability in 2024 on a year-over-year basis. In both Seed and Crop, it's going to be influenced by inventory turns, which as a result of inventory then translating into cost of goods sold and the timing of that. That's going to be a little bit of a buffer, if you will, against just either spot, ingredient or input costs or spot commodity costs in the case of seed. It will be a little bit also slower to actually translate in terms of cost benefit in the first half of the year just because of that phenomenon. It just takes a while. But overall, we're heading in the right direction. I feel very good and more to come in 2025. So we'll see another lift, another improvement as we look out to 2025.
Chuck Magro: Yes, good morning David. So, obviously, it's a pretty dynamic market that we're operating in right now. Let me just give you sort of what we're thinking. And it's a very good question. And obviously, we'll have a lot more to say as we give final results for the full year of 2023 in February, and then we'll really be able to talk about 2024 and with a level of degree of specifics that we just can't get into today. But I'd say right now, the entire Corteva organization, it's remaining very highly focused on hitting that $4.1 billion to $4.7 billion with the 21% to 23% EBITDA margins. I'm not going to talk about the specifics in terms of exact numbers because I think the key, I think, for us is that we're still feeling very good that we're within that range. And if you think about that just for a minute, a couple of years ago, just look at what's happened, right, over the last two years, we've had the Russia invasion of Ukraine. We've had a global chemical destocking, and now we're seeing weakness in Brazil, which we haven't seen weakness in Brazil since 2015. But when you put all that together, it's pretty clear that we've also overachieved when it comes to some of the controllables. So if you recall that the framework that we laid out last year, it had 4 buckets, portfolio simplification, royalty neutrality, product mix and what we called operational excellence. And these were largely in our control, and we've made very good progress. In fact, on a lot of these dimensions and elements, Dave in his prepared remarks commented, we're running a year and sometimes a little ahead of program there. So, we're finding ways as a management team and as an organization to offset some of the market headwinds that we've been -- have been put in front of us. So, I guess what I'd say right now is that when we look at the 2025 targets, we're still very comfortable we're well within that range. And that, of course, assumes that we don't see another significant step down in Brazil, for example, because we are planning as part of that 2025 framework that there's modest growth in Brazil over the next couple of years. So, if that was not to unfold, then we would obviously have to find ways to offset that weakness. And we've been pretty good at offsetting the weakness. If you think about just the acceleration of Enlist on those acres, that royalty neutrality is actually, we're making better progress than we thought there. The productivity and cost management issues in this organization, I've been very impressed with, our SG&A barely hasn't moved on an apples-to-apples basis. And now that just yesterday, we announced sort of that next level of our operational efficiency program. This is something that's been in the work for a very long time. We're quite pleased with the progress, and that will add to the operational excellence and cost management of the organization. So, when you put it all together, there's always puts and takes but we're feeling very good that we're still on the right track when it comes to delivering that framework.
Chuck Magro: Yes, good morning Joel. let me start with sort of the genesis of the program and the framework and the objectives, and then I'll turn it over to Robert to give you a bit more specifics. So, as you well know, I hired Robert about year and a half ago to run the Global Chemical business. And the program started almost immediately thereafter. So, we've been on this journey for well over a year when it comes to looking at CP ops. And really what we did, and Robert led the charge here for the organization is, we went out and we looked at sort of chemical operation best practices from literally around the world. . So it's been a very comprehensive review. It's been underway for a very long time. And it's a multi-program kind of programs that we're thinking about that will take us through, I'd say, the next couple of years and the benefits that you're going to see, we laid out some of the benefits for 2025 on a run rate basis of about $100 million. That was some of the work that we accelerated. But the real benefit for the program won't really bite until kind of post 2025. We're thinking that there's going to be very significant benefits between 2025 and 2030. And really, the objectives are -- if you think about our vision is, we want to bring our CP ops into kind of the modern operating world of chemicals. Safety is one of our core values. It's very important to our company, and that would be at the first and the top of the list when it comes to the objectives that we're trying to implement here. We also want to improve our supply reliability. We think we handled COVID pretty well. I think our performance was very good, but we -- but there's always room for improvement there. And then, of course, cost competitiveness. This industry is shifting. It's quite dynamic, and we want to maintain our global cost competitiveness. So, what you're going to see is that we're going to shift the model to sort of more asset-light and use really some third-party manufacturing, but really drive supply redundancies. That's going to be critical. And then some of the key technology that we own, and as you know, our portfolio is increasing in this area, those are assets that we're going to manufacture molecules from ourselves and really invest in modernization, driving advanced control technologies and in some cases, and this is important, we're going to be moving to sort of the next generation of CP manufacturing, which is modular or flexible type technology because. In today's world, the next generation of CP, we don't require big volumes in massive plants anymore. These -- and then, of course, you know the IP footprint is accelerating. So, when you think about what's needed in the next generation of CP, we need smaller, more nimble facilities that we can produce these plants relatively cheap products relatively cheaply, and that will move us into sort of that modular manufacturing mode. So, that's kind of the vision that we had for CP. And then, Robert, maybe you can just give a little bit specific in terms of the announcement that we made yesterday.
Chuck Magro: Yes, sure. So, Kevin, the way we're thinking about it, the $800 million at the midpoint that Dave provided and then the strength of this balance sheet, we have a lot of financial flexibility as an organization. We also have an A- credit rating. So, when you put all that together, and we've made very good progress, I think, on managing our working capital. It's been challenging because of the destocking that went through the global industry. But we don't think that next year will require, Dave, a significant investment in working capital. In fact, it could be a source of cash.
Chuck Magro: When you put all that together, we think that there will be incremental free cash flow in 2024. So, your question is a good question, how are we thinking about it? And the way we're thinking about it is we think that the formula that we've got right now works. We prioritize organic growth in the organization. And as you know, we're increasing investment in R&D. We're absolutely committed to that. We think it's the right thing to do longer term. But we also are now returning a significant capital to shareholders, which we have been a very good track record of doing that. And this year, 750 is a testament to that. And I would expect these decisions are obviously Board decisions, but I would expect that that formula that has served us well, I think, is something that we will certainly have a very good look at going into 2024. The other area, though, will be in organic growth. So, last year, we made two acquisitions in Biologicals, and I'd say we're very pleased about the performance. Even in this market backdrop, the Biologicals businesses are performing very well, and Dave gave some of those numbers today. And even next year, these businesses are expected to grow double-digits. So, we would be looking for other acquisitions or mergers or commercial relationships in the biological space for sure. And then, of course, any other opportunities that we think would drive long-term shareholder value. And so I think what you're going to expect to see is really a balanced approach to the allocation of capital. Organic growth, some inorganic growth perhaps and return of capital.
Chuck Magro: Good morning Steve, maybe Robert, you can answer the registration questions, and I can come back with the lessons learned.
Chuck Magro: And Steve, on the global CP destocking, look, I think every player in the industry has been involved in this in some dimension or degree. So are there lessons learned? Obviously, there is. And when we look back on it -- were there signs of sort of a buildup in the channel? Yes. There was. We watch this data very carefully. We have a lot of insights in terms of what's going to ground and what's going into the channel. And when you look back over the last couple of years, it was pretty clear that the demand on the farm was nice and consistent. And that was a good observation. It still remains that way today. but there was more product going in the channel than going out of the channel and so that was clear. But like we've internally discussed these were orders that were coming from long-established partners in the channel. These are major players that manage their inventory quite well, and these were real orders. And so when we started to think about this, I'm not sure we missed that. I think that there was a view that perhaps the on-farm demand would continue to increase. And that didn't happen, obviously, but the demand has been quite steady. I'd say if there was one area where when we look back now and we see what's happening in Brazil, because look, the US destocking, I'd say, is more or less, and there are pockets, but more or less behind us, which is the good news. But in Brazil, what we're seeing is that there's still elevated channel inventories. And that dynamic is different. The influence there that we're finding is that there is a significant amount of generic supply coming into the country, which is impacting the overall products that are available in Brazil, and that is slowing down the destocking And some of this data is visible and some of this data is less visible, and it was very difficult to put it all together. But it is pretty clear to us now that we've got sort of a unique situation in Brazil. That where we're seeing sort of generic pressure coming into the marketplace. And that is an area where we -- whether we are the only company that missed it, I don't know about that. But it is something that was -- that once we started to look for it, you could clearly see that there's elevated inventories now coming in from offshore from -- mostly from China.
Chuck Magro: Yes. Adam, the way I think about this is if you think about Q4, CP Brazil, the midpoint of the guide or the guidance range we're going to see continued weakness both in volumes and CP in our business and price because of the influence that that Dave just described. And the channel still has to go through some destocking. So, the way to think about Q4 is continued weakness in terms of volumes and some stress on price because of the destocking that we expect will continue at least into the first couple of quarters of 2024 because the channel is destocking, the rate of destocking, though, is just lower than we had expected. And so when I look at this, I'd say we're going to get to a destock Brazil. I can't tell you exactly when. But from a planning perspective, going to assume that at least for the first two quarters of 2024 that we're going to see some weakness when it comes to overall volumes because of the destocking.
Chuck Magro: Yes. So, I guess at the highest level, we still think Brazil is a fantastic market. It's one of the only markets in the world that will continue to grow production. And certainly, Corteva is absolutely committed to the market. In fact, if you think about Brazil over the last -- in 2015, the last time we sort of had a pause in that market, soybean hectares are up something like 30%. Corn hectors up something like 40%. So, it's just been a great growth market. And a lot of companies have enjoyed that. But Brazil has never been a straight line up nor will I believe that it will ever be an easy market to do business in. And there's going to be periods I think where we're going to see a pause or even a step back. But we're still highly committed to this market. Now, when I talk about generics, I guess, let me define it for you. These are organizations that produce molecules that are -- it's not the off-patent companies. These organizations have no local representation in country and no service, which is very important. They ship the bulk molecule into the country and then they assume that it will be picked up distributors or a lot of times it goes direct to large farmers. That's how we define generics. And generics have always been a part of the global CP market. I don't think there's anything new here except potentially one thing. So generics have always been part of the global market. It's always been a slightly larger part of the Brazilian CP market. Where I think we've been observing in the last, I'd say, three months or so is that there's a new level of aggressiveness when it comes to pricing. And in fact, we would say that a lot of these molecules, the prices that they're selling for would not cover their full costs. So, where does this go to your question? We think that this is not sustainable, and there's a lot of reasons why that is. But there is a performance trade-off for these AIs that I think it's important. Many of these AIs are older chemistry and so they'll have resistance issues. And a lot of the farmers, I'd say many or most of the farmers, really want the service. And in Brazil, especially technology does matter. Given the insect and disease pressure that, that country has, you can get away with generics for a short period of time, perhaps and make the cost performance trade-off. But longer term, I think that there's going to be a growing place for differentiated technology, especially when it's backed by high service. And so we don't think that this is a structural change in the country, but it is a reality today that we have to deal with.
Chuck Magro: Yes. So, let me give you the backdrop and then I'll turn it over to Tim, maybe you can cover Seed and Robert, you can cover CP. The backdrop, as we said in the prepared remarks, the fundamentals are still they're still robust. They're mixed, given the Brazil weakness we're seeing. But there has been record demand for biofuels. And in fact, feed demand is quite high in North America. So global stocks to use are ticking up a little bit. But overall, what we're expecting is that there'll still be healthy farmer dynamics, and that's exactly what we're seeing. Farmers are still prioritizing their investments in yield and production. They're managing this very, very well. And we don't see a very significant shift in sort of buying behavior, except for the kind of the thing we've talked about many times, they move just in time. So, the overall Ag market fundamentals are healthy. And maybe, Tim, you can talk about -- go around the regions in seed and then we'll do the same thing in CP.
Robert King: Yes, the announcement yesterday is one that will be a big step forward for us. It's -- when you look at the pieces that Chuck laid out there, really focused on what can we control. And this one is a big part of the strategy that we laid out at Investor Day, where we're -- our journey is to become excellent in operations, and we don't take that lightly. It really underscores the approach of shifting more to an external supply balance with asset-light capital. That's going to improve our cost competitiveness and our network flexibility to be able to respond and change with the ever-changing markets that we're in. . The thing about this is that this is something that we started on about a year ago, I think, as Chuck said. But we've been able to do some acceleration. The environment has allowed us to do some acceleration, but we've been working on this for some time. So, the execution of these actions is going to allow us to not only drive profitability. But we're going to be much more competitive in the market from a cost standpoint, and it puts us much further down the road.
Robert King: Sure. Yes, Frank [ph], you're right. Anything that we produce does have registrations. It does tie to where it's made. And then, of course, where it's applied. Optinyte is one of the main products that is made out of Pittsburgh that is our nitrogen stabilizer. It goes into what brand name N-Serve and Instinct NXTGEN. And both of those are leading industry-leading nitrogen stabilizers that is a good business for us. And so we have plans to move that production to another location. We will continue to serve our customers seamlessly through this time, and we'll be in a better position in the future for this product to continue to serve the market. So, the registrations and things are part of the planning process when any time we move products are we -- many times, we always have redundancy built into our system. And so we have other plants registered many times. This is one that we'll be move into registration and that's all in the plans and timing of the overall transition here. So yes, good question, absolutely something we have to do, and it's always in the planning when we go to rearrange our network.
Robert King: I'll walk around CP. We will start over in EMEA this year and moving forward, we're seeing a good pull on our high-technology molecules and the new products over there. And with the challenges that you see from a CP, I guess, regulatory environment, social pressures in Europe, they have a special challenge that we don't have everywhere else yet. And our products are doing very well there. When you think about some of the products like [Indiscernible] that is that is a herbicide that is in the cereals area. There is one that's doing very well. And the low use rate of that is something that plays to the environmental regulations there. This is the one you think about a sugar pack, it covers two hectares and the technology that's going into that. The other thing in Europe that is going to be an opportunity for us as we move forward is the acquisitions around the Biologicals and the growth that we'll begin to see in Europe as we progress over the next few years with registrations and new products there. It plays right into the need there, especially in the fruits and vegetables market of Europe, there is a big need for new technology for these growers. And so we're seeing good progress in Europe. We expect we gained market share this last year, and we're positioning for a good year this next year as we move forward. Shifting over to Asia, as Tim said, the weather there has been a challenge shifting from -- into El Nino from La Nina. And that has put India planted acres this year down, but those will recover. This is a shift in weather, and we will see that rice planted acres rebound this next year. The thing about Asia is that we have some really good products going into the rice market. Rinskor being a new one that has been launched that controlled herbicide in rice and then mix that with our Brown Plant hopper product Pyraxalt. And we've got leading technology products there that will grow in this rice market of Asia that we have. When you look at the inventory in Asia, we're in a pretty good spot. Despite the weather despite the slowness that we've seen in some places I would say that we're in a much better position than others that have some pretty hot inventory in the channel. And we expect as soon as some of the things shift there, we're going to be in a really good position moving forward. Finally, I'll leave you with Japan. And as you think about that market, we don't speak about it a lot because it's not huge for us. But again, large fruit and vegetable market, Biologicals plays well into that area, plus some of our low use rate new products. And so overall, in Asia, we expect a continued growth. We expect that technology is going to continue to play a big part, and we're well positioned for both.
