Megan Britt: Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2020 earnings conference call for Corteva. Our prepared remarks today will be led by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer and Greg Freedman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platforms will join the live Q&A session at the end of the call. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement remarks during this call, which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future, which are subject to risks and uncertainties including those on Slide 2 and in our SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially. We provide a pro forma basis discussion and our earnings release and slides, unless otherwise specified all historical financial measures presented today, exclude significant items, which can be found in the schedules that accompany our earnings release. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure where available is provided in our earnings release and on our website. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Jim. Now let’s move on to your questions. I’d like to remind you that our cautions on forward-looking statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Megan Britt: Okay. So that’s actually all the time and effort for questions today. we really appreciate your interest in Corteva. Thank you so much for joining us.
Jim Collins: Thanks, Greg. As we continue to execute on a strong finish to 2020, and look ahead to 2021, we remain both focused and flexible, focused on the path that we’ve laid out, competently executing on our plans that we spoke about today. At the same time, we’re prepared for any eventuality as we continue to navigate in a volatile external landscape. we’ll stay flexible and we will monitor these dynamics. And importantly, we’ll do that as we continue to deliver. we have the right strategy in place. Our balance sheet and liquidity position is solid and we have the right team and the right levers in place to deliver on this next stage of growth. With that, I’ll hand the call back to Megan.
Jim Collins: Yes. Joel, good morning. As we sit here today, thinking about 2021, I think, you’ve hit on a couple of important points. The first thing for us is the market conditions. I’d say there are some external factors that are shaping up to be maybe, even a slight tailwind, commodity demand, what’s happening with trade and farmer economics is creating a market environment that I would say, we don’t really agree with how others have characterized that market environment going forward. So, we set the external piece over there to the side and say, we could be heading into an improving marketplace. Now, there are clearly some things that we’re watching on the other side of that COVID-related demand issues and currency will always be out there. So, then we go to the focus on the levers that are within our control, and you’ve hit on a few of those. We’ve just talked about enlist. We’re going to keep driving Enlist. There’s margin opportunity there on the seed, but also on the opportunity with the herbicide, 70% of those acres out there are going to get sprayed with 2,4-D and we’re positioning ourselves to be ready to go capture that. we’ve talked about Brevant in our retail penetration. We could see a 25% improvement in the number of units that we sell through that retail channel, going into 2021. And then you mentioned pricing. And so we’ve got a track record here now demonstrating our pricing momentum. This will be the third year that we’ve been able to drive low single-digit improvements year-over-year, based on the value that we price for the superior genetics that we have out there in the marketplace. And then a couple of final things, you’ve mentioned our new Crop Protection products in the past, those are delivering, you really saw those show up now year-to-date in 2020 with growth in places like Europe and Asia Pacific, that momentum will continue. And then finally, you mentioned productivity. And so we have all those productivity programs in place. The 200 of additional synergy flow through, the additional 50 of productivity that’ll come from our Execute to Win work. So, I think we’re really well positioned and I would summarize it by one word, and that’s just momentum. We’re carrying momentum as we come off of 2020 into 2021.
Jim Collins: Good morning, David. Yes. Thanks for the question. Clearly, we have opportunities from a margin perspective related to our productivity work, and we’ve talked about that and we’re driving those, we’ve got the over – the $500 million of overall productivity we’ve committed to over the next five years related to our Execute to Win. You’ve got the ERP productivity that will flow through and some remaining synergies that will flow through next year. We’d kind of complete that synergy work. So, there’s quite a good piece right there that is just pure productivity that will help improve margin. And then you add the momentum of the other areas that we’re driving around growth. So, you’ve got enlist. We talked about the $400 million of margin expansion due to the whole system, the royalty trait reduction from Xtend, the opportunity to sell more enlist herbicide and the royalty income coming in from the licensing of that trait. And then I mentioned, Brevant and our new Crop Protection portfolio that’ll continue to deliver over the timeframe. So look, we agree that there’s tremendous EBITDA margin potential improvement in this business. I’ve been talking about that since the day we merged and continue to be very excited about that and we can see all of the pieces. I don’t have to go out and invent that future. It’s sitting here right now, what we have to do is execute it. So probably, the only question in that whole discussion is our view of the timing of that improvement. So, we’ve got our strategy. I’ve got a great team here, that’s focused on it. We’re just going to stay focused on the execution of that. Thanks, David.
Jim Collins: And your final – final part of your question was around pricing on a go-forward basis. So, our strategy continues to be unchanged. We’re going to price for the value that we deliver, because of the year-over-year improvements in our technology. I mentioned, we’ve got a track record of doing that. Qrome is a big element of that going forward. If it helps price in 2021, we’re going to go from about 20% to 25% of our line-up in Qrome next year. And so you’ll have a nice mix for that. And then as I mentioned in soybeans, just the A Series profile that we have in our ability to deliver more value for growers on a yield and a per acre basis. Thank you.
Jim Collins: Now, Kevin, one other thing I’d add, you asked about just maybe, our overall philosophy around hedging, that are around managing currency risks. That really first starts with pricing as you mentioned. So, our goal is to cover as much of that currency effect if you will, as you can through pricing, but we sort of, currency moves on us and then we go take the next available opportunity that we have to reset prices. So, it usually takes us a couple of ag seasons, maybe a year and a half or so to fully offset a 100% of that. But in any one year, you’ll see us work to offset as much of that as we can, but things this year went so rapidly, we were really chasing ourselves. So, we’ll still see a little bit of currency impact in the first quarter of 2021, as we kind of catch the tail of what happened to us due to the COVID run-up in that March, April timeframe. but our teams are locked and loaded; they’re very focused on trying to recover as much as they can as we come back around that second season.
Jim Collins: Yes. I would second that and look at those on a year-to-date basis as well. We’re talking about a lot of really good things in 3Q, but they’ve been doing this all year long. So, thanks Chris for the question.
Jim Collins: Yes, Jeff. I’ve heard Tim make this statement before. So, I’ll reiterate it. There is no doubt that our A series line-up in Xtend soybeans is the top performer in the marketplace, but our Enlist beans don’t have to compete with us. Our Enlist beans only have to go out there and compete with other Xtend beans. And as Tim said, since we’re not competing with ourselves, our Enlist line-up lines up very favorably against others’ Xtend beans in the marketplace. So, we feel really good about from a yield perspective in the competitive frame, that’s out there. Thanks, Jeff.
Tim Glenn: Yes, Jim. I think you hit on many of the key points. When I look at where we’re at in the season, obviously, we had tremendous uptake this past spring, and as we went through the growing season, farmers had tremendous experience with the herbicide system, really reinforced the value there and as we went through harvest, I’d say our product performance really met your expectations. So, we’re in a good spot there, and as we sit here today, first week of November, feel very good about where order sit overall, and certainly as it relates to enlist and Jim indicated the strong demand there, and we continue to – we continue to feel good about that mix and physically, see some upside there. but I would also enforce – reinforce that our Xtend orders are about where we would expect them to be as well. And so we continue to have the – I think this year’s data supports significant supply of Xtend, but also the strongest performing Xtend varieties in the marketplace with our A Series products. And so there’s clearly a place for the technology and we’re working for our customers, who want Xtend, and as we saw the registration come through, it wasn’t a surprise. I mean, we expected there to be news and as did our customers, and I would say really, it doesn’t have an impact in terms of the mix that we’ll sell. The customers who are interested in Enlist and are ordering Enlist right now are committed to enlist. And I think the customers, who want our A series beans also want that, and obviously, the availability of Dicamba as it sorts out going forward is going to be a value to them, should they choose to use that the Xtend system as well. So, we feel good about where we’re sitting and obviously, excited about our overall portfolio, very excited about where our orders sit on this date and able to bring good solutions to our customers.
Tim Glenn: Yes. I think probably, a couple other large markets we have. I think in Europe at this point in time, we can be fairly confident that we gained share for both corn and sunflower with price increases as well. So, those are the two primary crops in a significant business in Europe. And I would say, we’re just working through the spring seasons in Latin America, but the Argentina and Brazil. And I think we feel good about what our finds our progress or for gaining share in those spring seasons. And obviously, in Brazil, we’re wrapping up and focused on the spring season. and so we’re well advanced in terms of collecting orders and feel good about where we sit there as well. So overall, I think a solid market share here for corn and other crops around the world.
Tim Glenn: Yes. The only thing I’d add is clearly, the customer is going to have to say in this and we’re working closely with our customers. And I would say that the growth we’ve seen this year, literally, we’re out there supporting it and promoting in the marketplace, but it’s been customer driven demand. That’s really helped drive this rapid adoption in the marketplace and I think we’ll see that again in 2022, and obviously, we’ll be collaborating closely with our customers and getting their signals as we put together a portfolio for 2022. but clearly, the customer is at the heart of it and they’re getting great value here.
Tim Glenn: Yes, Jim. Thanks, Chris. Great question and I appreciate the call for especially, for the Europe and Asia Pacific teams. I’m excited about opportunities we have everywhere. So, but really to focus on those two regions here for a moment, I think at the heart of it is the fact that we’ve got a strong focus around commercial effectiveness. And when I talk about commercial effectiveness, it’s about being able to serve customers, the way that they want to be served fundamentally, strengthening our route to market in terms of how we go to serve customers. We talked about that a lot on the Seed, but not necessarily always on Crop Protection. Our ability to go out and demonstrate capture value in the marketplace and clearly, given the pipeline of products, we’ve had our ability to be a strong launch machine and capture full value there. I mean, that’s kind of at the heart of what we’re trying to do with our commercial effectiveness process. Examples in Europe, I’ll highlight here. We’ve had a tremendous focus since we came together as Corteva, but we knew we had maybe, a weakness in terms of our presence in Central and Eastern Europe on the Crop Protection side. And so we really build out some capabilities there to be able to serve the market in general, but also, in particular with some of the large farming enterprise as we see in Eastern Europe and we’re seeing tremendous benefits of the focus on routes to market as we look at the performance of our Arylex and Rinskor products in Europe. In Asia Pacific, we got a really strong fundamental business there, but we’re constantly focused on our demand creation capabilities with small holder farms, very critical in Europe. And again, we talked a lot about in Seed and we spent time, talking about how we reached farmers in NDF, through a provocative model on Seed, but we also have to be able to go out there and demonstrate the value, because you don’t have as sophisticated a distribution channel to reach all those small farmers out there and our team in Asia does that tremendously well, and I think our ongoing growth in our Spinosyn business is a great testament to that. And when you look at new product launches, like Pyraxalt and how we’ve been able to ramp that up and capture great value. I mean I think those are two great examples within the region, but I really appreciate you calling out those other regions, because we don’t always get as much visibility or airtime, but both regions have had fantastic years in both Seed and Crop Protection, but especially, in Crop Protection.
Tim Glenn: Yes. I think you have to look, I’ll speak to what we’re seeing and we are – both our Xtend and Enlist products are performing very well this year. And I think meeting customer’s expectations on yield, and I will tell you, I think our Enlist varieties will compete with any competitive Xtend product in the marketplace. And so we’re very confident about that and very proud of the performance across our entire portfolio and I think it’s – it’s going to be reinforced by our order position and where we sit in the marketplace. And from a pricing standpoint, it’s hard to describe the market in pricing terms, but what we see is premium price products for both Xtend and Enlist are kind of in the same zone maybe, not on absolute dollars, but from our standpoint, our leading products are priced similarly. And I think in the marketplace, we are in a competitive marketplace and there’s a lot of options out for farmers, but what we see in the marketplace is that that both Enlist and Xtend are able to support good value in the marketplace.
