Megan Britt: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call for Corteva. I am pleased to be joined today by Jim Collins, Chief Executive Officer, Tim Glenn, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, Rajan Gajaria, Executive Vice President of Business Platform and Greg Friedman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We have prepared presentation slides to supplement our comments during this call which are posted on the Investor Relations section of the Corteva website and through the link to our webcast. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for the future. Slides two and three of our earnings release contain our forward-looking statement disclaimers. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future are forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current expectations that are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainty regarding assumptions. Our SEC filings provide discussion of some of the factors that could cause material differences in our actual results. We provide a pro forma basis discussion in our earnings release and slides. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today exclude significant items, which can be found in the schedules that accompany our earnings release. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure was available and provided in our earnings release and on our website. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Jim.
Megan Britt: Thank you, Jim. Let's move on to your question. I would like to remind you that our cautions on forward looking statements, non-GAAP measures and pro forma financials apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Megan Britt: So with that, I want to thank you for joining the call. We appreciate your interest in Corteva and on behalf of the entire Corteva team; I really wish you good health and safety.
GregFriedman: Yes. Thanks, David, and Thanks, Jim. There are a couple other things I'm going to add here. We have - we do have some natural hedges with respect to the local seed production that we do in each of our regions, as well as our formulation and packaging activities that we have within the region, so that was a bit of a natural hedge and then once we are able to obtain the commitments over the next 90 days from our customers to take product in the fourth quarter, that's when we'll look at and evaluating mitigation tools and activities as Jim mentioned.
GregFriedman: Yes. I just want to add that I would separate the 200 of synergies, the $30 million of productivity that was in our plan and we're executing against that plan. This is incremental 100 that Jim talked about that say a result of the crisis and specific actions that we're taking that Jim mentioned. We're going to take the opportunity to try to sustain as much of that as possible into 2021 and beyond. But some of those costs will return as things come back to normal.
GregFriedman: Yes, absolutely. As you as take that top-line down to EBITDA. There is a currency impact that that does translate down to EBITDA as well. So, that would be a negative. But we mentioned earlier, the additional spending actions that we're taking resulting from COVID-19 working from home, reducing travel, reducing non-essential spend. All of those actions are going to help us further offset some of that impact as well.
GregFriedman: Yes, just a couple of things. Number one, that the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend royalties, largely it's going to impact the second quarter, because our soybeans are typically delivered more into the second quarter. There is only a little bit in the first quarter. So, just from a timing perspective keep that in mind. Secondarily, this increase in royalty rate is a non-cash expense. It's an increase to the cash rate because we're amortizing over a shorter period of time. So it is a non-cash royalty expense.
TimGlenn: Jim, I think you touched on the big points, I mean, we're getting a tremendous benefit from mix and new technology adoption and that's very much having a positive impact on our results this year. So, and then we've got the natural benefit of being able to produce locally as well. It gives us a little bit of a hedge against currency.
TimGlenn: I think you touched on that, clearly execution and new technology are a big part of what's helped support the performance so far this year. I think the question Jonas around market share, what I would tell you is I think it's a little bit early to call that right now just because of the uncertainty that we have in terms of what the final planted acres will be. So that'll be something that we're going to continue to watch. What we felt is very good about our book of business throughout the year. We carried a lot of positive momentum in many markets coming out of 2019. And it set us up for I think a really good start to this year. And I would say generally our product performance overall not just the new product and technologies in crop protection, but in terms of seed performance relative to the competition, has been really outstanding and been well received in the market. So, we feel good about where we're at. It's too early to call and we're anxious to continue to deliver especially in the Northern hemisphere as the markets play out here in the second quarter.
TimGlenn: No, I think, Jim, I think you're spot on. I mean, we feel really excited about where we're at right now because we've had over half of the US corn crop planted, we got about a quarter of the of the soybean crop, but you got to remember we got to get this crop harvested and produced throughout the season and plus, we've got two seasons in Brazil, we've got a summer corn season and spring season and then we got the second safrinha season all there before we would even plant again in the Northern Hemisphere. So, we got a long way to go here. But I agree with the Jim the indications would indicate lower corn acres for next year, but it's still within that 10 year range that we've operated in. And we've over a 10 year period, we've been in that call it 88 million to 97 million range for corn. So, we're still in that same range and they just slightly below average over that 10 year horizon. So, we've got a lot in front of us and clearly the economics of the crops are going to dictate as well as policies are going to have a huge impact that that are going to play out over the course of the year.
TimGlenn: Yes, I'll just on the pricing; I just want to close up. They're saying we knew we were going to go into a really competitive season. We had other players in the marketplace to indicate that early with how they started the year and so we took extra steps to make sure we had a strong process in place so that we could manage those discounts internally, really just strong internal discipline. And I think, why we feel good and why we've been able to maybe or against reduced what we thought the discounting might be is really, I think, a testament to the strong performance that we got and the fact that we are getting over I think relative to the competition, we get the strongest portfolio products in the marketplace and customers are supporting that. So, one of the reinforce that on price and Rajan any comments they're on Enlist.
TimGlenn: Yes, Qrome launch has been very successful. We talked about essentially converting around 70% of our triple stack lineup into Qrome this year. And we've successfully been able to do that. So I think what you'll see over the next two years, Chris, is that it basically replaces the other triples and will become the standard chronic that we offer in that segment across North America. So in terms of contributor to performance, it was a contributor to first quarter. And it'll be contributed the first half performance and really helped us capture some price and value in the marketplace and in a tough challenging year. So we're excited and it is well received. And it will become our standard going forward. Playing out about like we thought,
RajanGajaria: Sure, Jeff. Yes. Thanks to Adam for the question. So, related to Enlist, we are on track actually very excited about the launch here. We had said that about 20% of the market would be Enlist soybeans. We are seeing that we are on track to deliver that as a part of our portfolio and the whole adoption of the technology there to the demand for endless herbicides which is a precursor to have the soybean shipments will come also looks very exciting. So, we are on track for delivering against the performance of Enlist. That's true here obviously with what we are talking about with the Enlists we see in soybeans, but we continue to see good progress on that in cotton across the globe. We have some opportunities which we look at Enlist, so the whole Enlist system is on track to deliver. When to the question on the crop protection margin in the first quarter. You're right; we mentioned that if you think about our product mix, a lot of our new product launches where the margin expansion is there. We start seeing them in the second quarter and in the second half. In the first quarter it is primarily in North America where we have the herbicide business, we've got good differentiated products, but the margin on those are lower than our new product ramp up which we have. I would take the opportunity to tell you that we are on-track to deliver against our Crop Protection, new product launch opportunities that we see there. So just thought I'd reinforce that.
RajanGajaria: No, Jim, I think you covered the main points. The one thing which I would add is that we are really excited about how this program is going to continue to evolve because one of our biggest growth opportunities is to make sure that the Crop Protection business and how we have the footprint on the seed side can come together. Now, the way the program has been administered, it did have a pricing impact from grower incentives for the first quarter. But in terms of the overall growth prospects as this gets rolled out again for the second season, we are very optimistic about how we're going to help both our businesses continue to move forward.
RajanGajaria: No, I think you hit it the nail on the head. The one thing to clarify is that the increase is definitely limited only to the Roundup Ready 2 Xtend part of our business. And as that business shrink, you will see that royalty rate change. But we're really excited PJ about the whole ramp up of Enlist and that creates another opportunity for us to get royalty income coming in. And I think at this point of time we mentioned that 20% of the acres are going to be soybean and that in-licensing opportunity also continues to unfold in front of us. So we are on track to deliver.
