Douglas Baker: PJ, Doug. I would say, one, we've talked about expectations around one point improvement per quarter, sequentially. And that's what we've been seeing. If you talk Lodging, it's 10% of our overall sales. We have certainly seen a pickup in our sales to Lodging, but just as what Lodging was troubled, we were not saying you should be worried about our overall enterprise. I would say Lodging alone is not going to move the top line substantially. However, Lodging is performing well. And overall, our business continues to pick up momentum. And the number one focus this year is to make sure that we drove volume momentum, which is precisely what we're doing right now. And we are in a position to lead the year in a very good position in terms of volume, growth momentum.
Douglas Baker: Well, I think the question is, I agree with the premise that emerging markets' sanitation levels expectations and spending in this area is going to continue to increase, and that's exactly what we're seeing. So our expectations is that the emerging markets continue to play an increasingly large role in our growth story. I think you're seeing out now. They're outgrowing the rest of the world. We would expect that to continue for a long time, and I would also say, I think as things place out over a fairly long period of time.
Douglas Baker: Gary, Doug. I guess how we've talked about this is M&A is our number one priority for cash. And we've just announced that we've made two acquisitions. Certainly, prior to that announcement, we haven't made one in quite a while. And so we said our secondary use of cash is to use it in share buyback. So I think what you've seen is exactly that theme playing out. The truth of the matter is we generate excellent cash flow. And I don't believe we're going to be in a position where it's absolutely binary, one or the other. We like our M&A portfolio. We've made two acquisitions. We have a very robust pipeline and expect to continue to be making acquisitions moving forward. We will also continue in our model to continue to do share repurchase as well.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, I guess, I would start by saying that our expectation is gross margins continue to improve in virtually all regions. The most significant improvement, we will see in Europe over the next several years as we fully deploy EBS [Ecolab Business Solution] and the benefits that it's going to drive for us. Certainly, ultimately, if we don't drive volume, you're going to stall in your capabilities to drive margin. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are accelerating volume at this point in time and feel very confident we can continue to do that. So our expectation is margins continue to improve.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Lawrence, Doug. What we've got, as we've talked in previous calls, we have a great innovation pipeline. And so you're right, we have a strong warewashing portfolio highlighted by Apex, but there are other initiatives as well. We've got a new breakthrough laundry program coming out, which is very much following the principles that Apex followed. We think, frankly, it's eve stronger because we learned from Apex. In F&B, we have CIP and loop programs going, four new healthcare launches underway and also expanding solids and quick serve in Food Retail. So we like our innovation pipeline. And it's one of the reasons that we're seeing volume growth even though, with the exception of Lodging, the markets really haven't, if you will, flipped to positive for us. So we are still doing this in what I will call a lousy environment. But we have a very terrific innovation pipeline.
Douglas Baker: Well, Lawrence, there are several types of buyers out there. I would say I think customers have always expected us to have leading innovation. And we continue to do that. That bar is always raised. But certainly, our goal is to continue to create distance between ourselves and regional competitors and even other global competitors. So that's really what we strive to do.
Douglas Baker: Yes, it was principally GCS. GCS loss about $400,000 in that quarter versus I think $1.6 million the prior year. So it was a substantial improvement. And as I've mentioned before, I mean, GCS has been on the positive side of adding cash to the company now for a couple of years. So it's certainly continuing to improve. I guess our expectation for GCS as we've mentioned is we are really focused on driving GCS top line. As we continue to grow the top line, GCS will flip to profit even fully loaded with corporate overhead, which is the number I gave you.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I guess I would consider this year a strange year for healthcare broadly, particularly in the U.S., right? There's been a lot going on as a result of legislation and other issues. And so we really don't view this as any kind of long-term trend. But during this year, and I think there's plenty of outside third-party facts, other medical companies who have been reporting, the number of procedures overall is down this year. Doctor visits are down. A number of this has to do with people rolling off medical coverage as unemployment, right, has been sustained for a long period of time. However, what we really look at healthcare, we like our business, the launches we have are doing well. This business is improving if you to start working underneath and get out of the H1N1 noise, which is in debate from last year. We're quite confident that this business is going to start per forming like we expect it to, which is high single digit to double-digit organic growth in the near future.
Douglas Baker: I would say, what's happened this year in raw materials is pretty much the story we talked about beginning in the first quarter, which was, you would see significant year-on-year improvement in the first half that will be relatively flat in the second half. And so that story has canned out. I would say, certainly, there is some pressure. I would say it's nowhere near the type of inflationary pressure we saw in '06, '07, '08. So I don't think it's going to be a headline story for us. It's certainly not going to be as favorable as it was for the second half of '09 and the first half of '10. But I don't think it's going to be our headline story.
Douglas Baker: Well, if you look at our international margins, certainly, Europe is by far the biggest piece of the International business and has the most influence. I would say what we're seeing in Europe is what we had expected sequentially; improvement in our profitability as we start transitioning from rolling out EBS, to stabilizing EBS, to leveraging EBS. And so we completed the rollout of EBS in the second quarter. We have now the full costs of the amortization in our mix, plus some stabilization costs early in the third quarter, which are starting to subside. And so we expect to continue to see improvement in profitability to a relative in the fourth quarter on. Because we are now fully on leveraging EBS. That is going to be the principal story when we look at international margins. Now aside from that, in terms of Asia-Pacific and Latin America, as we've mentioned, that is principally a volume story. We will continue to invest. We're investing in headcount. We're making outside investments in emerging markets that we think have the best near- and long-term opportunities. We're going to be building a new plant, we're adding our third plant in China, which we're underway with. We've had a number of headcount, key resources in these regions. All of which we like very much these investments and believe they're going to bear fruit as early as 2011. But that's what's going on and all. The principal story is going to be Europe for the next few years.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would expect is we think margins in all regions are going to continue to grow, but they're going to grow at a much more significant rate in Europe because of the low level we are at and the EBS story, which was they're artificially low right now as we've layered on a second, if you will, operating system on top of the old system, though we have dismantled the old system. We are just starting that process right now. So those margins are going to be moving up faster than the other regions.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, the Pest business is still a fantastic business. And I would break this into two points. Internationally, that business continues to grow. It's accelerating. It's accelerating in Europe, we're improving the profitability there. We have very, very strong momentum. In the U.S., which is obviously our largest Pest business, we are seeing the underlying trends improve. So that is account retention. We are starting to get much stronger on new contract growth, what we call one shot or onetime events, particularly bed bugs to be an obvious one that you would look at. But there's certainly more in that category than simply bed bugs. All those signs are improving. So we expect this business to turn to top line growth starting early next year and expect it to grow throughout 2011 in all regions.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, a couple of things. One, prices were up this year versus last year. But you're right, it was not a significant rate, it was about 30 basis points. Now importantly, that does not include any technology upgrade. We have that mix, and that would be in margin. So the example you used, as we move a client from, say, SOLID POWER to Apex, and Apex would be priced at a significant premium per pound, that would not be reflected in the pricing number that we get. That would be in the overall margin. And that is historically the number one way that we drive margin. It's not through what I call naked price increases, simply moving up $50 box to $51. We will do that, and certainly in one of our inflationary environments, we'd do more than when we're in a not inflationary environment. But the number one drive is the new technology. And as I listed earlier, in response to another question, we've got a very robust portfolio of new innovation, all of which is at a margin premium versus existing programs.
Douglas Baker: Well, we certainly pay very close attention to raw material pricing, and its projected impact on our business. And we learned a number of important lessons and persevered in a very inflationary period just in '06 through '08. And so the same team is in place. In fact, I would say if it got to that point, which we're not predicting in our business and we've been through this a number of times and I think everybody handled that, but if it did get to that point, we are in a much better shape today than we were, say in 2005, at the beginning of the last ramp-up, simply because we've changed the way we contract with customers, where we have annual provisions and much easier way to impact pricing than we did going into the old '06 through '08 period. Your I think we are in a good position here. Should all this pricing manifests itself, we'll see.
Douglas Baker: CTC, Circle the Customer, is absolutely a key part of our strategy. As we've said, typically during tough environments like we've been in, we shift to a larger emphasis on new customer gains, which is what we've been doing. And when you're successful as we've been, this ultimately increases the CTC opportunity going forward. What your other question was, do new customer somewhat delude your average solution sold per customer. And the answer would be, yes because typically, when we bring out a new customer, it is with the purest solutions. Then we shall see customers that have been with us for five, 10, 15, 20 years as we build out that set. So that is a natural outcome as we move forward.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think we have still 5 million, 5.5 million shares left in our authorization. It's where we are. And so regarding uses of cash for 2011 and pension, specifically, we're not obligated to make any pension contributions in 2011 or remainder of 2010. We may choose to do so, but that will be out of choice and because it's the right use of cash. In terms of other uses of cash, as I spoke to earlier, it is smart M&A number one. Share repurchase would take a backseat to that, but we are a very successful business in terms of generating cash. So my expectation is you'll see both in 2011.
Douglas Baker: The big benefit is going to be in 2011, and I would say the wildcard in Q4 right now is relatively new news. But it's baked in our forecast, and all the rest is the strike at France. And France has about 20% of our volume in Europe. And so while we're working to serve customers, you might imagine it's a little bit more challenge than it is in the normal times.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, Japan has always been the slowest growth portion of our Asia-Pacific market. And so Japan has been growing at low single digits for quite a while. If you exclude it, somebody's currently doing the math there, so if you'd give a minute, we'd come back and give you the number.
Douglas Baker: Typically, in the fourth quarter, we have some onetime costs that flowed through SG&A on a lower -- as options expense flow through heavier in the fourth quarter on a lower-volume quarter. Almost considered seasonal.
Douglas Baker: Rosemarie, no. I would say you've got continued impact from a Lean Six Sigma program that's been in place for four years. We have improvements on a number of efficiency ratios, which we believe are sustainable and can continue to be built on. Productivity in the field continues to improve as we roll out field technology. So all of these things, which are fundamental to our margin, continue to pay dividends for us as we go through. We continue to have a very sizable investment fund funding the business. We're funding healthcare growth, we're funding water, energy and waste technology and field capability growth. We're funding and working at a number of M&A opportunities, which now all flow through P&L at this point in time. We have EBS actually stepping up in costs because it moved from the balance sheet to the P&L when you start amortizing as you fully roll this out. So I would say, if anything, we are fully invested at this point in time and still expanding margin.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, absolutely. And we've said that our expectation is that we will get back to 6% to 8% organic growth on a global basis, but it is going to take us a number of quarters. And the expectation is that we will build sequentially about a point of growth per quarter. That's what we've been doing. Now the earlier question about what Asia-PAC looked like x Japan, it's growth is 13%. And that would include obviously Australia, New Zealand, which for us are a pretty large market. And obviously, not growing at the same rate as Asia and China.
Douglas Baker: Pest, we've been in the Pest business for a long time, and we have a flow of metrics which are quite predictive of what's going to happen on top line as well as margin and other places. And as I mentioned, when we start looking at account retention metrics through contract volume and onetime sales or onetime event sales, all these areas are showing improvement. And so those things tend to flow through and translate to sales growth, and that's our expectation.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, Rosemarie, I would say we have a number of innovation activities around bedbugs. They aren't going to go away. And we are working at what business opportunities this presents to us. At this time, there's been no decision made to move out of our core markets, but we are certainly looking at the opportunity.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, we have moved through. Probably the most difficult times for Pest are behind us. And so our expectation, Dmitry, is it's going to turn into a more normal environment. This isn't going to be a snapback in this business. It was down slowly and will move back up slowly. So it's not going to move from one quarter up to plus 10%. It's going to take some time. But we see the underlying metrics are moving us back into the positive territory, and we feel confident that this business is going to continue to improve in the following quarters.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, I don't think there's a white-spot opportunity, a white-space opportunity in North America per se. However, I think as I've indicated broadly on M&A, that bolt-on acquisitions are more attractive to us than they have been in the past given where the market is and everything else. So we'd be open to smart bolt-on activity, but our white space activity will be in Europe, Asia and Latin America for Pest.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, our first priority is smart acquisition wherever it is. And beyond that, our priorities remain with healthcare, water and energy and waste technology. It is a global expansion in Pest. But it also does include bolt-on activity, which could happen both either in the U.S. like we've just recently done with the Dober acquisition, or outside of the U.S., like Cleantec. And I would expect to see that some of both in the future.
Douglas Baker: I don't know, Dmitry. I don't know that many people are forecasting that the new healthcare system is going to reduce costs, right? In fact, it's open up the system to a wide, a huge number of new folks coming into the system. And if anything, there is real concern that there's not going to be the capacity or the demand. Not that demand is going to shrink away long term. I think the near-term issues have been somewhat confusion and also the fact that you've got large unemployment and people rolling off. Our employment is no longer getting worse, and while it's not getting substantially better, we think that impact is going to be in debate as we move forward. So our believe is this: Population is aging in this country. Healthcare is going to be under increased demand, not decreased. We don't believe that the new healthcare legislation got after-costs in a material way. In fact, it's going to start increasing expectations in the healthcare market that bode well for what we're selling. In terms of having to measure poor performance on infections acquired in hospitals, there's a whole host of things that hospitals are going to be expected to measure, which we anticipate will help drive this business. And we'll help them do it.
Douglas Baker: Jeff, I have to look at the numbers to see where that was coming from. I'm a little surprised at the numbers of volume. Our research could probably answer that one. I mean, we've said that we have some good leverage coming out of our business in terms of the productivity gains we've done, the cost savings we've done, et cetera. But to give you a good answer, you want to take a look at what you're looking at.
Douglas Baker: Yes, our Ecovation was up 35% in Q3. And it's been accelerating, obviously. Our expectation is that it will continue to grow at very significant rates going forward. This is really part of an overall strategy to put together a comprehensive program, Ecovation being one part of it to help in particular Food & Beverage customers deal with what we know is going to be a coming shortage of freshwater, which is going to translate into increased pressure on them, fairly or unfairly. And so this whole initiative is a very important growth initiative and is off to, I think, a terrific start. And we have a very, very good long-term game plan to drive growth in this area. And so we're starting to see that. The Ecovation growth is a piece of it but also just our underlying Water Care business. What we subtract some excess that we made in the last year is also growing quite nicely.
Douglas Baker: Yes, look, we have relationships with a lot of very large customers and are continuing to grow there. Our growth in the corporate account area has been very strong. What we're starting to see is firming up in what I would call the traditional street business, which is why you're seeing a little better performance than overall top line.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say it is -- we have four key lodges in healthcare right now. EnCompass, ProTec. We've got OptiPro, which is a solid program for central sterile. It's also going very well, that one will probably be above expectation. We have a new Hand Care program as well, which is out there, which is also doing very well, too. So when you get back to ProTec and EnCompass, we've got about seven sold and we've got 50, if you will, actively in proposals and testing status right now. And we expect to bring a lion's share that goes on as well. And so that is how we expected this to move forward.
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say we have all the pieces we need to start driving growth right now, which is exactly what we're doing. But as we get into this business, we see additional opportunities, and there are additional technology plays that we think would further strengthen. So our expectation is we will have activity in water energy and waste going forward. But I don't think this is a situation where if we don't get it, we won't be successful, which is belief that that's probably going to be a faster way of moving forward and building it internally. It if we need to build it internally, we will.
Douglas Baker: Our Europe business is going to be up for the year. But we aren't going to sit here and beat our chest about 1% to 2% growth. I would say, we've got the 1% to 2%, which is the forecast for the year and still a pretty sluggish environment in Europe. We firmly believe we will drive this business. We're having a lot of success in Europe in picking up new large-contract business. We know this ultimately translates into top line growth and our expectation is that Europe, yes, will grow the top line in 2011.
Douglas Baker: I don't think it's exactly the same. I mean, certainly, I would say the European competitive environment is challenging. But with that said, there's no reason that Europe can't recognize, say, 5% to 6% growth if our target globally is 6% to 8%, you're going to get outside growth from emerging markets. But we believe that is exactly achievable and we've done that in Europe in the past.
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, everything is a pretty broad statement. I would say we've got the sales talent, we've got the organization in place and we have the technology. Some of the technology has been on hold in Europe as we rolled out EPS because you have this kind of lock-down, new product introductions and so we're starting to roll out our best-in-class technology in Institutional and F&B and these other places. So we know that bodes well in terms of accelerating European growth going forward.
Douglas Baker: One, you're right. We do pointed this out internally that sales growth in Vehicle Care has not been strong. It has certainly been one of the most adversely impacted businesses we have in terms of economic impact. With that said, we're going to make more money this year than we did last year in Vehicle Care, and we've done a very strong job in improving margins. So Vehicle Care is, I don't know, 1/4, not even 1/2 the percent of sales, 1% of sales. I mean, it's not a huge piece, but this business provides a number of advantages somewhere inside the company. So we're happy to own the Vehicle Care business.
Douglas Baker: It makes money. So this isn't a cash drag, and it's a business that returns capital and everything else. It's not a growth engine, but it would be hard to argue that a business of less than 1% is going to drag the overall growth rate down.
Douglas Baker: I would say it's -- we continue to drive margin improvement. We do believe the top line turns around in this business. That means we're good. It might have been a loss, but not very.
Michael Monahan: And Lawrence, as we look down that pipeline, there are products that are all focused on reducing cost for customers, improving value relationship for with them, better results at lower use cost, labor cost. So we're taking some of the lessons from Apex and bring those to other product set as well.
Michael Monahan: We don't buy typically on the spot target. We're buying on contracted. So we're going to have less volatile raw material from that. And for example, caustic is on a roller coaster, so that can be pretty volatile. But ours are contracted so it's pretty steady.
Michael Monahan: And Rosemary, just one technical point. That was 1% with the reported growth. The fixed currency growth was 3%.
Michael Monahan: Rosemarie, we've also been targeting some new markets for Pest elimination. We've been tailoring programs to better serve our end markets. So we've been doing a bunch of stuff on the top line side as well to help drive growth.
Michael Monahan: Dmitry (sic) [Jeffrey], this is Mike. There's just some differences between quarters and some of the classifications that we have for some of our stuff. And there were some currency. So it's really nothing much difference between the two.
Michael Monahan: The year-to-date average, it's running about the $86 million, $87 million. So I think that's the number you should look at.
Michael Monahan: And Jeff, in a low-volume environment, I mean, relatively low-volume growth, those aren't unheard-of numbers. If you have savings programs across the portfolio, they will slump your volume.
Michael Monahan: And also as part of the essay pieces that we did, Dmitry, we've got a number of sales and sales productivity tools that we'll be developing that will be instrumental to us achieving better growth in Europe. So in one respect, yes, we've got the SAP system. We still need to develop those tools and we'll get those in place.
Michael Monahan: So I'm just going to wrap up with that. We are in position, and I'm very proud of our team to deliver a very successful 2010. Our forecast is 12% to 13% EPS growth for the year. We're building momentum where it helps most. We're accelerating volumes. We've got strong net new business result in all regions. We've shifted from rollout to leverage in Europe after a successful but long and very difficult SAP rollout. Our M&A pipeline remains very robust even after announcing our Dober and Cleantec acquisitions. And this is all done, and frankly, still along the market. And so we feel good about what we've done this year. And most importantly, how we've stepped the business up for the future. So we like our position. We'll continue to put focus on the things that matter, which is building the top line, leveraging it successfully and making sure we do smart things for not only the near term but for the future. So I appreciate your time today. Thanks for your interest and we'll talk to you soon.
