Douglas M. Baker: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon. Well, I just want to offer a couple of thoughts and also talk a little bit about the pattern in the second half. So overall, I feel very good about the progress we've made as a company and the position that we're in. The integration work that we've undertaken has gone quite well. Our cost synergies are tracking above plan. We're already seeing effective transfer of technology from business-to-business, and it's already making an impact in our ability to serve customers. Growth synergies are ahead of target, and our people are onboard. The integration also, while it's going quite well, is not getting in the way of growth. So our underlying business continues to move ahead. Our second quarter new business results and corporate accounts were again ahead of last year by double digit. So the first half corporate account new business gains are up over 25% versus last year. That is a huge metric for us and very important. New product launches, one of the key drivers for gross margin recovery and expansion, are also on target this year. And our Europe renaissance project, the restructuring project, is delivering improved margins, as Mike outlined. So the legacy Ecolab EMEA sales are up 2.5%, OI was up 34%, 120 basis point improvement versus second quarter last year. So we are on track for 100-plus basis point improvement for the full year. As a result, we remain on our path to deliver very, very good EPS growth for the year. Forecast indicates 16% to 19% growth for the year. And importantly, we will exit the year with real momentum. The last point I'd like to touch on is the pattern of our EPS growth in the second half, which is different than our pre-merger pattern. Specifically, Q3 was typically a larger absolute EPS quarter than the fourth. And this year, post merger, we are forecasting a $0.06 to $0.07 higher Q4 than Q3. So what drives this is the following: First, our seasonality as a combined entity has changed particularly between Q3 and Q4. So while it used to be lower in Q4, now Q3 and Q4 in a typical year are going to generate roughly equivalent absolute EPS earnings. So the base is changed when you look at the quarters sequentially. Number two, we anticipate a significant and continued ramp-up in quarter-to-quarter synergy savings and renaissance restructure savings in Europe. In total, these will be $0.05 or even better, higher if you will, in Q4 versus Q3. And finally, we also get roughly a $0.01 boost in tax in Q4 versus Q3 this year due to the U.S. R&D tax credit, which, since it hasn't passed, all falls in Q4 versus in typical years when we smooth it out over 4 quarters. So importantly, our expectations around our sales, pricing and raws are very consistent with current trends, meaning there is no expected hockey stick ramp-up in either markets or underlying performance trends in our business. Net, we think we have a very good handle on the forecast and on the business. Our expectation this year is for a very good performance for the full year, 16% to 19%. Importantly, it's accelerating double-digit EPS growth every quarter, all driven by excellent integration work, outside synergies and continued excellent underlying business performance, driven by great new business gains. Most importantly, not only does this set up for a very good year in '12 but means we are building momentum leaving the year, which bodes well for 2013 as well. So with that as an opening, let me now open it up for questions. And so I turn it back to the operator.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think our call was pretty much as it was at the end of Q1, which is our expected rest of the year performance at that time and this, is high teens sales growth and I would say improved EBIT margin. If you look at Q1 and Q2 EBIT margins in energy, they look like they're different. If you really understand some one-timers between the 2 of them, they're very smooth and around 15% for those 2 quarters. We expect that they will be greater than 15% in the back half.
Douglas M. Baker: It's a whole host of initiatives, David, but it's getting down to fundamentals around indirect procurement savings, a number of which are contracts which we've been renegotiating or just going into place mid third quarter. So they haven't delivered any savings year-to-date. We'll get full quarter savings for these in Q4. We have continued reductions in G&A and in headcount around the world, particularly in corporate and G&A overlap positions. So those are more fully realized in Q4 than they are. We're closing offices around the world, which are taking place mid to late Q3. So you're going to see full impact of those in Q4. And I can go on, on another list of initiatives then you get into the restructure programs in Europe. There have been a number of things that have been in the works for 18 months, which are coming onboard in Q4. We'll start delivering savings there as well. So a lot of this is just natural timing, and they're quite consistent with what we said at the beginning of the year that we wanted the majority of this work done the first year, which really means that it's going to be back half weighted.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, always, we had anticipated -- first of all, the base gets easier in a sense because last year, the raws really increased, ramped up in the second half. And we've had consistently, I think, pretty good performance on pricing. So as we just mentioned in Q2, pricing overtook raws. In Q3 and Q4, we're going to have a greater gap as we move on.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, I think we have said -- I mean, no doubt that we are going to have improved gross profit year-on-year in the second half. It's going to be much greater than we saw in the first half, right? We were behind in Q1. We're about even in Q2. Q2 with a gross profit issue was really a mix issue. And we will have improved, and you'll see daylight in 3 and 4. Certainly, some of that is continued pricing. And then also, raws have abated. So our forecast for raws has come down from Q1, where we looked at the year to be quite over our plan to more in line with our plan quite frankly, but it has lowered over the course of the year.
Douglas M. Baker: I don't know. I guess we are comfortable we have good visibility and understand what's driving the ultimate business performance. And certainly, our understanding of the energy and WPS business is expanding as time goes on, but I think we're comfortable that we've got a handle on how raws impact that business. It's not dramatically different how we see raws impact our business either in size of impact, timing of impact, how long it takes any of these businesses to recover, big raw moves in terms of pricing activity. I think the story we've told historically is Year 1, we recover absolute dollar impact. Year 2, we recover margin. And I think that formula works quite nicely as you start thinking about WPS and ES [ph] as well. And I think that's what's played out. They have executed in both energy and water and paper quite well in terms of pricing to recover the raws. And so you've got some abatement on the raw materials on that side. I think we've got a handle on what that means and how it impacts the business. Certainly, that's going to bode well, and that's in our forecast for Q3 and Q4. But we had some $60 million in negative raw year-on-year in the first half, and it's going to be modestly positive, i.e. we'll pay less for raws in the second half than we did a year ago. So that's in the forecast, and I think we've got a good handle on it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, actually, we had modest -- I guess Q2 hung in there quite well. Our anticipation is we are going to hang in there in Q3 and Q4. I think we've got good reason to believe that. I think the pain is where you would expect it, that you go down to Italy, Greece and Spain, and we have negative year-on-year sales growth in those markets. And it is fully offset by growth, albeit modest growth in the balance of Europe. I think we're somewhat favorably disposed given that our big weight is in Germany, France and some other countries which aren't in great shape, but they're not nearly as adversely impacted by the crisis as, say, Greece, Italy or Spain, where we have relatively smaller shares.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, the business came out. It was our water business. It was in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, and some of it was in our AP reporting to a business in Australia. It wouldn't impact in Institutional at all. It was moving out of -- it didn't have any impact there. I would say in total, as we look at it, it had a modestly negative impact on Nalco in Q2 because there is a big onetime sale in Q2 last year in that business. So the WPS business results would have been modestly better without it if you exclude it like a point higher in sales and a couple points in OI.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it wouldn't -- not yet. We've been through many of these cycles in the past. This clearly is going to increase feedstock. It will ultimately increase protein prices, then we will have the typical switching among protein sources. We're fairly well represented across protein segments, but I don't think this is going to make our future conference calls -- I don't think it's going to be worthy of a mention. We'll just probably move through the cycle. It's a bigger impact on other people.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, John, what I would say is what we signaled -- or I worked hard to signal into the first quarter was that we would not see 200 basis points this year of margin improvement mostly because the underlying market isn't as healthy as we anticipated. But with that said, we expected 100-plus basis point improvement. I would say we still believe that's the right forecast one more quarter into the year. And I think the fact that we had a very strong performance in Q2 indicates that, that forecast is pretty good. The real change, if you will, from 18 months ago when we first gave it is, obviously, we anticipated modestly better underlying economic conditions in Europe than we're seeing now. I think we're performing quite well given the European conditions. I mean, OI is going to improve dramatically this year. We're going to make more money in Europe in spite of the economic crisis. We're offsetting this. We're doing a good job on new business gains, getting pricing, doing a bunch of stuff that I think bodes well for not only this year but for next.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So look, I'm confident we're going to do 100-plus basis points this year. I think we're on track. Certainly, it's sensitive to sales. So sales fell off or occurred differently than we are forecasting, but we're not expecting a big ramp-up by any stretch. That would be negatively impacted. I think though, we've got a good handle on sales expectations. So we feel good about the forecast for the year. In terms of outlook for '13 and '14, we would expect to continue to increase margin performance. We expect to have our highest margin in Q4 this year, which gives us very good momentum going into next year, leaving the year. So, yes, at least 100-plus again next year would be our expectation, and I think that's probably what we'll be forecasting when we get down to it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it doesn't flow through immediately, right? Usually you've got inventory and other stuff you've got to get through. And of course, that convention is different by different geographies. Certainly, it was welcome news. And as I -- I think the best thing to hang your hat on is we feel good about the margin progression. And if we look at any more normalized time period, the second half could be better margin than the first half on -- I would call it very good growth, high teens growth in the third and fourth quarter. But that business, we feel, is quite healthy.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say we're kind of constantly purging. One of the things we like our businesses to look at is, we won't use the word we use, their worst 10 contracts and maybe the worst performing parts of their business, and just make sure we have a handle on -- things change when we do these contracts. We want to stay up on them. There are still contracts out there that we don't love, that we are on and after not only in, say, the W, the paper business or the water business, but some of the businesses, the legacy Ecolab businesses, too.
Douglas M. Baker: We're trying to get a sheet to pull out because it's got a breakout by even specific region. All in all, the WPS business for total Europe is performing. I would say it's in the 3% range, and the energy is in 30% range. Total, if you combine all of our businesses, Europe growth would step up to the 4% range. So they're growing at a faster rate and have better margin than the legacy Ecolab business. One of the reasons we have the whole renaissance restructure was that we were not satisfied with the legacy Ecolab business margin performance and wanted to move that into the double-digit range, which is why all the conversation around it. I would basically say in terms of how we view Europe, it certainly isn't going to be a bright spot in terms of sales performance for us. We believe it will continue to grow. We do believe it's going to be a fairly bright spot in terms of operating income performance as we continue to drive margin in spite of all the bad news coming out of Europe. So the fact that we started this restructure 18 months ago is frankly quite good news for us because it's enabling us to manage through a tough situation in a pretty effective way.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're actually almost 3/4 of the way through the buyback. If anything, we feel like we've made very good progress there. We did put it on what I'll call a hiatus as a result of the European crisis noise just to make sure we understand how the financial system is or isn't impacted as we go through that, because we've made such significant progress in a pretty short order.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say in total, in Asia, yes, we think we will be building momentum as we exit the year going this year. And China is probably one of the major stories there. And our China business, not surprisingly, like everybody else's, has slowed as the year's gone on -- slowed down. And we do expect to start seeing sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 as we exit the year in China, which has a fairly significant impact on the overall Asia business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We're talking -- typically, when we're giving, say, the European 34% number, that's in fixed currency. And so you got it right. In fixed currency, we had very good performance across our international operating segments. And that report out is legacy Ecolab international operations. And it's -- then currency is the major, right, negative as you go through this on a reported basis.
Douglas M. Baker: Second quarter -- we lost about $0.5 million in the second quarter. We anticipate that we will more than recover Q1, Q2 losses and make money for the year Q3, Q4.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, they've anniversary-ied in the second quarter in the U.S. There was an acquisition in the European Healthcare, which we called out, which was Esoform, but not in the U.S. number.
Douglas M. Baker: Dmitry, I think consistent with the conversation we had at the end of the first quarter that -- or even when we announced the restructure program in Europe, we basically said, "Look, it's predicated on modest growth, not a huge ramp-up in growth, but modest growth. And the other underlying assumption was probably a fairly favorable raw material environment." What we've -- and so with that underlying assumption, we basically said we would expect to see 200, 200 and 100, 100 and ultimately get to double-digit margins in Europe. What's changed probably since we initially went out in January of 2011 is the fact that one, we had significant ramp-up in raws, which we're now catching up to with pricing. The pricing catch-up is probably a little slower than our normal 1 year 1 year formula I articulated earlier because the economic conditions there are so dire. And growth is a little worse than we anticipated when we announced it. Not terribly worse, but look, it's a combination of those 2 that basically have gotten us to say we still expect to get to double-digit margins but it's probably going to take a year or 2 longer than we initially forecast simply because the ramp-up's going to be a little slower. We are coming off the fact that we think this business ought to be a 12%, 13%-type margin business. And we still believe we see a clear road to get there. It's just a little longer road than we anticipated in January of 2011. So the forecast this year of 100-plus is certainly lighter than the 200 we went out initially. But I think given the environment, I feel the team's doing a very good job offsetting the raws and maintaining some sales momentum in a very difficult environment. So we think we will end up the year much improved in Europe and most importantly, I think, with good momentum going into '13 so we can see continued margin improvement as we go into '13 and '14.
Douglas M. Baker: Our pricing has been improving in Europe, but there is no doubt that pricing is a negotiation with a customer. And we've got to make some trade-off decisions based on where people are economically. It is always much more difficult to get pricing in a very difficult economic situation. Certainly, I would consider Europe right now a difficult economic situation. With that said, pricing has been accelerating there for us, but not at the pace that the raws would have dictated in what I will call normal economic times.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Certainly, the part that we got to go look at is a variable component to our SG&A, which is commission and some bonus which are based on growth. I would say -- certainly, I can say confidently that the G&A component is coming down sequentially quarter by quarter by quarter as we go through this. There is no variability there. So we're doing a little math on the S part as we go through this. So give us a second to come back.
Douglas M. Baker: I don't have day by day. Here's what I would say. We believe if you want to go -- what's our expected business trend? So we basically already said energy. We expect continued high teen sales growth consistent with what we saw in Q2. We expect the water side of the business to show sequential improvement from 2 to 3 and 3 to 4. And we expect the same on the paper business. So strength and through the year, not weakened.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes -- no, most of the -- there aren't a lot of onetime synergies. I mean, I will say we are getting to maximum synergies on a faster path than we originally forecasted when we announced the deal last July. But with that said, I think there is going to still be, as the path unfolds, sizable synergy increase '13 to '12. We raised the number, but we're also working hard to move along this path quickly.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I'd say the free cash flow is in line with what our expectations are. So it referred nicely to the last question you asked. Part is we certainly are spending more and at a slower [ph] rate on our restructure effort, which is one of the reasons that we're forecasting higher numbers than originally stated when we announced the merger and at a faster pace. So that takes more restructure money early. So you've got that coming out. We made a fairly large pension contribution. And then you naturally have working capital expansion. But working capital, if you compare it to Ecolab numbers, right, a year ago simply because we've got a bigger business, the pro forma working capital that we're operating with now is quite consistent with what the business was utilizing last year, if you will, on a pro forma basis. But those are the big moves. We've got share buyback and some of the other things that we've talked about. But mostly, it's going to be pension and the restructure.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'll take a shot at myself. Since we had this very ambitious goal of 0 for the year, it wasn't hard to have outperformance. But with that said, I would say we feel very good about the uptake and the real focus initially has been on marrying the water technology and the Food & Beverage opportunity. And so there's work along 2 fronts: One, obviously, selling the existing water technology and also developing, if you will, enhanced capabilities as a result of leveraging the 3D TRASAR technology and applying it in some traditional F&B arenas in the F&B space. And both of those efforts are going quite well. The one I'm most excited about is the latter, the technology marriage, because of what it means long term for the business and our ability to meet customer needs. So we've had very good progress in the quarters. We've already -- we're in the 20 plus million. We expect to be much greater than that. We've got a lot of prospects and think we'll make very good progress here.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I guess the simplest math would be we mentioned earlier that currency since last quarter impacted us a negative $0.05 and we took the top down by $0.03, so currency mostly. I mean, there's a lot of moving parts in the business, but currency would have been the outsize impact.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. From a cash flow standpoint, I think we'll have very good EPS results through this integration period. But obviously, cash flow is going to be negatively impacted with restructure expense. And that's really a '12 and '13 impact.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I would say, one, the share impact is not a couple of pennies. It would be $0.01. That's just given timing of shares and other -- the work that we've already done there. So it's not as dramatic as it might look otherwise. I would say the pluses -- certainly, we've talked. I mentioned raws abated from first quarter in terms of what we forecast for the year to some degree. But then we've got continued improvement in synergies, other cost savings and the underlying business is hanging in there and doing quite well. So I'd say it's a combination of those things that allow us to have confidence in what we're forecasting, which is a very good year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess the way -- looking at it over the last -- I've been looking at these numbers for a while. The simple thing, if you're talking about your 9% in Q1 to 6% in Q2, it really breaks down into probably 3 distinct pieces. One certainly is energy growing at 19% versus 29%. That's about a point of growth. That was expected. And we expect energy to continue in the high teens. So that point, if you will, should be kind of built into how we think about the business going forward. The second piece was -- I'll characterize it as somewhat inventory. There was year-on-year comparisons on inventory. And just basically, as the industrial businesses slowed down, there is always inventory takeout first. So they get hit pretty hard and then have a little bit of a recovery. Call that a point. And then there's just, I think, economic slowdown, which is probably worth another point. So 2 of those points are going to be with us. So while we went 9 to 6, I think as we looked at the second half, we think we're 6-plus going through, so better than second quarter, not at first quarter run rate, if that helps.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's not great, but we don't think it's going to be a material driver in Q3. So I think we've got a good handle on what the expectations are, particularly in Italy, as we go through it. It's not a monster piece of our European business. So I think we're in good shape even with the lousy holiday period in Italy.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would basically say the first half performance of energy in terms of margin, we think, is a very good indicator of how the business performed. I would probably say there is some favorable stuff in the first quarter worth maybe 50 basis points and some unfavorable in the second. And so we think 50 is probably the best proxy for how that business performed in the first half, which was the first half cumulative number. So it wasn't huge swings in either one. It just happens on these 13-week periods, right? Energy's got some big shipments and big deliveries that occur. And so you're going to have some impact in 13-week periods. But all in all, we think that business is fine and moving in the right direction.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, packaging, where we had the softness. Europe somewhat was -- it went into the swamp earlier. And we've been fighting through in Europe a little longer. So I would just say it hit the low point earlier and it's starting to move back, right? I mean, North America, I think you saw the slowdown in this quarter from an industrial output standpoint. And China is fairly clear, too.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, some of it was the businesses, I'd say, impacted by destocking, which is somewhat behind us now in these other places. I guess I'd underscore the word modest expectations in terms of growth. So we're using the most liberal definition. We don't expect a big bounce back in paper in Q3, but we expect it to improve, and so be positive in Q3 but quite modestly, flattish to positive, and then better than that in Q4.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes -- no. I don't want -- we don't want to signal that. I think what we have said is once I think the Europe crisis showed its full hand and the fact that we had made such significant progress in a fairly short period of time, we thought discretion called for what I'd call kind of a hiatus period. We haven't put a set timetable when that would end. But certainly, we would like to understand what, if any, financial impact in the financial system we may see as we come through this as we also went and talked about the remaining shares have a somewhat a negative impact if they're not executed this year. But we think it's a manageable impact as we go through. So we think the plan that we have in place is a smart plan for shareholders and for the business.
Douglas M. Baker: No, it's that impact. A little higher share count has a little negative impact on EPS. But we think the smart play right now is make sure we understand the situation before we continue to move forward.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think the only way we're going to ever answer the predictability question is, are we able to continue to forecast successfully and continue to drive earnings growth. I would say we feel like we are positioned to demonstrate that as we move forward. And I think that's going to be the ultimate answer to this question. And I think it's the only fair answer to the question. As we look at the business in total, I would say like the businesses that we've been managing for a long period of time, there are always pluses and minuses in all these businesses. I don't think that we've been "surprised" by the Nalco businesses. If there have been surprises, they have been as many positives as anything else. I mean, certainly, energy has been a business we liked very much moving into this and performed quite well. We knew that paper was more cyclical than the other businesses. We knew Nalco in total was slightly more cyclical than Ecolab, but we always said that was a very high bar because we are very uncyclical. And we think this is manageable as we go through. When you take the total weight of the business, we think we would still characterize the total business as certainly manageable in terms of any cyclical nature and feel quite predictable, which is, I think, really what the hallmark of our business was as we work hard to deliver against the forecast we give so that there can be confidence in what we say going forward. We think that's important.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our original forecast for cost synergies -- and so these would include tax. For cost synergies, our original forecast was $150 million at the time of announcement, July 20, 2011. We, in January, upped that to $250 million on cost synergies. And again, that excludes tax.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, I would say 2 things: One, allocations and how we allocate dollars. The synergies are going to show up on not only the energy and WPS businesses, but also the Institutional, F&B, Kay, et cetera businesses, the way that we allocate, so that they're not going to flow specifically or only to WPS and to energy as we go through that. So I don't think you can look at it that way and expect that they're only going to be there. With that said, if you look at the energy and WPS businesses together, their first half performance was quite strong. I would say our business was quite strong. And so year-to-date, they're up 16% NOI if you exclude the business that we transferred to them. So the underlying business performance has been very solid there. The synergies were built considerably quarter by quarter. So you take the $20 million run rate at $80 million, it's nowhere near the $250 million that we're forecasting. So we know that's going to get better over time. And you'd also have to look at tax over time, where we've had sizable cash impacts as well as we've already brought down the combined rate to Ecolab's historic rate of around $30 million, right? They were running, at I think, at about $34 million. And so we've already brought that down considerably. So I think you'll see sizable cash benefits as the story unfolds as well.
Douglas M. Baker: I don't have the specific allocation here. We're talking 20 businesses in a bunch of countries. But that's how we set up the P&L.
Michael Monahan: Well, it's 3% total for consolidated Ecolab, and so international is about half of that, so it's been bigger impact on international.
Michael Monahan: We'll get you the numbers from the public to the fixed because as you know, we always report and manage to a fixed currency. So I'll have to check on what the public dollar was.
Michael Monahan: And just to be clear, Dmitry, the work that we're doing, the cost takeout, I mean, that is coming along as expected and we're well ahead on that. Simply, the other costs are the issue.
Michael Monahan: Well, that's it for us. Thanks, everyone, for your time. And if there's any questions, please give me a call to follow up. Have a great day.
