Doug Baker: Hi, good afternoon. Well first on the quarter, we had a very good quarter. We saw the improvement in the underlying business that we expected and predicted. Sales accelerated to 6%, new business was again very strong, up significantly versus last year’s record year. Our innovation is on track; we’re getting all synergy in Europe renaissance calls. And energy is back to double-digits growing 14% in the quarter and on track to deliver double-digit growth for the year. This all occurred in extremely turbulent environment globally. This is an environment we don’t expect to change, but this is a challenge our team and business I believe is well equipped to manage.  So, looking forward, we expect to finish the year in a strong way. We forecast EPS growth for the full year of 18% to 19%. We expect in Q4 similar sales growth driven by continued strong new business results and double-digit energy growth, which leads me to the topic of the day if not the week and that’s oil price and its potential impact on our business. Let me talk two scenarios because it’s easier than trying to go through every potential scenario. I am going to talk about $80 and above oil, WTI and then also the $74 scenario which seems to be the popular scenario given Goldman Sachs’ recent call. For $80 and above, I would just say it’s same as it ever was, meaning oil production is on; healthy industry, we like it close to $80 because also while you have full production in the oil and gas business, you also have economic benefits and favorable raw materials. If price falls below $80 depending on how far and for how long, it would likely be a drop in activity. There isn’t any clear consensus on a simple number, but if it’s $70 over an extended period, we’d certainly see a pull back. At $75 we would expect a modest pull back. The impact on us, so we’d say double-digit energy growth would likely turn into high single-digit growth as less than 25% of our energy business is exposed to the parts of the industry most impacted by pricing at that level. So, this is of a small if any impact on the overall company operating income as we would take a number of steps to offset this top-line impact. Energy itself would shift from full on growth to growth and cost savings initiatives they would balance their portfolio if you will of activity. Lower raw materials would probably occur across the company as we see lower oil prices. And three we would also likely see improved institutional market particularly in U.S., if consumers would have more discretionary dollars to spend as a price of the pump continues to lower. Now when you look at our business, we’ve got a business well positioned to manage through either scenario and or other scenario. I’d say most importantly we have a team that’s quite good at reacting to a ever changing environment. I think we have proven that over the years. So, my expectations that we’ll continue to grow and perform in any of the reasonable scenarios I have seen so far this year and beyond. So good quarter, we’re in good position. We like what we’re doing. We’re going to continue to do it going forward.
Doug Baker: Yes. Gary, I would say two things. Institutional underlying a number of things are going well. I would also say in Europe in particular we’ve taking a number of steps to get that business, what I would say right and get focused on the core Institutional business. While, we’re going through the steps, it’s I would say having an impact on reported operating income to remains leverage in the Institutional business particularly in our AP, LA and European businesses as we go through and continue to drive volume. So by no means, do we feel like we’re pinned on Institutional profitability going forward. I would say while you’ve got a couple of engines really firing, you often start working on the other engines to make sure that they’re going to be in good position as you move forward. On the Industrial side, it is more a function of sales volume. And the sales volume in Industrial, which I’m sure we’ll end up having a conversation about, we’ve got a pretty mix result when you look at our Industrial businesses. We have our core Water business, which is up 5% globally, our F&B business which is up 4%, Mining is roughly flat and then you had Paper down 3%. These businesses are ones that are probably most not knocked around economically. For the year, we’ve seen losses in the neighborhood of $50 million from plant closures in these businesses. And those closures have disproportionately impacted Mining and Paper. With that said, I think we’re in very good position. We’re nearing if not any bottom of a cycle. And as we start moving out of that cycle and we start having volume leverage, you’re going to start seeing I think good OI returns as we move forward. So, the good news is we think we’re near the bottom. We think for sure closures are slowing. So at least we aren’t if you will running against our current. And going forward, we would expect pretty similar results in Q4 as you saw on Q3 in Industrial, but significantly improved results as we go through 2015.
Doug Baker: Yes. It’s significantly degrade. I think in total our European businesses were up 1% for the quarter. I mean it’s not a number we’ll celebrate, but there wasn’t any big degradation as a result of the European economic situation. We would anticipate that European situation is going to remain challenging. We believe we’ll continue to keep our nose above water and we believe we’ll continue to show OI improvement as a result of all the efforts that we’ve undertaken under the Renaissance program.
Doug Baker: Yes, it certainly total plant assurance program which enables us to do more for existing customers but has also secured new business. I would say across the board we’ve had great success securing new business. I mean it’s the only way you’re going to accelerate the economic situation we find ourselves in, and that’s true for F&B as well as the other businesses. And I think F&B is well poised to continue to perform well. So our expectation is that we continue to grow in spite of the economic condition. We expect that we’ll still see some closures as the customer set tries to make sure that they economize wherever they can because it’s the tough environment for them. But this makes sense that our total plant assurance programs, our efforts to lower energy and water costs are particularly important in difficult times which is why I believe we’re having such a good success securing new businesses.
Doug Baker: No, I don’t, I mean outside of the obvious hotspots in West Africa, I mean no, we have not that anything I have heard of seen any impact. I mean Ebola conversation in United States is probably overblown to what we anticipate the real impact will be as we move forward, but we have not seen anything.
Doug Baker: Well, I guess in Latin America, we continue to drive shares successfully in that market. And I don’t think there is any magic formula that we have. Some of our businesses are probably exposed to the challenges, but I would anticipate we’ll continue to perform well in Latin America. We’re not completely immune from economic impacts, but we still believe we’re going to have healthy growth in Latin America moving forward. Asia, I think clearly on the industrial side, you’ve seen and we’ve seen and felt impact from slowdown particularly in China. And so in our mining and paper business in particular, you can -- we clearly felt the slowdown in China. China tends to drop quickly and rebound quickly. And third quarter was not a great quarter for us in China. I would still say we remain quite bullish in China overall and expect that that market is going to be a very important market for us long-term. So we don’t plan to play any differently there. We’re doing quite well in institutional, quite well in F&B; and the industrial business we expect to rebound as we start having new business offset shutdowns and the like.
Doug Baker: Yes. Our ambitions for healthcare are higher than that. I would -- I think if you go back to conversations we’ve had throughout the year, we basically said we’re putting healthcare in the shop for the year and that we had work to do on the healthcare business particularly around how do we better package our offering and talk about and merchandise our offerings. And that work has been ongoing and I think moving along at a very good pace. We really said not to expect any great change in healthcare metrics throughout this year, but we would expect a change starting in 2015 and that’s still our view. So that hasn’t really changed from the conversation we had in the first quarter. So healthcare, we still believe is a great growth opportunity for the company. We think what the healthcare market needs we’re in a unique position to deliver. I do believe that you see slowly and open this in the healthcare arena to different tactics to get after our healthcare acquired-infections. Certainly I think Ebola shows how serious you have to be in a very serious predicament. And so, as we move forward we expect to gain traction there and have upper single-digit type organic growth in that business.
Doug Baker: Yes. Well, in ‘09 which is really the year, it was like 140 mid ‘08 and then it drop down to 40 and changed in ‘09. Volume was off in the Nalco energy business by 3% in ‘09 versus ‘08. In total, I’m looking at going back. In total the combined sales would have been down 6%. But you had a pretty dramatic drop in price one that I don’t think anybody is predicting.
Doug Baker: As I said, my preamble I think certainly it depends on the price, David, is what I would say. I don’t think there is any reasonable scenario that says we’re not going to go grow. We believe the price is going to be north of 80 bucks. I would say is consensus is north of $90 at this point in time. If it stays in this range, we believe we’re going to grow double-digits. A drops in the mid-to-low 70s, growth is going to be impacted somewhat, but I think you’re still talking upper single-digits.
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say two things; traditionally and what I would call tough economic times. We have a very strong emphasis on new customer acquisition. Customers are more open to change when times are difficult because they’re seeking answers to their own internal challenges. I think that’s one of the reasons we’ve been so successful with our net new sales success both last year and this year because of the difficult time and our emphasis on new business. Second, we also have I would say a larger portfolio of cost savings initiatives and efficiency initiatives and if you will kind of our workflow during difficult times. We will ramp these up as times become more complicated, simply because you’re not necessarily chasing new volume and having to build new volume or capacity. So, we have a pretty strong portfolio right now, but there are number of initiatives that frankly aren’t on green light right now that if they got worse, we would green light and start upping our capacity in terms of what kind of cost savings we could generate if we need to. So, it’s shipping the portfolio of work based on the economic environment. I think we’ve got room on either side, if the economy turns to the positive which is not my prediction. I think we’ve got a number of very good initiatives that we would turn on. And if it gets a little worse on the other side, we’ve got plenty of initiatives there as well. And this is exactly how we’ve run the business over a long period of time.
Doug Baker: I would say there has been zero discussions with people who are talking about major changes in their capital deployments or anything else. I would say it’s consistent with what we read in transcripts of other people in this industry. So, at this point in time, I would say there is no hard indications of any slowdown whatsoever. I think what you have out there speculation that if in fact Goldman’s prediction of 74 is more accurate than their 08 prediction of 200 comes true that what might occur then. I would also say this is going to occur; these things don’t stop on a dime. There’s momentum in this business, capital is being deployed that even if there was a shift in thinking, it’s likely not going to impact for several quarters.
Doug Baker: Yes. John really the way we’re structured is we have focused business team, focused on downstream and oilfield than on WellChem, the upfront. And these teams are kind of on the gas the whole time. So it’s not as simple as flooding downstream, it’s folks out of OFC that up activity; while it’s in the industry, it’s a different business and it’s got different needs and different technologies. So I would really say the way we look at this is our OFC folks are going to be on share, no matter what the environment is; they may start adding a component of cost savings if the market turned against them, ultimately oil is a cyclical business. Our business that’s positioned here is not a cyclical business. And we’ve gone through chart after chart showing this. We really believe our exposure of the production phase and downstream is going to mute any impacts that are going to occur either in the near-term or long-term in this industry. So I don’t -- this is probably the best answer I can give you.
Doug Baker: Yes, this year is really making sure that we underpin how to fully leverage the technology for our customers benefit. So I mean it’s nominal sales this year and it’s on track and doing what we had expected it to. But that will grow over the next few years. Typically for us to realize full annual sales potential and a technology like this, it takes like five years. It takes a while for adoption. These are very sticky technologies. We build them for the long-term. We like what we’re seeing but this is going to be a ramp up over the next several years. 
Doug Baker: They’re pretty similar. I mean our strongest pricing activity across the board would be throughout institutional, energy be next and industrial would be third. And I don’t think that’s a real surprise given where the significant economic pressure is on the industrial side but all are rounding to the same numbers.
Doug Baker: Well, I can’t comment on M&A in particular, I guess I will say that we’d rather buy things that are cheap than expensive. So that goes to real words of wisdom.
Doug Baker: Yes. We believe we are gaining market share in the water space against our key competitors. I don’t have the pleasure of saying I built this water business by any means. So, let me say this objectively, I think it’s the crown jewel of the water businesses. The Nalco business has been the leader in the water business not only from a share standpoint, but the technology standpoint. And we planned to help strengthen that not diminish that. So, we’d like that business. In terms of -- I would say the earlier part of your question, anytime there is change usually brings opportunity because certainly when companies are bought or sold there is distraction and when we buy companies we work to minimize it and move forward as quickly as possible because we don’t really want to be taking advantage of during those periods of transition. Certainly, we’ve gone through this in a lot of industries and we work to go capitalize on transition like anybody would.
Doug Baker: Yes. I guess two things. As I said earlier, combine the heavy and light business, we strip out the piece of it that we’re exiting on the P&L grew at 5% this last quarter. We call that good below our target growth rate. I think it certainly reflects challenging economic times, but we’re doing a pretty good job in that business offsetting it. As they’re having a lot of success securing new business. We recently introduced new technologies in that business through some acquisitions that that teams made. We’ve got other technology being injected as a consequence of being part of the overall Ecolab team. I think that team is a very good team. I think they are managing very well in a tough environment. Our expectation is that they grow in the 6 to 8 organic range as well, particularly in the core water business, which isn’t knocked around in the same degree as say mining and paper are economically. I think we were on track to get there.
Doug Baker: Yes. One, I think there is every one of these large commercial buildings is going to have an engineering staff. So, we would have the capability of monitoring and if we choose to do that and that ends up to be a route that makes sense and is important. But this system I would say has huge advantages versus the systems that they’re using today, which is I think the comparison that you’ve got to keep in mind, the solids bring a lot of advantage in both safety and convenience in terms of adding product and moving product around buildings, the capabilities that 3D brings to this in terms of using water and cooling towers, more cycles and reducing fresh water and flow and the resultant savings that this brings to these building, both at sustainability story but is outright lower end-use costs are quite material. I would say the reception that we’ve had here, both from our customers and I’d say just as importantly from the sales team has been outstanding. And so we are ahead of our projection; this will ramp up likely faster than 3D TRASAR and Food & Beverage simply because you don’t have the same food safety legislation covering these areas that you do or using 3D in the CIP arena. So, we’re quite bullish on what this is going to do in terms of equipping our light team to get after important business that has higher margins in any of the other water business areas that we compete in. And it’s historically been quite sticky if you have the right program.
Doug Baker: Well, I think our ongoing lament is that taking share is never as easy as you wish it was. I don’t -- I get that reflect in your question, I don’t have any areas that I would define as materially different in terms of competitive environment, i.e. a big change in terms of either much easier or much harder to take share. I think throughout the segment, I mean we continue to do well in QSR, we continue to do well in Food Retail; we continue to do well in full service restaurants and hotels. Regionally, the business is getting healthier, across the region it remains healthy in North America; it’s improving in Europe clearly as we look at the underlying trends; it’s doing well in Asia-Pacific and Latin America. So I don’t know global chains are doing well. So, I don’t have a point I would single out for you.
Doug Baker: Well, the early chunk and as this goes, the early chunks were from one, purchasing; two, a lot of the G&A and regional overhead overlaps that we had. And we always said that the later in stage is going to be in the supply chain. That takes longer and it’s more difficult to get after. Next year, we would expect again another about I think 105 is the number that we have used externally, it’s not materially different than your number. And a lot of that is still going to be if you will carry on effects from the work that we’ve done this year in procurement in G&A. But increasingly as you go out in the later stages, it’s going to be in the supply chain, i.e. reducing plant footprint, warehouse footprints and the like.
Doug Baker: Yes. Andy I would say, we’re doing a little over a 100 this year on $14 billion. We’re going to be up a 110 basis points sort of north of that for the year and I think that’s what we had for the quarter. So, I would say I’m not sure, I’d say that indicate more like 40 plus outside of synergies. I think you’ve got to also recognize that when you have this level of synergies, you are taking a number of resources that would be against cost savings initiatives that may not be labeled synergies, but that would still be generating saving. So, the synergies aren’t completely additive because we don’t have resources that are completely distinct to work on synergies, these are up and a lot of the same people who end up working on cost savings. So, getting back to our model, the back of the napkin model, I think when we talk about 68 organic, we talk about called 75 basis points of operating income leverage. We think that’s quite realistic and consistent with what we’re doing right now. When you take an account, some of the people that are working on synergies would be working on other cost savings.
Doug Baker: Well, early returns I mean fairly the only thing we’re probably seeing that everybody else is seeing is lower gas prices. It’s not one of our most significant if you will input costs. Yes, I would say it would be fairly pretty mature. I think if our customers try to start talking about the impact on $35 oil, we might point out that oil on average around the world is trading in the 80s because that target gives away what we haven’t realized. And I think we would have the same conversation with raw material suppliers at this point in time. The raw material markets have been I don’t know fairly steady moving up. And we would say we would expect that we’re going to continue to see modest inflation going forward.
Doug Baker: Yes. I guess you’d have to -- China is a big, big market with a lot of restaurants. And while, you’re right there were some big food safety scares that had a real negative impact on a couple of large players. They’re large in the world, but they’re not really large as it pertains to all of China. And our business in China is up double-digit in the food service arena, traffic is fairly strong, I think our traffic remark across Asia-Pacific which obviously encompasses a number of other markets. And that’s the data that we have.
Doug Baker: The number I have right here is the combined sales were down 6% of Champion and Nalco ‘09 versus 2008. So, I don’t think it’s going to be a dramatically a different result.
Doug Baker: It’s on our whole basket of currencies as they roll off. I don’t know if I’ve got that the FX impact, so large as Canada and it’s a tie between Russia and Europe.
Doug Baker: I think I don’t know that -- I don’t know if this has got any bearing on what’s actually going to happen. I think broadly I think people are fairly bearish on the European economic situation. But I can’t really remember last time they were really bullish. So, I don’t know that it’s going to -- I guess our outlook on it is we expect to remain challenging given the share upside and the other. We’re not forecasting miraculous sales turnaround but we do expect to be able to continue to keep our nose above water i.e. modest growth going forward is what we think we’re going to be able to do. So we do not see a huge material if you will spiral down in the European economic situation. I’d just say it’s weaker, softer but not dramatically.
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say it’s typically that’s kind of a long cycle, because we’ve got to build herds up. It will take a while. It’s not a huge piece of our business, but my expectation probably strengthens back half of ‘15 or ‘16.
Doug Baker: Well the model question FX impact in the next quarter, we expect to be $0.03, but it’s built into our outlook. So, that’s what in our outlook right now. Next healthcare, I don’t think we’re missing any big pieces. I think this is a question of how we put the pieces together in terms of what our offer is and how we better articulate our offer. How we think about going to market, most of the things that we’ve been working on and modeling and testing this year. And that’s the work that we’re undergoing. I guess what we said is we expect a change in performance beginning in 2015. And I think once we get out there proof is going to be in delivery. If we start seeing improved results, you know we’re on the right track. If we don’t, we’re going to have to continue to work. But I believe that business will be a very good business for us for the long-term.
Doug Baker: Yes. I would say Bob the fuel costs benefit or kind of loss in the wash of all the other input costs. We’ve got pluses and minuses. They’re certainly incorporated in our outlook for the balance of the year. In terms of Latin America, we’ve got the -- it’s hard to pay, this is a single industry. And I have friends who are running other companies and there have been obviously in the capital business a very different time and some of the markets down there that’s not exactly the business we’re in. We continue to do well on most businesses down there. Our Food & Beverage and our Institutional businesses, our position decently we have a lot of upside in share. We have done a good job I think in F&B in particular aligning our sales with some very important customers and we’re growing as a result in terms of water. I think there has been additional talent put in the water team over the last year and a half which has proven to be a wise move and that team is performing well and continues to gain steam. And the Energy business is doing well down there. I would say the outlook in that market particularly with changes in Mexico over the long haul remained quite positive.
Doug Baker: What we saw on past sars and bird flu was you certainly -- you see an uptick most notably in healthcare. That impacts a bunch of division. I don’t think it’s going to be an impact that’s going to shine through the total number. But it will be an uplift for maybe some of our business segments. It typically comes in more broadly distributed disease. It’s fairly limited I think it’s fairly easy for them to diagnose potential folks who’ve been impacted. And if we’re smart, we’ll continue to do the right types of quarantine when people are actually infected and that kind of work. So I don’t know that this is going to have a huge boon to our top-line.
Doug Baker: No, I don’t think, I don’t think I’d go make that case, so this kind of across the portfolio and it’s less than 25 and which is to say even if that impacted fairly significantly even on the overall energy business but still going to allow pretty healthy growth. And I think energy would probably take a lot of steps to even mute the impact you would see on their specific P&L. And as I talked about there would be other if you will benefits from lower oil that would impact our other business’s P&L through lower raws and potentially more consumer spend in the more consumer facing businesses like institutional.
Doug Baker: Yes, that have been more common about freight rate which in spite of I’d say lower diesel have been under pressure across a lot of industries, in some markets like U.S. shorter drivers et cetera so there is just pressure broadly on freight rates.
