Douglas M. Baker: Just a couple of thoughts. First of all, Q4, I guess you would have to describe as a very good end to a very good year. First, we successfully drove integration all year, delivered $75 million in synergies as forecast. We had a lot of the heavy lifting behind us, reorganizations, relocations, comp and benefit changes and we feel good about that because while doing that, we continued to do a very good job driving the underlying business. So last year, our underlying business continued to perform very well. We had record new net corporate account business gains. We had very good customer retention metrics. Sales grew, and margins expanded in virtually every business. Europe was a huge net plus, particularly in the fourth quarter, up a reported 310 basis points. But if we adjust for what we consider onetime, it's still over 250 basis point improvement year-on-year. And Energy, as we all know, had an amazing year. So we exit in good shape, and we expect another very good year in 2013. The formula is going to be quite familiar, i.e., new business plus new innovation plus synergies are all designed to overcome what we consider still continued lousy markets. We expect 13% to 17% EPS growth next year to adjusted EPS growth. And again, a strong Energy performance in the low to mid-teen growth while top and bottom line for the year is going to be one of the key drivers, but also solid performance from all of our businesses, which is exactly what we realized last year. Here, more in the single-digit growth, but expanding margins to drive great leverage. All of the above continues to exclude the impact of Champion. We do expect Champion to close in the first quarter. And after it closes, we will then come back with our expected accretion impact from Champion for the year. But we'll wait until we close. So those are my opening thoughts. I'm going to pass it over to Mike to start Q&A.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The simple answer is we had 29% growth in Q1 of last year. So it's really mostly a story of the base and a comparison with the base. And really our expectation is -- so we even talked about that 29% as abnormal last year and not to expect that to continue in the second, third and fourth quarter of 2012. And we said expect high teens, which is exactly what we ended up delivering. This year, it is more low- to mid-teens expectation, but the first quarter, because of the comparison, is just going to be lower. However, if you start doing 2-year growth rates and everything else, it's going to be continued very good news, and we expect good things. That business is in very good shape.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we always knew -- we did a little over 100 basis points last year improvement year-on-year in margin. That follows the 65 basis points in '11. So cumulative, we're up about 175 basis points for the 2 years. That's below the projection we made when we announced the Renaissance restructure January of '11. However, we also didn't predict the Europe crisis and all the rest. So yes, I think it is a clear sign that the programs we've implemented are making headway. That in spite of the sluggish economies, we're reporting sales growth, i.e., modest, a couple of points. But that couple points generated very sizable OI returns and growth as a result of the Renaissance work that we did. And so as Mike talked in his earlier comments, we expect another 100 basis point improvement this year, and we still see, in total, 1,000 basis points over the life of this program. It's just going to take more years to get as a result of the Europe crisis than it would have if we had a "more normal" European economic situation, but we feel great about it.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, look you never -- I would say here's how we're treating it. Our best estimate is that it abates in the second half of the year. That's what we think is going to happen. Our plans assume that it won't happen. So we are out aggressively going after pricing and doing all the things that we know we need to do to make sure that we continue to manage the situation until it shows itself to be as benign as we forecast. So you have -- what you're going to do and you have what's your forecast, we try not to let the forecast influence us unduly. So my guess is it abates. If I'm wrong, we're still going to have it covered. If I'm right, I think we'll be even happier.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, we've done well in Europe. Frankly, all over the world, in terms of retention this year across our major businesses. I would say while our products are priced premium, we generally prove to be the lowest in-use cost because of the savings that we deliver in water, energy and the rest. And the longer people are with us, the more they understand the economic benefits of our programs. So we have historically been good at retaining customers, and I would say that's continuing. And we're having good success continuing to generate new customers. And you have to in this environment, because underneath the covers, if you will, we all know there's real softness in the economy. And so our version of same-store sales aren't going to be enough to drive the type of growth that we expect from ourselves.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess, Gary, to answer, we have always had a great deal of respect for Diversey. The best way for us to show the respect is to likewise be a very aggressive competitor. We don't plan to change that. I would say in all cases, we track wins and losses against every major competitor that we have in all the businesses that we're in to a competitor. We had substantially more gains than losses last year. That would include Diversey. And that includes the victory that they're touting. We tend not to get into a account by account. I think we've learned over the years that if you're going to talk about your wins, you probably should talk about all your losses too. And there's a million accounts that we handle over a year, I think at the end, we're going to work to drive performance. We feel good about how we're doing that, and we feel good about the momentum we have.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So externally, we had a very low target called 0. Internally, we had a little more ambitious target, and I would say we are handily ahead of our internal target. We've had more early success than I think we forecast and like the prospects going forward. So when we announced the merger, we talked about $0.5 billion by 2016 in growth synergies, and we still believe that's very achievable.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's growing. Didn't grow every quarter all year, but improved steadily throughout the year. And I guess that's how we view it. That some of the pressures on the water business, particularly in paper, occurred in Asia first. And we see Asia coming out of it in many cases led by China. So I guess, we view that as a positive story as we move forward. But of course, it varies by end market. You've got more pressure where you might expect, mining and some of the others which we addressed in the upfront comments. But the water business, we expect to continue to grow next year and to continue to have very good OI performance.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, it grew quite quickly in 2011 as well. I mean, I don't -- if we're talking Asia, Jeff, in particular, because that's where the water business was growing quite quickly. It wasn't growing 20% globally. And we expect that the Asian business has capability to do that again. I don't think it's news that China, in particular, which was the major fuel for that growth, hit -- let's call it a major speed bump, in its industrial production in 2012. So certainly, that had a real impact. And China is moving out. I think we talked about China improving in the second half as early as the second quarter, and we've seen steady improvement there. So we expect Asia to continue to be a very strong part of what's going to drive water growth long term.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's part propylene's gone up. I mean, I think we've talked through the years about what our raw material areas are. And it's not dramatically different than first quarter of last year, it's just moved up from fourth quarter of this year. And -- but we have other pressures. However, I would say my expectation -- since '04, we have seen fairly consistent raw material pressures in our business. We've expanded margin during that period of time, and all we're saying is we all know there's a little bit of lag when we see the pressure from raw materials. It typically has upfront, a little bit of compression impact on our margins. And then through pricing and other actions, we have shown that we've been able to overcome these pressures with time. All we're trying to do is say, we see a little pressure in the early part of the year, we're not saying that it's going to impact the year. We're forecasting 13% to 17% EPS growth.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say a couple things. So there's 3 businesses really in there. I mean, one's a part of Pest, and that's where the staffing increases occurred. It's in our audit side of the business. Pest has been improving steadily. We had a top line problem we said we had to address in 2012. Team did a very good job. They got top line momentum, now firmly in the mid-single digits and working on improving from there. That gives you enough room to start driving Pest profitability because we can get leverage on that type of growth. EcoSure, we've had to make investments throughout 2012. We'll start lapping them in the second half. But we expect EcoSure profits to improve next year. And in GCS, we had a loss in the fourth quarter, but it was fairly small. And the GCS business has continued to improve year-on-year. I would expect that to continue. So for that segment, I would say that we expect it to be accretive, i.e., to drive OI increase in '13 versus '12 and not be down.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I can't. What I guess I can say is, we continue to expect to be able to close in the first quarter, and we continue to expect this to be a very, very good deal for us.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, this year, organically, we're up just north of 1%. But part of that is because we had opportunities when we were merging the water businesses, et cetera. Next year, we'd probably be a little north of that in terms of expanding sales force a couple percent is what I would expect.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, first of all, the way synergies were applied to the businesses, they impacted all segments to one degree or another, because basically a lot of the synergy effort was on shared G&A and corporate cost as we discussed early. That was first year's pressure, as well as purchasing. Purchasing, again, we had shared raw material suppliers, it's going to affect all businesses. So we are up in total for the business about 160 basis points, not just -- I'm talking about for the corporation year-on-year, if you do pro forma margin increase at OI level, then about 60 of that would be from synergies and 100 would be from, what I would call, just normal efforts. So these normal efforts apply to many businesses, but they apply in particular to U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. [indiscernible] has been doing a great job in innovation in driving new platforms in both warewashing, now in laundry. These command substantially more price per pound or kilo than the products that they're replacing, but they deliver 3x to 4x, if you will, in the premium in terms of value to customers in energy and water reduction. So those are great margin enhancers as we continue to drive them. We continue to be on pricing because we continue to see raw material pressure. So that needs to be a constant push. And then of course, they work on field productivity and we've rolled out technology over the years that we've discussed in the field, which enables our field to spend less time on paperwork, more time selling, which means they can handle a few more accounts than they could pre-technology.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We would and need to wait until after the Champion business closes. Part of the Champion deal includes stock. And it would be, I think -- I can't commit to an exact timetable, but once the Champion deal's closed, we have the ability to restart share repurchase.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we already discussed Europe where we expect Europe margins increase by another 100 basis points. That's by far and away the biggest part of the segment. Latin America and Asia-Pacific margins will also improve as we improve, if you will, scale there. Sales volume will translate into margin improvement, because it's over pretty much a fix in existing infrastructure base. So we would expect those margins to continue to improve, mainly driven by Europe.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we feel very good about our prospects with our Food & Beverage business. A couple of things. I mean, there's been some softness in the protein segment which has been widely reported. But at the end of the day, it's really just timing of when new businesses come on both in the base and coming on in the current year. We expect that business to be mid single-digit performer going forward, continuing to drive very good OI leverage.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The Kay business is, I'd say, performing very well. I think it has since we acquired it. And it's driven by new business, no doubt about it. We've had new business on both the QSR side and the food retail side. Food retail side has had outsized new business gains. Prospects there look good. But it will always be, I guess, lumpy in the sense of lumpy growth rate. But it just grows faster in some periods than others. It's -- and I don't want to start characterizing this as cyclical at all because it's never shrunk that I know of in any quarter. It just keeps building on its past success, and we see plenty of runway for that business to continue to do that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say we're mostly through the paring low-margin customers, and it was in -- wasn't in a single part of the paper industry. We really -- we do this regularly. We look at the top and worst contracts that we have. We determine how we're going to fix them. What do we need to do? In some cases, you have to exit them, particularly. And we really judge a contract based on its gross profit, not necessarily on its operating income. And simply, if you have a lousy gross profit, it's unfixable even with volume or growth of the customer over time. And so we've done some of that work. I think the paper team has managed in a difficult environment very well. They had a very strong year in terms of profit. The drag, I guess, I would simply say, it certainly impacted the business, but it's not like we would have chest pounding results in the top line if we hadn't undergone this. That business has been impacted by the economy. We will expect it to improve through 2013, but in either case, we expect it to have another strong year in terms of OI.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say, one, several years ago, that business made a strategic move to go after, if you will, the new oil and the new finds. And much of those during that period were in emerging markets or Africa, Latin America, et cetera, Russia. And that move proved to be very wise. So we have a good position there. It's a position that's been building, not shrinking. We have very, very high retention rates in that business. And to sustain the business over the long term, we've got to continue to do what's gotten that business to where it is: Be the innovation leader, continue to be aggressive in terms of going after new business as it comes on and continue to hold onto it. I would say the business lends itself to high retention if you continue to do a good job because there's high risk in changing midstream. So once you're on a platform or you're on the oil field, you tend to keep that business as long as you perform. So there's nothing about this business we really don't like. We're going to continue to invest in it. Obviously, our move in Champion indicates that it's an area that we like quite a bit, mostly because it's a very similar model, much more so than I think we imagined the first day we started looking at this merger possibility, and we came to appreciate it through due diligence and have appreciated it more as we've owned it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. I think the Latin America market has a lot of runway. So we consider that a double-digit growth opportunity for the foreseeable future. We have great opportunities in virtually every business we're in. I think we've got a very strong team in Latin America running that business. It's a team that's been enhanced recently with additional manpower in both management and now, in corporate accounts. So we like the Latin America business. I don't care if it's energy, water, Institutional, F&B, Kay, Healthcare even, but we've got plenty of opportunities.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say the Healthcare business last year, as we annualized against some big acquisitions, it was double digit globally, single digits in the U.S. I think it was a 4% or 5% in the U.S. And we expect that business to continue to progress. I guess we expect more in the high single-digit type growth rate on a global basis. It's going to flip back and forth year-on-year between Europe, which is our other big platform for that business. But no, I would say we feel very good about the Healthcare business and its prospects, and we expect it to continue to be a major contributor.
Douglas M. Baker: The $0.35 did not include -- well, I mean it's [indiscernible] of Champion. Did not include the Champion numbers. We'll give -- it'll include like the deal cost that we've swallowed to date on Champion, but none of the cost-related synergies, et cetera, in Champion.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think the reference really wasn't to our business per se. It was really to the underlying economic conditions, and Brazil would probably be the prime example, that there's been some slowing in Brazil. To date, we've been overcoming the slowdown, if you will, by very big successes with new accounts.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our pricing is, it depends by country, but obviously, we've got some very high inflation countries like Argentina, et cetera. In total, around that region, it's in the 3% to 4% range.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say steady would be a hard word to use in a sentence with Europe. So I would, I guess, describe Europe as, it's a very mixed story. But you've got -- I guess my expectation on Europe is going to be much more the same this year as last year. We do not see significant degradation, but you still see real softness in countries I think you would expect and particularly Italy, Greece, Spain and some of the other countries. And we expect to see that continue through this year. We think we will offset it, hence, our forecast of growth. Now, we did it last year. I think our plan is right, and we expect to have nominal growth again in 2013. But Europe, I don't think it'd be fair to call it steady-state right now.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. [indiscernible] and part of it will be -- I think the new business activity with, call it new customers selling this program in an existing customer, principally going to hit water. We are seeing some F&B dragged into historic water accounts, which we'd also expect, they've got some food business that F&B did not -- had not yet penetrated the plant. In technology, I think you're going to see the technology plays in Energy, in Institutional and in water and F&B [indiscernible].
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we participate in a number of them. But I would say a number of the greenfield openings were delayed 2 to 3 quarters, and those that were planned to open in the first half of '12 are now going to open in the first half of '13. So there were significant plant takedowns, greenfield delayed openings and the rest in the paper industry throughout Asia.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the Healthcare business globally is $600 million and it grew a little over 10% last year, 8% organic. So I guess as a -- look, we have high expectations. Would I like more out of that business? Sure. And If I told you it grew at 15% in '12, I'd still say the same thing. But the business is performing quite well. And expanded margins had very significant OI improvement as well during that period. So we like the Healthcare business quite a bit. Still believe it's going to be -- and continue to be major contributor to the corporation's growth.
