Douglas M. Baker: Thanks Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. So the story for the year remains quite consistent. Strong currency headwinds mute very good underlying performance. So looking through FX and pension, we forecast 15% EPS adjusted for the year and 18% for Q4, which we expect to be our strongest quarter. Unfortunately, Q4 has the stiffest currency headwinds too, totaling 11% including Venezuela, which is stronger than we had previously forecast. Energy markets were and are a huge factor for us this year, but they're not the central driver in our results. Low energy prices have caused value and price erosion in our WellChem business in particular and Energy services broadly, but that's largely been made up via lower raw materials across our platform. This is still the fact. FX is the main issue. The good news is when you look beyond FX, the business is quite healthy. The Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments combined are growing over 100 basis points faster than last year. The expanded fixed currency margin as well by 200 basis points in Q3, and a projected 130 basis points for the year. The Energy markets are worse than we or anyone else foresaw at the beginning of this year and our business results are softer than planned as a result. But with that said, the Energy business has held up well in the face of a very difficult market. Our OFC and Downstream businesses combined, which are now 90% of the business are forecast to be up modestly on the top line for the year and better on the bottom line reflecting synergies. WellChem is where we've seen the majority of our pain. They will be down some 40% for the year, reflecting the dramatic decline in NA drilling activity. Going into the year, they are expected to be about 18% of the business. They now represent under 10%. Now, we previously forecasted an improvement in Q4 versus Q3 in energy, and we still do, albeit not as large an improvement but still an improvement. So in total for the year, ES will be down high single-digits on the top line and modestly more on the bottom, so adjusting for Venezuela margins will only be off 10 basis points to 30 basis points for the year, so we've held there quite well. Lastly, let me make a few comments on our forward view. So consistent with our past practice, we'll be sharing our 2016 forecast in February during our Q4 release call. With that said, our early view is we believe our strong underlying business performance in our Institutional, Industrial, and Other segments will continue through next year and start to show through particularly in the second half of 2016. Our Energy business should show improvement as the year progresses too and will likely show flat to modest growth in total. Still, the Energy market and currency including Venezuela will be a comparison challenge that tapers as the year progresses. So Q1 should have similar – could have similar headwinds as Q4, but they should ease as the year goes on. Net, we believe our reported and adjusted results will improve in total as well. With that as an opening, let me open it now up to Q&A for Mike, Dan, and myself.
Douglas M. Baker: Mike, I apologize but we didn't hear the first part of your question. I don't know if you were still muted by the operator or what. So could you repeat it again? I apologize.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah. I'd say it's more reflective than not. I would say the only place where we continue to see, I would say, lower expense levels is Energy. And part of the story of 4Q on the bottom line is we'll see and realize full cost savings benefits from the actions that have been taken this year in Q4. So that will then move forward into 2016. On balance, I think the cost structure you see in the rest of the business is fairly indicative of what you'll see next year.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'd say a couple of things. One, I think our institutional, industrial and other businesses are doing quite well. Many of our large businesses are accelerating second half versus first half. Have had great success in terms of new business productivity. I don't think – third quarter was not a great quarter from a GDP standpoint as far as I can tell anywhere. So I don't think we are currently performing in a good environment heading for a bad environment. I feel like we've been performing well in a lousy environment, which is likely to continue. So emerging markets turtled early this year if not late last year. U.S. economy has not been in any great shape, so I think the only positive surprise you could point to economically in the world would be Europe. And our Europe business is reflecting it. It was up 4% in the third quarter. And we expect continued strong growth in Europe. So I would say I'm confident that those businesses continue to perform well moving forward, because I don't think they've gotten any tailwind from the economy. In terms of Energy bottoming, it seems like it's 0 and 100 for anybody predicting the bottom of this Energy market. I would say we are seeing kind of sequentially the same business albeit a little stronger in Q4 versus Q3. What we are confident in is that the comps get easier the second half of next year than they've been, right? We're going against double-digit comps in the second half right now, last year in the Energy business. And so this eases and frankly makes it a bit easier as you move forward to show growth.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, I mean, a lot of that's going to depend on what your view is of oil. But I think this natural offset that we talked about at the beginning of last year has come through. And so what I'll say is if our view is oil stays exactly here for the next 14 months, you're going to have pressure from the Energy business in a comparison standpoint early in the year offset by favorable comparison on raw materials and then both axes cross and come together. If oil degrades further, raw materials will get lower, and we'll have the same formula that we've had so far this year. So I'll just tell you, I just don't think that's going to be the major driver of the results. It wasn't this year. I know it creates a lot of noise, even here where we've had somewhat we're on the lower end of our outlook that we talked about even in 2009, 2010 meeting – our investor meeting. We've seen improvement in raw material pricing that partially offset that. So this equation is in place. It will likely continue.
Douglas M. Baker: We're not here to give a forecast. I think what we indicated is – net as we look I guess, as far as we're going to go is, we would expect reported results and adjusted results to be better than this year. But our commitment to 20% ROIC, 20% margin and 15% going EPS over a period of time remains intact, we think very real and deliverable.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, I would say it's several things, including those. So we're quite confident we're going to continue to perform well in our Industrial, Institutional and Other segments. The Energy business will be improved next year versus this. You can argue with us is it going be modest growth, modest decline? It's not going to be – it's going to be better than this year for a variety of reasons. And then, yeah, FX headwinds are more likely than not to be less next year than they are this year. And I think that's fairly safe. Sooner or later, they're going to drive the economy down in the U.S., and that will fix FX.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think in our model we don't anticipate that everybody's going to stay, which would be our standard model. So I think there's some expected attrition. We're not going to get into how much. But I would say the vast majority of the business sticks. We think – consider it – look, I've seen a model that says it's minorly. I would say it's probably going be neither accretive or dilutive next year. It will be modestly dilutive early and then starting to get offset as we round a midpoint of next year. Long-term, it's hard to put a model together, does it make that deal look like a great deal for us, simply because the price we're buying it for? And so I'm quite confident that it'll ultimately prove to be a very, very good deal for shareholders, even if it has short-term pain. And the pain really is driven by the fact that this business is, as has been well advertised, is losing money. And you can't turn it from a money loser into a money winner in a day. And so you're going take on some of the lost run rate, and then we've got to go fix this business, but we've got to go do it in a way that doesn't erode the customer base any more than it might happen naturally.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, well, WellChem, what we would say is we were probably more likely not to see very modest growth, but it's going to be starting at quite a low base. And so WellChem in the fourth quarter is about 10% of the business, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. It started out with an expectation of being about 18%. Part of the business has been de-risked just by the fact that we've gone through the decline on a major piece of the business. And so call that flat to modestly up. Downstream will be up, we expect, again next year. And then OFC will gather steam throughout the year. We'll start with some pressure simply because of the fundamentals in the market, but we would expect to be flat to modestly up, too.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, the non-Energy businesses have pricing just north of 1%. And then we're flat in total, so I guess you can figure out that Energy being 30%, what Energy is.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, getting new accounts typically wouldn't count against your pricing necessarily, because it's net new business for you as you go out. It would be protecting – it would be either protecting business, trading price for volume and/or cost-plus businesses. We haven't gone through and done a pure accounting of what percentage each of those things, and I would say, the biggest pressure is obviously in the North American portion of our Energy business, is where we have the most price pressure. And we obviously have sizable business outside of the U.S. where it's not been as acute early. Typically, though, that's a follower. And we expect we will continue to have modest price pressure moving forward as we go on. WellChem has been the single hardest hit component of that business, but all three segments of the business have been hit by price.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, I would say deals are very rarely dilutive. In fact, we had a deal that we were very interested in and had a high level of confidence we were going to close. It ended up being bought by somebody else. The reason we didn't match the price – we actually had a chance to buy it at a lower price – was it was going to be a terrible return, even though it was going to be quite accretive. And with the low interest rates right now, it's not that hard to have an accretive deal. I think what we're trying to be is also very careful about what types of returns these businesses are going to generate over the medium and long-term. And we're going be disciplined there. We were in the 2006, 2007 run up period. We never regretted that. We're going to try to be disciplined through this period as well. So typically, I'd say deals will be accretive not dilutive but we're going to make sure they're good returns.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'd say this. You're right. On Energy, we brought down our expectations on Energy probably every call. With that said, I would like to remind, we have not brought down our expectations for our overall business performance underneath FX. And so whatever decline we've had in Energy has been continually offset through raw material savings and other work that we've done across the company. And so I just don't – this isn't an Energy business. It's a business made up of several elements, and in total those elements have performed very well, 15% for the year and as we've talked about 18% in Q4. So I think that's got be the overall understanding. Now, with that said, in Energy, look, we're in a long line of people we haven't forecasted the Energy fall. And part of it is we rely on published data like everybody else. And I would agree with you. It has not been a great forecaster. I think our lessons learned going forward is we're going to continue to look at this very closely. We're going to continue to understand we have a natural hedge, which is as the Energy market softens, our raw materials go down too. We're going to make sure that we've got additional plans to make sure that our underlying business performance remains quite healthy, well invested, and well-positioned for the long-term, which I think we get good marks on all of those. I think the big miss that we've got is on FX. And to be honest, I don't bias for our FX trading and our forecasting capability. We've never broadcast that we're going to be good at it. What we have been historically good at is forecasting our underlying business performance and I think that still stands.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, I think, say, well, I would stay in about the range we're performing at right now. I think you're going to have some businesses accelerate, some remain under pressure. In total, I think it's going to be more of the same on the top line through next year just given where the general economy is.
Douglas M. Baker: So Healthcare, yeah, we were obviously changing procedures on the specific product where we had the recall. I would I guess point out we haven't had a lot of conversation about this. It was a voluntary recall. We went out and did this through an abundance of caution. I think we did exactly the right thing. If you want to be trusted, you have to act at a trustworthy manner. And I think the team's managed this. We don't expect long-term volume issues from this or anything else. It was really a packaging related issue not a product related issue. But they end up related. So this isn't systemic. It was an issue on this product. In terms of Institutional cultural harmonization, I think this is going to be – one, it's not going be identical all elements of the world, because the world's not identical all over. And we're going to have to have the culture that works in a given market. But with that said, there's going to be a lot of consistency across markets and across the business. So look, we continue to make progress. Institutional was really the last of our businesses to globalize. It's made, I think, great strides in many ways and has still a lot of room to go. I think one of the reasons that we remain bullish is there's so much darn upside in our businesses as we globalize and expand our best practices around the world. And institutional would be a good case in point. So, you've got the U.S. business where we have very good share growing at 7%. We're accelerating in other markets, but we have a lower share, significant opportunity, significant opportunity to improve practice and culture. And as those things come along, I think you're going to see continued improvement in those markets both on the top line and bottom line as well. So I don't know if I'd call out one market over another, I think the challenges are different by market. Europe, we're making headway. Europe has had its challenges, but I also can plainly see that we're making progress there.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, supply – I don't want to minimize the hard work supply chain's done on raw materials, because it's been considerable. But the reason raw material button keeps getting pushed is because the energy market keeps weakening. And it's the main driver ultimately of the raw material pricing. So that's very correlated there. In terms of the other things, I would say if we were going to go do a refresh on this, we're going to end up with 440 (36:04) today, but for a different reason. And you would probably have more in the other bucket from raw materials than we have right now, but the other thing's in there. Some of them are renegotiating and lowering costs of things like fleet, and we also have share repurchase in there and some other things. So these have legs, but they're not all exactly directly related. I mean, I think the fleet is because it's a cost, but shares aren't to operating performance per se as you go through on it. I would say, we knew we had these opportunities moving in and had planned to take advantage of them in the year. And so they're not big surprises, but they're a mix of results.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah. Europe, we'll end up roughly 200 basis points combined Q3, Q4, we're on average. For the year, we're going be right around 100 basis points. We may be a little south, but it's going be fairly modest if we're south, and a lot of that's just FX costs and some other things that we've got in that business, which we'll deal with over time. I think we're up over cumulative 500 basis points at this point in time, so we're going to end up the year about 7.5%. Started off south of 2.5% (38:54) when we started this initiative. So we've made significant progress. We talked then that we expected to get this business into double digits. I would say that's still our view. A key driver, we said, had to become volume, and I think you're seeing that this year as we've started to see some top-line growth as well. And we talked early in the year that we would expect around 3% in that business for the year, and we still say that's what we expect to see, which is stronger than it's been in the past years. So I would say we remain bullish on our ability to get to double-digit OI margins in Europe, and we've made great progress.
Douglas M. Baker: I think it was a view honestly that fourth quarter in particular is going be weaker. And the past patterns aren't going to hold true, particularly in North America. And so there was a takedown of some expectations as a consequence of that.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, it was a quarter. It had been performing better than that in the first half, but I would say, we expect Healthcare to continue to perform better than it is right now. Let me just say, a recall is sort of all hands on deck. You've got your salespeople walking into every account, taking product out or making sure that we get these shipments flipped. So it's quite distracting.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah. Well, let me say, recalls aren't positive for sales, typically. And so certainly, yes, there was a direct effect in a, let's just say, a lot of time spent on something that's not net growing your business.
Douglas M. Baker: I would say that guidance we basically left in place 7-28 (46:12) and then carried forward, I think, signaled typically there's a narrowing of guidance as you go through the year. I think we'll focus more on midpoint to midpoint in our guidance if anything. And that's what we've been referring to. I don't – I think in the middle of the year, if you've got a large range and you've got more topside, it can be – FX can go favorable instead of reverse. The economy's can get better, which they were forecast to do, not get worse, et cetera. I mean, there's a host of things. But no, I wouldn't pinpoint it on Energy.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, I would say early results of Jianghai – and we're calling them early because we're only a couple quarters into it, have been quite favorable. Our expectation is we'll be ahead of plan on that business in terms of contribution. And that's mostly driven by business performance. So I would say, so far so good. Integration, we've got a good team on it. Our managers met on this late last week. And I think we're progressing against all the things that we want to do. Importantly, just like our other integrations, we expect to learn as much from Jianghai as we are going to impart to them. And so a lot of this is making sure we understand business model, structure. They had a sales model that was not that dissimilar to the sales models we've set up in other parts of the world in Water, and how do we then orient ours more like that for the Chinese market. So I think there's a lot of things that we plan to get out of this acquisition other than just growth as a consequence of buying another company.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah, we may have to – I mean, here's what's – we clearly are continuing to lower our cost structure in Energy and Q4 is going be roughly $10 million lower than Q3 in terms of cost structure. So you annualize that, you're going to get 30 (49:16) out of it next year in one, two and three as you go through. So there's work to be done there. But we're going get to a point, and we are close to it now, where we feel we've done the right thing on lowering our costs. What we don't want to do is cut too deeply into muscle because ultimately this business does turn. As we've always said, we think the turn in the market is post 2016. That's been a consistent view and it remains our view, but we have taken steps to lower the cost.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say in our M&A list are some energy properties, for lack of a better term, companies that we hope we're able to buy. It could be a combination of things. I mean, it can be technology that we think is leveraged, but certainly this is a good time to be looking for certain things in the Energy business. I think as I've also said, these are not going be huge deals, Champion-esque in size at all. They're going be probably smaller deals more because that's what's out there. But that should be the expectation.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I don't think this is a case of we've got a technical hole that inhibits our competitiveness. Instead, I would say, there are some technologies we see that may create adjacencies or additional opportunities in our customer base that, if it doesn't happen, we remain quite competitive, quite viable. We don't think we have a scale disadvantage at all in our business. While we go against competitors who are larger in total, they aren't larger in the chemistry that we sell. And in fact, we've got scale advantage versus them in fact in that – in what we're delivering. So I would say it's more on periphery or areas that we think we could capitalize on, create annuity type models like we have in other parts of the business. So it would be more that's where we are fishing.
Douglas M. Baker: Yeah. Well, I would say, look, the Europe business is growing well. We've got a Contamination Control business that's growing quite well. And we have portions of our portfolio, particularly in the U.S., which aren't doing very well, masking what I would call decent core growth. And so our focus is to continue to focus on what we think is going to drive us long term and sort of pull through that way. And we will continue to get after (52:58) hospitals. Hand care is still very viable in that business. And we also have a good Contamination Control business which gives us inroads into a very attractive market which we're going to go follow as well. So we feel good overall about our Healthcare opportunities. We don't feel great about the results in the third quarter.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we've continued to gain share in those businesses. And so I mean, the main thing that's driving all of our businesses is our ability to gain share. Most of the – I wouldn't – the majority of our markets are flat to modestly up, but they're not – that's not the driver. It's been share gains. Energy being, of course, the exception where obviously you've got just market disruption right now as a consequence of the drop in oil price. If you look within our Industrial segment, you'll see pressure in the heavy industry part of that portfolio, be it mining, steel in some respects. China, in particular, you'll see real pressure in mining, steel and also paper because of a draw-down and lack of production overall. But with that said, we've been able to offset it. Water is doing quite well in accelerating, and in light water, our core Water business is healthier and getting better. It's 100 basis point to 150 basis point faster growing in the second half versus the first. And I like what they're doing, so we expect that business to continue to accelerate. I think we've found our sea legs there. So I would expect our Industrial business to continue to perform, even with some pressure on some segments.
