Douglas M. Baker: Nate, this is Doug. I would say most of the fundamentals that we've been driving are still quite appropriate, even given the European situation. I would say, obviously, in terms of investments, we're trying to make sure that investments are being pointed towards, let's say, geography within Europe that we have more confidence in over the near or midterm. So that would certainly be Central Europe, still, East Europe and even Russia as we go forward, but we are being pretty judicious about what we do around the southern ring: Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal. But at the end of the day in terms of what we sell, how we sell it, we think the economic pressure typically make our programs even more valuable because you know the trade. We typically try to put together programs that may cost more, but are lower in use cost, and I would say that's typically been a positioning that works well in Europe, is they'll invest often in better technology if they believe there's a pay off. So we don't want to take our eye off the ball there. We've been having good success in terms of new business in spite of a very difficult economy. It's one of the reasons our nose is still above water in terms of sales.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I haven't seen anything specific to Europe, no. I would say we've been able to get price this year. It's really the primary driver in our sales growth year-over-year in legacy Ecolab, and there's always price pressure. We continue to see it, but I wouldn't say there's anything unique in Europe that's a standout versus what we've seen in other geographies.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So our Asian business, when we talk about Asia-Pacific, the 3 large businesses are, call it, Greater China, Japan and Australia, New Zealand are the businesses that, if you will, dominate by just virtue of size, that part of the region or world for us. So China, I would say in total, and I can give you a -- break it out by legacy Ecolab, legacy Nalco, if you'd like. China, I think we are -- have seen the bottom and expect to see acceleration across the business, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter. When do you start getting at double digits, probably first quarter next year in total, maybe second across the portfolio. We think the legacy Ecolab business will probably accelerate, come out of it faster, simply by nature of the type of businesses, and we would probably expect to even see double-digit growth there, fourth quarter of this year. In terms of Japan, Japan is slow single-digit growth for us. That's not a new story. It's probably what we expect to see there. We still are driving margin. It's a valuable business to us, but not probably a market that we would make a significant investment in. And then you have Australia, New Zealand, slower growth market. We've got a very nice business there. We've got plenty of room to drive increased profitability, which is what we're going to focus on in the near term. So it will be accretive for us, but we don't expect big, big growth out of that market. And then the balance of Asia, right, is by and large, going to be -- we expect to be double-digit-plus growth on a going basis. It's just subscale right now and reaching scale, so it doesn't have the impact, I mean, with the region or overall Ecolab that it will, going forward, as it grows.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the synergies we've talked about regarding the Nalco Ecolab merger were 2 basic buckets. There's cost. Basically, the cost has been, first, corporate; second, G&A overlap and then quite a bit of purchasing year one. So we've talked about that migrating broader into the product supply chain as we get into years 2 and 3 of the merger. So you're going to see that impact across the business portfolio, as the purchasing synergies show up in businesses based on raw material, and you'll see it in G&A across the businesses too because, basically, it's the shared infrastructure, where most of the synergies are realized. The other bucket was sales and synergies growth. We committed $0.5 billion in growth synergies by 2016. I would say we're having very solid early traction there. We've had it in all regions, but predominantly in U.S.-based businesses early, but we expect that to broaden as we move forward. So we're happy with the start there. We feel that $0.5 billion is the right projection for what we're going to realize, ultimately, as we develop that. Champion, we don't expect Champion to have any, what I would say, unintended consequences or effects on our Nalco synergies at all. We believe the $150 million in cost synergies we've talked about with Champion are completely additive to the $250 million of cost synergies that we talked about with Nalco. In addition, there may be additional tax synergies there, but that needs to be played out over time. And we get asked about growth synergies, I would say we need to understand the business more, but you're putting together 2 very attractive high-growth businesses together. We expect the combination to continue to be high-growth.
Douglas M. Baker: I would say as we look at the -- you've got to break it out in components. If you take Institutional, the underlying trends continue to be healthy, albeit Q3 was a bit slower than Q2 if we look at the metric we've talked about previously, which is field sales, but it's still in, right, mid-single-digit growth, around 5% growth range. The Food & Beverage business remains healthy. The poly group, more in the 3% range. However, we expect that, over time, to reaccelerate as we continue to drive new business. So I don't -- we don't believe that Q3 is any huge signal one way or another. We expect to have a stronger Q4 for a number of factors. Some of them are just -- it's really timing quarter-to-quarter factors like days and other things, but those things all wash out in the end. So really, I think we feel like we're in good shape there, but we will continue to focus on driving new business.
Douglas M. Baker: Much of it is -- look, there's a couple of things in that number. One is there's an -- there's couple of acquisitions that are impacting the reported number positively. But even below that, you're still in the teens, and that is where we have the single largest pricing impact, as you might expect, given inflationary environments there. Still, we would have upper single-digit volume growth in Latin America. We would expect that to continue. We've been very successful driving share in Latin America, new business. And I would say we are still very early in the product penetration story in Latin America as well. So we would expect the story in Latin America to continue to be a very solid story moving certainly throughout 2013.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think, yes, and we even included that number, the 2% increase in field selling over this year. We have more field sales people now than we did pro forma at the end of last year. We will continue to make those investments. So I think we're going to realize $75 million of the overall synergy savings this year, of the $250 million. So there's still a number of savings that are going to continue to drive down SG&A in spite of the need to continue to add headcount. So no, I don't think the story's over.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think if you got it more normalized, I'd say you'd start playing in the maybe bottom to middle of our 6% to 8% organic growth range that we like to talk about.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'd say it's certainly, no doubt, been downward pressure. It's been going on for a number of years. I think, cumulatively, I think, foot traffic is now down 13% over a 4-year period, which is a pretty substantial number. In spite of that, we've grown during this period. But yes, absolutely. If you can reverse that trend, you're certainly going to see improvement on the top line. I'd say the team, I think, has done a very good job driving share in a tough environment. They've continued to drive margin through new innovation, sales productivity tools that we've launched and other technology. So it's a business, we think, with very good momentum in a number of areas, but yes, we would prefer a better market.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, so it's Doug. First of all, the raw material environment, I mean, it's stabilized in Europe, but what we're dealing with is we had a big run-up late last year, early this year, very late last year. And so for fourth quarter, we're starting to see moderation simply because we're running into the base of higher raw materials as we go through. We do not expect a highly inflationary environment in Europe from a raw material standpoint next year, more broadly, I would say, is our early read on this situation. So I think as we continue to have success with our renaissance initiatives, as pricing starts catching up to the raw material increases that we've already had to take, that you will continue to see, both in fourth quarter and continuing through 2013, increased margins in Europe. Now it's, of course, predicated on the same lousy situation we see in Europe today, not a dramatically worse situation nor a dramatically better situation, which is our forecast right now for Europe, kind of muddle along, don't expect significant upside from an economic turnaround, but don't expect a meltdown either.
Douglas M. Baker: We know the word "no" in about 62 languages. I would say, I don't know. It's not easy to get anywhere, is probably the best answer. With that said, we saw about 2% pricing in Europe in Q3, which is not bad in total. That's over the legacy Ecolab business where we have measures and we break it out. And so, we're realizing some gains there. With that said, I'd just say the pricing environment is difficult overall. We don't expect next year's -- we've talked about this before. We -- 1% is kind of our normalized pricing and if you're not in a inflationary environment, we think we'll be trending back down towards that number as we move forward.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say there's a couple of things driving it, and we work to drive sustainable benefits, otherwise the business turns into a yo-yo. So the 2 big areas, we've been driving new technology, which is driving improved gross profit margins, and that's been a steady drive for a number of years, and we continue to have success there. Our technology's promise, which is significant reductions in water and energy, continues to resonate even in tough environments, maybe because of the tough environment. And we also have been leveraging sales productivity tools, particularly technology that we've been rolling out to the field, so we continue to see productivity gains. At the same time, it's that -- been a 2 front push that's working successfully in Institutional, and we'll continue to drive it. What we've got to make sure is that we continue to have an offering for our customers that benefits them and makes sense economically for them. And right now, I'd say we think we score well there, and we want to make sure we continue to as we go forward.
Douglas M. Baker: No. No big change in incentives. I would say the distributor community is very prone to driving down inventory, and they're doing it and probably as aggressively as they can. I expected -- I think we expected that there would probably be moderation on distributor inventory in Q3. We didn't see it the way that we expected. This is not big numbers in total Ecolab, but it is when you talk about maybe a specific business in a specific quarter. But ultimately, I don't think that's going to be the overall story for either our company or Institutional. That, sooner or later, they've got to buy what they consume or what moves out, and those numbers always end up catching up. We look at this thing over long views. We've been tracking this over a long period of time and go through periods of dislocation, but sooner or later, it catches up.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say, my belief is I think the Paper team has done a very good job in a pretty difficult environment. And so, there's quite not a lot of tailwind for that business, and actually, in that industry, they've done, I think, very smart things in terms of managing their customer base. We had some [ph] business which didn't make any sense and we didn't think was promising, long-term, in terms of ever getting to a gross profit that was going to make sense for us. And I think the business did the right thing exiting it in a way that still worked for the customer, but is the right thing for the company overall. So that put downward pressure on sales was -- if you take that out, sales would have been flat, all right? So that's not -- still not a great story, and -- but they're also, I think, successfully driving price where they can and managing through raw material changes. I would expect that we will continue to hold that margin. Hopefully, they will have other tools to continue to drive margin up. We want to get that margin up. We believe it's there. And the priority is probably a little more balance on margin right now than growth and then maybe a little shift in priority for that business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. I think what we did with our range was tighten both sides of it. I don't think there's a fundamental shift in the middle of our range when you look at Q4. So we don't have a big difference in our view now versus when we had the annual range out. With that said, what shifted here, Mike, in my mind, is historically, Ecolab pre-Nalco, Q4 was typically a slower sales quarter -- lower sales quarter seasonally than Q3. Now, it's about equal to Q3. I mean, almost the same sales level in total, because basically, Energy's big quarters are Q4 and Q1, and so, this neutralizes the natural seasonality impact you had historically seen in Institutional and others as we went through the winter months. So now, we've got a fairly consistent pattern in the second half. We still are forecasting higher, if you will, higher EPS in the fourth quarter than in the third. And it's driven, part by FX, but mostly, it's driven by synergies in renaissance which continue to build throughout the year. You have the tax that we talked about, which is $0.01, right? Which is really the R&D tax credit going forward? And you've got some catch up, if you will, on pricing and raw materials as well. But principally, it's the synergy numbers that are driving the outperformance year-on-year as they build this year.
Douglas M. Baker: So first, Latin America. Latin America's GP is very consistent. We're pushing it versus the rest of the -- rest of our businesses or the businesses, the like businesses in other geographies. The OI margin has been growing and been catching up, if you will, to Ecolab average. And fundamentally, I think our story on LA and EP has always been, if the gross profit is there to drive the kinds of OI margins we see in the balance of the world, it's really been a volume story. When does volume cover overheads, and the overheads were built because we are covering business in 160 countries. So we've had improvements this year in OI in Latin Americas. We continue to build volume. We expect that story to continue moving forward. So it is not dilutive, long term, on margin, by any stretch. It will be, we think, ultimately accretive. Vehicle Care.
Douglas M. Baker: I mean, at the end of the day, Vehicle Care is a very good business, but it doesn't match our strategic focus on clean waters, safe food, abundant energy, healthy environments. I mean it should [ph] a bit of a match. The model was quite similar, you would say, but at the end of the day, the technology we're building there doesn't really have any leverage across the business. That's not true in water. That's not true in F&B. That's not true in Institutional, and not true in Energy. That technology is leverageable across the portfolio. And so, it's just a question of where do we want to spend our priorities, and at the end of the day, we felt that Vehicle Care would be probably better off owned by somebody else who was going to be more intent on driving growth and investing in the business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we expect -- these are net synergies, right? With their -- minus PMO costs and some other costs, project management office costs. So we would expect that number to be greater, per our earlier discussion in Q4. And on a run rate basis, depends on how you want to handle -- the PMO costs, ultimately, go away as we drive through this. So we'll enter on a run rate well north of $100 million at the end of the year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's a little low. Yes, yes. I would say yes, those sales are lumpy. They aren't one-time, like one-time and never again. They happen episodically. We want to call them out because we do want to have some -- so that you can see what the underlying business is doing. We will have sales of core exit influx or begin in the future, and we'll likely tell you when we do because they are -- they intend to come in big lumps in kind of different timing. The underlying growth rate of -- I think, is consistent with what we said to expect earlier in the year this year. So we said mid- to high-teens kind of growth rate, and I think that's what you should expect.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So on the Water and Paper, I guess I'll probably stick to what we think's working in our business. So I would say couple of things. One, we've got, we think, technological advantage with 3D TRASAR. We have now installed our 20,000th installation, or seen that installed. So we've had continued very good success there. We are working on derivative technology advances around this platform, which will be forthcoming and we think, continue the push that we have in this area. Second, I think there's a clear focus. The team had it. I think we are encouraging it around new business activity as we drive the capability. And finally, we've got better reach in terms of service capability. So it's a story that I would say is very similar to stories I could tell you in F&B or in Institutional or others, where I would say we also have outperformance versus our competitive peers. And typically it comes down to technology, focus on sales and focus on service capabilities, and I think we have advantage in all those areas.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well, the bulk of it's going to occur in year 1. So in year 1, there's going to be, if you will, underneath $97 million -- just under $100 million of restructuring. About $60 million is going to be cash, and the balance of it's going to be step-up in inventory, noncash.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I would say we rarely take our foot off the gas on going after new business and typically, particularly in, I'd say, the F&B world and Institutional world, which is, I think, the world you're talking about here. New business isn't coming from new builds, it's coming from existing customers, which means you've got to take it from competition. And that's the world that we've lived in for quite a while, and I'd say we have not taken our foot off the gas there, if anything we're pressing harder. I don't think it has anything to do with any change in leadership or not. It's simply how we grow the business. So I would say my expectation is we continue to do what we've been doing. We continue to gain from all major competitors. And we're going to plan to do that Q4, Q1, Q2, Q3, you get the rhythm.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's going to be flattish in the fourth quarter year-on-year because the movement was last year at about that time.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. First of all, the pure play on Apex Europe hasn't rolled yet, so we've got a test going over there, but we have not expanded it across Europe. So I would say that benefit is yet to come. We've got different formulation issues. We want to make sure we've got this thing right before we go. So that's in front of us, not behind us. My expectations are that Apex will be very well-received in that market because the story is very consistent with what customers have been asking us for in Europe forever, right? It's got environmental benefits. It's got cost benefits. There's all sorts of safety benefits, so we think that's spot on for the European market. In terms of rig count, we're in -- we would have to [ph] add more rigs overtime. But at the end of the day, we're in the production phase of this business. We continue to gain share, and are doing the right thing in terms of securing new business, but we expect our business to continue to grow.
Douglas M. Baker: No. I mean, the Kay business has always been a business driven by success with new customers. And it's a very steady business. Once you secure the customer, I would say it's less impacted by things like customer count than, say, its brother in Institutional, simply because you don't have the warewashing component of this. The real impact is we've had a lot of new business success in Kay, particularly on the Food retail side, but also on the Quick service side. And that's really what you're seeing come through in the Kay numbers. So it's good news.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, one, I would say we are not really integrating the sales teams per se, because we plan to continue to run the water business as a distinct business much like we ran our water business distinct from F&B and textile, et cetera. With that said, there are learnings. I would say 2 things. I think we have continued to improve on the legacy Ecolab business in Europe in terms of driving sales performance, in terms of getting price. We just talked about we got 2% price in, arguably, a pretty tough economic situation over there. We continue to also drive share. Volume is flat to up, and you know that the European situation is lower volume, not higher volume overall in almost every market you look at. So we're clearly commanding share and having good success in new business. I would say sales productivity in Europe is up 5% to 6%. Part is we leverage the new technology, do the right things on training. So I think there is sustainable performance benefits that you've seen driven as a result of renaissance and the other focus. So we expect those things to hold and frankly, accelerate, as we move forward. On the Nalco side, I don't have the length of history there. I guess my observation is, I don't think they had the same hole that Ecolab had to dig out of, but that business, frankly, like almost every one of our businesses, can continue to benefit from, right, better leverage of technology and better leverage of productivity tools, all of which we plan to do. And we have a lot of flopping going on right now on technology. 3D TRASAR being developed in Food & Beverage. We've got technology tools we developed in F&B that we are sharing in the water space for industrial applications. So I think those sides are going to benefit greatly from this merger. The businesses overall, if you look at the world and what's going on, we have very good benefit -- very good performance from the legacy Ecolab businesses, right, mid single-digit growth, mid-teens OI growth. You've got around double-digit growth from Nalco, plus around 20% OI growth. I mean, there is nothing to sneeze at. I think the teams have done a great job not letting this merger get in the way of driving business performance, and we see it all around the world. So I think kudos to our -- I really do think the teams have done a good job there. And there is more to come. I think there's more margin to be driven and more share to be driven, so both top and bottom can continue to improve.
Douglas M. Baker: No, it's more just a mix issue. We are -- both businesses are growing. Both businesses have good margin. You just have -- that lower-margin business is growing faster than the high-margin business, just mix dilution. It's -- we're not -- part of this is where you've got outsized investments going in the upstream part of the business as we continue to push both deepwater, unconventional, some other deployments that we have, that's where you've got outsized investments.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I think we've talked about $50 million -- part of that is $50 million of synergies. That's not going to be -- even by quarter, that certainly is going to ramp up. Q1 is going to be your lowest and Q4 will be your highest, much like you saw synergies ramp up from the Nalco merger. That's going to be the principal seasonality impact or quarter-by-quarter impact. And over time, we'll give more clarity as we start forecasting next year, what to expect there. But certainly, synergies, for sure, ramp up over the course of the year.
Douglas M. Baker: I mean, I think when we talked -- and this is, I think, very consistent with our conversation in the second quarter where we basically said, "Look, we think this business -- if you want to look at the 9% to the 6% that we had from first to second, big hunk of that was just energy." And we've said you shouldn't expect energy to grow at 30%. We said you should expect it to be in the mid-, high-teens for the balance of the year. And that explains 2 out of the 3 points. The other point was one-time stuff. So we said, really think about it as a 7, and I think that's exactly where we are.
Douglas M. Baker: That's earlier in the call. I mean, you can go read -- I basically said, sales, if you go back into your history, are going to be about the same in fourth as they were in the third, so.
Douglas M. Baker: We don't buy that per se. It's a feedstock into a number of raws that we buy. So we watch it because it's a bellwether for us as we go through, and it certainly impacts pricing. But...
Douglas M. Baker: Negative, year-on-year. But pricing more than offset them, which is why you saw gross profit increase year-on-year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say, look, I think you could say the market's been soft. We have continued to grow in spite of it. Now, this is focusing on the U.S. I think if you look at the food service and hospitality businesses globally, it is a growth business for us. We're growing in all regions. Europe's probably flat, but we can grow there, too. But in total, we're growing around the world, and we think we will accelerate that growth over time, particularly as we start leveraging the technology that we've developed. The question earlier on Apex in Europe where, in fact, [ph] will expand. We've got a lot of technology to roll out around the world that we believe is going to give us great benefit. So it's a business we continue to like. It certainly has gone through a shift in the U.S. for a period of time, where you had foot traffic down. We don't believe that continues forever as we move forward. So it's a business that we think has got good characteristics for us long term.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, I guess we wish that business had grown faster in the second quarter, no doubt, or the third quarter. We do not believe that there's any fundamental issue around our F&B business. You've got protein soft, and you've got some softness in brewery. We think this is more -- you go through these periods, as feed goes high and you got a bunch of other stuff happening in these industries. But at the end of the day, we continue to gain share. We continue to build the business. We've got a bunch of new technology that we will be developing and rolling out. So I guess ultimately, I would consider it a mediocre quarter in F&B, but we do not believe we've got any systemic issues in that business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think F&B business, both U.S. and globally, we expect to play in the 6% to 8% growth range as well. It may be more oriented towards the lower end of that organic growth range, but we expect it to be there.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, international's growing even faster if we add it on. That's the U.S., and I would say, yes. I think the leadership and plan that put in place has been working. And we've been driving, much more successfully, the top line, which is what we said the #1 objective was in Pest this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Textile Care is part of our long-term portfolio. I mean, Rosemarie, the only thing -- the only answer, and this has got nothing to do with either Textile or any other business you would ask about, is every business we're in today is long term until it's not. Vehicle Care was long term until it wasn't. I mean, it's the only way we can go and grow business. And I'm not asking you to read in between the lines there, nor anybody else, about any comment around Institutional or Textile or any other business. So we will -- I mean, if it's a portfolio question...
Douglas M. Baker: [indiscernible] over the year. Yes, we've shown over the years that I think we are active in terms of continuing in trying to refine our portfolio. I think we do it in an evolutionary manner. It's digestible, and we will continue to do that, which means we'll continue to buy businesses that we think make sense for us long term. And when we get in a situation like Vehicle Care, where we believe it might be better run by somebody else, we'll exit. I mean, that's the only answer. And of course, we'd never call out any business that's on one side or the other of that line.
Michael Monahan: Andy, we said $21 million in the second quarter, it's about the same in the third. So we think we're still on target for the $75 million achieved in 2012.
Michael Monahan: New chemistries and technologies, whereas refinery is probably a more staid [ph] industry than the upstream.
Michael Monahan: We don't break down savings from particular raw materials, P.J. We'll talk about them in total, but not specific.
Michael Monahan: [indiscernible] some of the new technology, the new programs that we've introduced for them, focus on operational improvements.
Michael Monahan: Okay, well, thanks, everyone, for your participation today. If you have any further questions, please give either Lisa or myself a call, and have a terrific day. Thank you very much. Good day.
