Steven Fritze: Thanks, Mike. In response to questions from investors, we are providing a detailed view of the 2012 P&L, the pacing of cost synergies through 2014, depreciation and amortization changes due to purchase accounting, capital additions, as well as return on invested capital information and perspective. Remember, this is way before we would normally give guidance for the following year. So of course, we have risk-adjusted the information accordingly.  First, the 2012 P&L Slide 11 as we see it. To explain the chart, we've started with the median consensus forecast of each entity for next year in the first 2 columns. Remember, these are the median. So for example, if you took the high and low analyst sales forecast for next year for each of the 2 businesses and added them together, you'd get a range of about $800 million. Hopefully, that puts into perspective our adjustment column, which is merely our adjustment to the median view of 2012 for the combined business base. This is our view before synergies and other deal-related P&L changes. You can see our view is for strong underlying business performance from both entities. Both businesses just increased 2011 guidance last week, yet the 2012 consensus for each is largely unchanged.  Then we have synergies. We have started with a pretty conservative assumption here. We know it. Integration planning will begin soon and we will be all over it for 2012. Finally, on this slide, there are other transaction impacts. First is the expected accounting impacts on tangible and intangible assets. For tangible assets, while there will be a write-off in value, there will also be a reset on remaining useful lives so as to reduce depreciation and net of $42 million. Then the impact of customer list, technology, et cetera, should increase amortization from Nalco's current amortization rate and it'll add $211 million to it. Thus, the net of $169 million between amortization and depreciation. These numbers are educated in the sense that we have used outside valuation resources to get a preliminary view. But of course, they are not final. Interest expense is our view of the financing cost based on expected structure and current interest rates with some cushion. Tax is simply the reduced taxes due to the additional expense. Finally, the increase in shares. So, that's the walkthrough of the 2012 P&L, getting to $3.  The next page provides some important information on depreciation and amortization expense and capital additions for cash flow modeling and our views on synergy pacing, tax rate and importantly, returns. I think they all speak for themselves, but I want to give some perspective on ROIC. We expect our ROIC, including the impacts of purchase accounting, to be at 10% next year, growing about 400 basis points over the following 3 years. So we expect a strong improvement, and this is very consistent with our history.  For perspective, in year 2000, Ecolab's ROIC was 18.3%. In 2002, the first year after we acquired the other half of the European joint venture, it dropped to 13.6%. And it then continued to grow and increased to 18.9% in 2007 before we did some healthcare and food and beverage acquisitions, which dropped it back to 16.3% in 2008. And by 2010, just a couple of years later, it was at 20.5%. So we have a strong history of focus on improving returns, which can be accomplished when you operate with a highly recurring strong cash flow business. And you can see the strong cash EPS of the combined businesses up about $0.60 or 20% from Ecolab alone next year. So you can see that strong cash flow. So that concludes my financial remarks, providing more transparency into what I view as a transaction that brings a lot of opportunity and is very attractive from a financial perspective. Now, I'll turn it over to Doug Baker.
Steven Fritze: Yes. So this is clearly in motion, but we intend to put in place quickly some facilities, probably a upsized $1.5 billion multiyear revolver. We'll probably also have a significant 364-day revolver. Structurally, we will have -- we will term out a bunch of the debt and we'll have it staged properly, because part of this is simply, this is a huge cash flow business. So we won't be putting out a bunch of very, very long-term data. It'll be a good mixture based on cash flow and other considerations, that we've said that the overall interest rate we expect is something around 3.5%.
Steven Fritze: I think the kind of like the overall average is more than 10 years. It's probably like 14 years. The customer list in and of themselves are 15-year life, which really kind of speaks to that recurring nature and the very low turnover of their customer set, which is part of the value of the business, very similar to ours and in that sense to have very strong, deep, long-term customer relationships.
Steven Fritze: Yes, absolutely. That's why we were trying to speak to cash EPS because next year should be like 20% accretive to Ecolab's cash EPS, which is really all that amortization costs.
Steven Fritze: The number on the previous slide, so the $0.08 a share coming from cost synergies and the rest is basically the amortization.
Douglas Baker: Yes. So Nate, when I was talking specifically about the comp and the raw material comp challenge in Q3, that was with Europe specifically. In total, I would say the margin story gets easier and better as we go forward, not more difficult with the exception in Europe. So we peaked globally in Q2, Europe peaks in Q3. Right, it's just what I would call a quarter delay there and you just have a very different story in Q4. In terms of organic sales growth, we expect continued acceleration in our organic sales growth. So we are a little north of 5% here. We expect to be North of that in Q3, and 6% rate in Q4.
Douglas Baker: Yes I think, Nate, I think what we said still applies here. We don't need dramatic growth there, but we're growing in the 2% to 3% range right now. That growth is certainly sufficient to drive the type of margin performance we've talked about. Obviously, more growth is going to drive even better results. And in our forecasts suggest that that's exactly what we're going to see is continued slow growth, but growth going forward.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Mike, Doug. We'll still see a stronger Q3. You're right, seasonally it's the peak quarter in Europe. We still expect that. We expect to have modest top line growth versus last year in the quarter, and it will be our strongest margin quarter. The margin comment we were talking about is really just your delta.
Douglas Baker: No, not completely. And it's really just -- it is the roughest comp period that we have, and it's a combination of margin and variable pay we had, frankly mostly in the base is a challenge last year. So it'll be our strongest quarter for the year. It almost always is on margins, because it's the strongest sales quarter. So the comments are year-on-year, not quarter-on-quarter.
Douglas Baker: Well, that would come later, Mike. Traditionally, we drive Circle the Customer opportunities in accounts that have been with us for a period of time. We haven't had the practice of releasing exact new account data, corporately. I would offer this. We, at the end of last year, talked that 2010 was one of our strongest all-time years in new account productivity, particularly in corporate accounts. And we are outpacing that right now handily.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Our pest business is clearly, from a top line standpoint, I'd say one of the few not bright spots in our quarter or year so far, and I guess that's the nature of having 14 businesses, they're not going to all be kicking. And our expectation of pest is that we're doing a lot of work within that business to what I would say enhance value, drive innovation and improve service quality performance. We're making great traction on service quality at this point in time. We're starting to drive innovation in some of the other call it new programs. And we expect this to be a sluggish year all year for pest as a result of the need to go drive these. But our goal is to start rekindling growth so that we'd leave the year with much more promising prospects for 2012.
Douglas Baker: Well, we've had a lot of success driving CTC over the years, and so it's been successfully deployed. I just happen to have gone through a pretty thorough review of pest yesterday. And so a comment here, we think we've got very promising prospects in several of our key industries and we're really going to do focused effort. And so right now, we have a fairly consistent share across these industries, which is really a function of probably we need increased focus where we've got the best shot at winning long term. And that's exactly what we're going to do on pest. What do we estimate on customers? In Institutional and many of our customers, we will be on average about 25% to 30% penetrated with pest. Well, there's upside there clearly. We have other segments, which I'd rather not go name here right now, where we are going to focus on what I call extra efforts to go drive penetration, which we think we can get to upwards of 50% plus in some of those segments because of the need, because of the fit and because we've got the right programs to go drive that type of penetration right now. That is going to evolve here in the next 6 to 9 months.
Douglas Baker: I think they're going to be in many of the segments, the segments we've talked about, a much more natural fit right now. What is front-mind of many of our customers right now is how we integrate and manage water use in their facilities. You can go look at Coke's commitments, Pepsi's commitments, all our brewer customers' commitments. Food & Beverage processing, protein, hotels are under huge issues on water usage and sustainability. This is like the top-of-mind. I've gotten letters from customers in all those industries, post this announcement, telling us how excited they are that we are going to be bringing these 2 things together because the fit is intuitive to those in those industries. Water, we are the #1 consumer of water in many of these industries as part of our cleaning processes. And so being able -- and when you clean basically what you're doing is treating water to create cleaning capabilities. That's what cleaning is. And what we also have to understand is the ramifications on F1 and on equipment and everything else and integrate these. We've learned a great deal about this in running the water business we have today, which is growing at a very fast rate. The problem is our scale. That business globally is $130 million. I mean, it's just a little pebble in a big landscape. And what we really need is the footprint to go leverage. And so huge issue for customers. It's going to be a growing issue. And this is isn't the secular conversation that water is going to be scarce in parts of the world. These are issues that our customers are facing day in day out now and need the technology now, and we've got a great chance of driving significant share gains for our Nalco once this merger is consummated.
Douglas Baker: No, it hasn't. What we've said is this. The only thing we're going to do from an integration standpoint are moves that we think will accelerate and enhance the commitments we've already made. So we do not believe this is going to slow down nor impact negatively on what we've committed to, which is 500 plus margin points by the end of year 3, or the end of '13.
Douglas Baker: The answer is by and large yes, in our industrial clients. It can be in healthcare. Healthcare has many, many points of purchase. Healthcare would probably, be the one exception, but hospitality and F&B and textile would be the same point.
Douglas Baker: Yes, it's been highly successful. We have our 40% growth in the quarter. It's been driven by a number of outside successes in F&B. Honestly, we are impaired from pulling the leveraging the F&B opportunities to the footprint. The F&B business in particular, is our most global business. In that business, you need a big, large footprint if you're going to go fully leverage the CTC capabilities, and that is really true in water. So one of our great advantages in F&B is our capabilities around the world to meet our customer needs and to drive consistency and the high standards. That's exactly what you're looking for in water. But we have the relationships in this business, and we have deeper penetration in this market, frankly, almost any other person in any other industry, and it's those relationships and that penetration opportunities that we can start leveraging on behalf of Nalco.
Douglas Baker: I guess, Dmitry, I'll answer 2 ways. One, over 3/4 of their business is on an SAP platform, right? So they're fairly well integrated and frankly are probably a little farther along integrating SAP than we are from that standpoint. So that's additive, not subtractive. However, what I was talking about really wasn't leveraging, if you will, IT systems. What it was is leveraging business processes in terms of how we buy goods, how we incent people, how we structure contracts with customers, right? In terms of pricing, but also in terms of incentives for growth and how you structure those and over what periods of time. Because what we don't like are things in our business which accentuate cyclicality or pro-cyclical by nature. We try to reduce those because it makes it harder to manage the business and predict the business. And so there's a lot of steps that we've taken over the years that are not yet deployed in the Nalco business. And their business model is very similar to ours. 90% of their sales are consumables. They sell annuities like we do. So their business and their patterns, if you will, the EKG of their P&L, when we went through 5-year history and 3-year forecast going forward as part of due diligence, look and feel just like ours do as we go forward. But we know we can do something to amp it. And the #1 thing is frankly just the, I would say, overzealous approach we take to making sure people know and understand their business down to little details. Our business is predictable if you know what's going on day-to-day in your accounts with your teams. What are the accounts, what are the metrics? And so we've learned this over many decades and we keep enhancing it. And I would say there's only 3 other guys in the world who run a model like this, it would be Nalco, Best and Diversey, and all 3 of those have gone through all kinds of management changes in recent years. And we're the one with continuity in this and frankly, having much longer Institutional history and knowledge base about how to run these models than anyone else. And we do believe that we'll bring advantage. Nalco believes that's going to bring advantage. And they've got a talented team, they just don't have the same history. So we believe that's where it comes, not SAP.
Douglas Baker: Yes, the GCS is improving substantially. I would say when we started looking underneath, we like what's going on. The quarter had a little bit of an outside loss of 1.2, slightly better than last year. But what was driving it was we had to deploy a lot of overtime because we really had a lot of demand in that business and we are now expanding the sales and service team to make sure that we reduce overtime. And we had a number of markets where that makes a lot of sense for us from the P&L. We expect the second half, I mean, dare I say, to be profitable in total? I don't know if that'll happen exactly in Q3. It will happen in total during the second half and we like what we see heading into next year.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say a lot of it. Europe is the dominant factor in our international sector or segment. And so clearly, Europe's margin performance drives that. But your point is right. AP and LA also had margin growth. And what we've said is mostly that it's been driven by volume, right? And it's really volume overcoming, because they got raw material pressure, too, right? We're just volume growth on top of a fixed infrastructure, which is also what's leveragable in the Nalco acquisition, it's really what drives margin expansion.
Douglas Baker: No. The margin discussion did not include FX benefits. So when you're talking about our margin, or when we're talking about margin grew internationally, it had no impact from FX.
Douglas Baker: That's just simply the roll through of pricing. So yes, the year-over-year raw abates and at the same time, the power of the increasing pricing amount comes through. It's both.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say, historically, there wasn't much difference. And of course, we all have different compensation programs in each of the country due to custom, laws, right, et cetera. If you were to compare here, I would say we are still much more on a traditional program, which I would call more variable. A, ultimately, we believe that is a better way to compensate because it enables people to really push, take care of their customers and grow the business, to make more money. And we like that reward system. And also, as I mentioned, provides a buffer against pro-cyclicality which, I think, when you get a fixed compensation structure, you end up with some of it. We know how to change compensation systems and manage people through it. We do it all the time and we don't do it quickly. We do it very thoughtfully. And we usually do it over a long period of time where we're running dual compensation systems, so that they could take the best of it and learn how to earn money on the new compensation system. But we don't have any shocks in the system.
Douglas Baker: Yes. So the number you're talking about, obviously, so I'd agree with the question just to be clear for everybody else, excludes M&A, right? In the North American number, not a global number. I mean, Europe had organic growth. Well we try to give color on it. I mean, we would say when we go look at this, that business right now is growing, mid to upper single digits on an organic basis if you start waiting the 2 quarters, and that's the expectation in the year. To your point, when we initially got into this business, we thought that organic growth was going to be closer to double-digit than it actually is. Certainly, there's a number of factors which I probably don't need to take you through that have occurred since we got into this business and we sit here. One is huge changes in healthcare, right? In terms of federal reform and other things, which has dislocated some growth temporarily. But we see it coming back and we are growing organically much faster this year than we were last year and expect to continue to accelerate. And there's economic pressures, right? Unemployment rates and all the like, which means you've got fewer people on the systems, at least temporarily. We like this business a lot. We are making very good headway in this business. The acquisitions we've been making are beating fairly aggressively with projections and are delivering even outsized returns. So we like those businesses and we think what we're putting together in healthcare is, in fact, a very strong long-term growth driver, both top line and bottom line. And I think healthcare in total, for the quarter, was up at around -- not organically in total. 27%, I think. Yes, it was nearly 30%.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say what Brazil had -- we made a bunch of growth investments in Brazil and strengthened management and added to our corporate account team, everything else. Our Brazil business has been accelerating and really driven because they have taken a number of pieces of a very important business there, which is exactly what we wanted to do. That, I think, in the the quarter, Brazil is up 18%. We are still investing in that business. What we want to make sure we do is have the leadership position in Brazil. We think strategically it's very important. It's a big breadbasket. And we have got a number of big customers who are headquartered there, and we want to make sure we have the right position there. China had 25% growth. That's Greater China. In the quarter China is further down the track, has got greater scale at this point in time than Brazil. It is not only growing at a very fast rate but also delivering attractive profit.
Douglas Baker: Yes, so you're exactly right. We talked about $0.10 at first. It went to $0.20. Our projection now is $0.22, $0.23. So good thing is we're not increasing by $0.10 anymore. The bad thing is it did increase a little bit. But we think in terms of what our expectation is, we do not forecast, although others do. We do not forecast if pricing is going to abate. What we're talking about is our base. It's easier. Because last year, the raw runup that we started in the second half of last year. And so as a result, we're starting to go against easier comps if you look at raw material versus raw material pricing. But we are not forecasting the raw material prices to come down. If they do, it will be a benefit.
Douglas Baker: No, it's building, so some of this is the unhappiness surrounding. We were shy of 1 point in the first quarter, a little north of 1 point in the second. We're going to be thirdly tracking throgh 1.5 in the third and probably expect 2% in the fourth.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say it's -- I think we predicted to be down 1%. I think for the quarter it was down 2%. So in spite of that, I would say there has been clear acceleration in Institutional. Institutional North America grew at 4% in the quarter, up from 3% in the first quarter. So they continue to gain very solid top line traction in what I would call a not great market situation. And they're doing it the old fashioned way. We sell at more restaurants now, right? And that's the way that they're growing the business, which means we continue to grow share. And when you do see the market, right, firmly bottom and start bouncing back, that's only going to be beneficial.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Apex in Europe hasn't been fully launched. It's planned for test markets in the second half of this year and more likely going to have real impact next year.
Douglas Baker: Yes, for a couple reason I think the answer is yes for a couple of reasons. One, they may have made real outsized investments on their P&L over the last 3 years, right? When the current team led by Eric took over, they were way underspent in R&D, upped it by nearly 100%. They added significantly to sales force during that period of time. And I think -- felt they were in catch-up mode, making these types of maneuvers. I think they're in a much more, fully balanced investment standpoint now than they were say a couple of years ago. What the combination is going to do clearly is lower G&A overheads and costs, lower cost of products, so you're going to get cheaper product and open up further innovation opportunities for both sets of businesses. And we know those have -- will enhance the profitability of the business and frankly allow uncontinued investment without the type of margin compression that you've been seeing, I think, principally on the Nalco side. I would say what we have seen in our business over the last 7, 10 years is we have steadily increased our investment in our business while also increasing the OI margin or the output of the business. And that is just getting into the right rhythm. And I think they made a big step upping the investment they just did in R&D and sales team so that they're in a more natural point at this point in time. But there are clear synergies that are going to drive more cost from these businesses.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say broadly our view of Nalco is, we very much appreciate what they do, their portfolio of businesses and products.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Dave, Doug. I would say, what fewer units and fewer restaurants and traffic is down in that industry. And so we know that we are clearly outpacing our market growth in that business. And we do prosaic things like count the number of restaurants that we sell and all the rest of it, and how many products we sell these restaurants, we're making progress on those fronts. As how we're growing the business.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think margins in the back half, GCS is going to be a contributor in the back half and pest is going to be modestly better. So the sector will be improving in the back half versus the first half.
Douglas Baker: I guess, Rosemarie, I guess, what I believe I said was on -- I think what I said was corporate accounts. I think Nalco has recently made very smart investments in corporate accounts. But it's a more recent part of Nalco's, if you will, organization construct. We have had a corporate accounts organization for decades. And so, we have just a longer history, we equip our corporate account organizations with finance teams to make sure that they have the right information to go out and drive mix profitability, right? Do the right thing to win contracts, et cetera. So what I was talking about is in that specific area and we're talking about combined team of 300. So just for perspective. In that area, I think both of us see that some of the methodology that we have learned over the years would be advantageous. And I was just trying to say there's also plenty that we will learn and leverage from Nalco, too. So this is not talking about the field sales and service team. I mean their field sales and service team in the water area is the best in the world. So we do not have a field sales and service teams equipped with the breadth that they do across all the geographies to compete with them. So that is a huge asset that we would be gaining. In terms of other opportunities, I said I think they are -- we estimate that they are better industrial supply chain guys. That they've got a better industrial supply chain model that's going to bring us real benefits, and the reason for that is that what they do 100% of the time. What we do is we've got big institutional plants with industrial sections, if you will, as a buildout as part of these facilities. And so you just haven't built it the same way from a process standpoint. So I imagine, some of our industrial volume will be moving to them i.e. F&B, Textile, because they're excellent at bulk and tank type of deliveries, which is really what that business is all about. But we see that we will probably pick up synergies that we haven't calculated yet in that area. That's what I would say.
Douglas Baker: Yes. So first, Textile, there's been a move, I think, over a long period of time to outsource. So those are running on what we call OPLs, On-Premise Laundries. Many continue to do it. We'll do it for long time. But there've been those who have been faced with capital equipment, decision points i.e. their old equipment's shot, maybe to buy new stuff. They will decide instead to outsource. That's what our Textile Care business does. It takes care of the large commercial laundries and Institutional, we have On-Premise laundry capabilities. So we basically -- whatever the trade is, we end up having a fairly significant share on both sides of that business.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would just say I mean in short, look if you don't have a business rolling, you either got a product problem, a message problem or a delivery problem. And we run a lot of these businesses. I would say pest has not been shrinking, it's just not growing like it needs to do. So we recognize we're going to have to enhance our product and how we talk about it. And if we don't, we can't expect different results. And that's exactly what we're working on doing.
Douglas Baker: Yes. And just to build on that. What we communicated is the $150 million is our commitment right now. We have a clear vision of the $150 million. We believe it is probably on the conservative side, but until we have firm numbers to back up a better number or a different number, which we would expect to be larger, not smaller, $150 million is the number that we want to commit to.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say we've always had ambitious goals and we typically either met them or come darn close to meeting them. And Mark, when you look at -- we like our markets that we're in today. We think they're attractive long-term growth market. And I think we've proven over time that we can grow in these businesses. I would say when we looked at Nalco's markets, and really dug in, we would say, on average, they are faster growth markets than our market. And so we believe the addition to this is accretive to growth, not dilutive to growth. Plus, we unlock the potential of those markets uniquely to the combination i.e. the Circle the Customer that we talked about i.e. the leverage relationships that we have. And also if you will, kind of clearing this stuff in the way of the Nalco team today, too much debt, right? Or I'll say probably higher G&A costs and we wish we did which we layer on the business, and we get product supply synergies so we're going to get lower cost to goods. All of these things could drive growth, not just bottom line, but top line because they put you in a position to be more competitive. So it's for all those reasons.
Douglas Baker: Well, boil it down, I guess there is conversation about -- I think that Nalco's model, the inconsistency people start laying on to that business is overblown. Not that it hasn't been inconsistent to some degree. I even think when you look at what Eric and that team have done, he ran that business in '08 and '09 and '10, which are challenging years. Have significantly upped investments during that period of time to continue to be. So as a result, and I would say leverage, right? Exacerbates those results because it forces it all on a much smaller part of your enterprise value. And so when we look at that and get into the detail, we would say their markets are likely or somewhat more cyclical, but the raw materials aren't. The percentage of raw in total enterprise are about the same as our 24% versus 21%. And the basket arrives, operates or acts differently than ours, but sometimes it goes up at a lower rate, sometimes it goes up at a higher rate. But it is not more volatile. In their fundamental business is the same model as ours. And so the predictability, once you can see transparency inside and outside, we think is going to improve significantly which will modulate greatly the consistency. So we believe -- I'd just think there's a legitimate question there. I just think it is overblown based on what we understand, but really, proof is going to be in the delivery. And we are quite confident that we can run that business collectively together in a way that shows much better consistency than people expect.
Douglas Baker: Yes, institutional in Europe increased modestly. I think it was up 1 point. But I would say it's operation conditions in Europe, particularly in Institutional aren't ideal. But that's also a business that I would say we have significantly strengthened the management team. They've been in place less than a year. We're starting to get after and drive results. I would say it's much more market and just building momentum. By and large, our field sales and service teams there or not involved in any significant way around the Renaissance program. But we work very hard to make sure that we protect our sales and service folks from noise.
Douglas Baker: Yes, P.J., we added 200 sales folks in Q2. So we are adding. I would say, I agree with your assessment that the overall economic recovery has been choppy. I would say our overall organic sales growth has been fairly steady. And so we are continuing to make sure that we are making the investments we need to fuel that. What was the impact from Nalco? We really see the combined business, Nalco pre-announced their second quarter. I think their formal calls next week in your pre-announcement today, the fact about second quarter growth of 16%. I think it was 11%, 12%, excluding FX. And this also exclusive I think dispersement from last year, but their business is growing quite rapidly. Our business is also accelerating. We don't expect or see that we're going to have what I would call any huge excess capacity in sales and services. And if we had any, we would not, by any means, plan to reduce it. We would rather just grow into it because of the time and effort it takes to hire and train sales and service people, which is why we've can clearly say we see no synergies in that area. And our combined revenue right now, when you add it double-digit, right? And give you the base of $1 billion a year. You're going to be sucking up any kind of sales and service excess capacity in a very short period of time.
Michael Monahan: Yes. Not much more to say, Nate. We did them, we did them successfully so we're pleased to have that behind us. And as we said, we're on to the many other projects we've got underway. So we're starting to see some real traction there. So, good news.
Michael Monahan: John, I'd like to clarify. There's clearly a typo on Slide 12, which I was going to handle at the end of the meeting. It says $150 million after-tax. It's really $150 million pretax which is consistent with all of our communications so far. There's a typo on this slide.
Michael Monahan: No. Obviously, this is all early so I clearly didn't say anything like that. However, what we have said is we'll be all over integration planning and work and we'll see and continue to update.
Michael Monahan: It there's no further questions, we thank everyone for their participation today. The slides will be up on our website and if you have any other further questions, please give us a call. Otherwise, have a terrific rest of the day. Thank you very much.
