Douglas Baker: I would say the answer to that I think is a little of both. Certainly those markets have been performing better than U.S. and Europe. At the same time, as we started talking last year, we have invested in additional corporate account selling capacity in each of those regions in both F&B and institutional, and I would also say that we are picking up share there too.
Douglas Baker: I don’t think Europe is going to have the same macro trends lifting it that you’re going to see in northeast Asia or Latin America obviously, but we expect Europe sales growth to be meaningful. We think we can get it back to mid single digits and we’ll start arguing what’s up from there. But we think that’s realistic. At the level, with the work that we’ve done, we believe we will have a very healthy business in Europe.
Douglas Baker: Our view on price is pretty much as it was in the last call which is we expect to be more in the normalized or historic range of about 1% going forward. We think that’s the type of environment we’re in. I’d also point out that pricing isn’t either the principal or sole way that we drive gross profit. A lot of it is by introducing new technology which has both enhanced benefits for customers as well as margin benefits for us, and that has been our traditional tool for driving margin, particularly environments like the one we’re in.
Douglas Baker: I would say first of all, we are done with the waves in terms of SAP or ERP roll out in Europe at this point in time and have the system in place as was originally foreseen when we started this initiative. We are still stabilizing the last wave, but it went quite well. So the great news is, here on forward, all the steps we’re taking are improving the business from here. So focus areas, I would say the first is, there is incremental costs that you layer on simply to roll this out, and we are going to work to take those out first. You have incremental shipping costs. You have incremental temporary head count costs as you go through this and you lose productivity temporarily in the back office and other parts of the business. So that’s priority one. The next priority is getting after supply chain efficiency. One, we’ve got transparency on purchases across the continent, making sure we’re buying at the best possible price, and then it is adjusting inventories, working out our warehouse, distribution etc. and making sure that we capitalize on all of those gains. Obviously we’ve always talked that we want to continually drive more of our investment in Europe toward sales and towards acquiring new accounts so we’re looking at then shifting and balancing our SG&A so that we’ve got increased sales capability and spend less on G&A over the long haul. That will be the next wave. During all of this, we continue to invest in top line productivity. We have much more clarity as to what’s going in our business now that we have this system up. Forever, we had very limited sales data, very limited customer profitability data, very limited data as to what products were penetrated where in terms of customers. So we’ve got a lot more data to go run this business successfully, like we run the business in other regions. So we’re excited about the potential, and now it’s about unleashing it.
Douglas Baker: Year on year it’s about $20 million, but remember last year is a very high point so a lot of the comparison to a very high base. I guess we expect to have some raw material inflation in our business, but there’s a bit of a natural hedge that will ultimately come out. We have a modest recovery in our forecast and if the recovery is more bullish, it’s going to push raw material prices up probably more aggressively than we have forecast, but that would be a trade we’d be very willing to take.
Douglas Baker: Our plan is still to add significantly to the sales headcount and the plan for the year is in the 300 range of additional heads which is going to be in the 3% to 4%, range.
Douglas Baker: It’s principally just seasonality. First quarter and particularity for our international operation, we run international operations a quarter ahead, so their first quarter is December through February, and December/January are seasonally low months. We like our margin progression.
Douglas Baker: I would say of course that depends, but broadly, if we are talking to global players, the answer is yes, we do supply the same level of service. We certainly have the same level of capability internationally. There are some sub segments that we serve in certain markets that require different levels of service, but by and large, if you’re going to look at the food and beverage or institutional, hotels, etc. we supply the same level of service.
Douglas Baker: I would say two things. We always want more growth too. I guess my view on it is, a couple. One, the first quarter is going to be the hardest comp we have for this year. The business last year sequentially went down. If you look at foot traffic, it still remains negative in food service in the first quarter. So I would say the improvement you saw really wasn’t market driven, but was performance driven. We no longer have a declining or sinking market. We have a stable market by and large, and you’re starting to see the impact of the new customers that we picked up. As the recovery unfolds, food service tends to be a laggard, but we also expect to pick up business as the market picks up, which includes better penetration, more robust consumption across the line, inventory and all the other things that happen as things recover. But that’s later.
Douglas Baker: I don’t know about broadly. I would say we feel very good about our specific pipeline and I don’t know if it’s the exception or not, but feel like we’re going to have a successful year in M&A which means by default, we are going to buy businesses where we think the price is out of line, so we think we will successfully come to conclusion, meaning, meet eye to eye on price.
Douglas Baker: That’s a trick question. In dairy and the food markets, those markets are fairly steady growth markets and you look at the long term macro trends, we like those markets a lot. We’re doing a lot of work in that space around water and energy specifically because we believe it’s a great way to further leverage our position which is quite significant in that industry, and help our customers who will also by the way, grow our sales there quite handily. So we view that market as very promising in terms of its long-term potential for the company. In terms of the portfolio I would say we are overall quite happy with our portfolio and until something’s announced, I think that’s the standard. But if you look at it, by and large, we think it matches up quite well with the long-term track.
Douglas Baker: I think it will be multi-year, but I think the later is probably how we’re going after it. We’ve been on a pretty extensive review of how we want to go after this market and have what I would call a very good blueprint right now and we’re flushing it out, but it’s something that’s going to take a period of time to fully realize because it’s a big ambitious and I think pretty significant plan.
Douglas Baker: The quick line would be lodging which is about 10% of our sales is doing better than we projected at the last call. Clearly room demand is higher, and this is really a global story. So lodging has bounced back faster. I would say food service by and large we had right which had kind of a stabilization toward the end of the year. We would expect to see traffic in others move to the positive and that’s consistent frankly with most of the third party projections as well.
Douglas Baker: I don’t know that I have a specific answer there. There one thing I would say is, I don’t know if there’s any great past history that will indicate how we will come out of this particular recession. What I would say is, restaurants typically lag in terms of coming out of economic challenges. I would say the lodging bounce back, obviously surprised us in its intensity. I think it also surprised some of the lodging players. So business travel has really been what’s been driving the lodging recovery. It has bounced back and obviously business travel, but the larger percent of the lodging market than it does the overall food service market. So consumer’s going to have to keep getting strong and remain strong for the food service market to fully recover.
Douglas Baker: We’ve got a couple of new initiatives which are going to be showcased in terms of most innovative new idea over there. We will unveil those at the show. But there’s going to be a lot of show casing the technology that we have that we think is particularly relevant in these environments. So while we do expect modest recovery and improvement in our customers’ underlying business, they’re still going to be very focused on do they both get great food safety results and do it cost effectively, and we think we’ve got very good stories along those lines, and that’s the stuff we’re going to be highlighting.
Douglas Baker: You’re right. H1N1 was not part of the story last year in Q1. H1N1 impact this year was the trade reduced high inventories by not purchasing virtually any of these products for a period of time in the first quarter because the inventories had become inflated in the fall during the H1N1 peak. So that’s the adjustment impact we’re talking about. It’s not going against a base. It is really distributor inventory take down during the first quarter. That’s largely behind us. It’s very easy to pinpoint that. The health care business was in the mid single digits when you take out that impact. We expect it to perform around mid single digits next month without H1N1 in terms of reported number and will be back to high single digits possibly double digits in the second half, even though it will be going against tough comp in the second half, because that’s when H1N1 inventory build and consumption was at its peak. The business, all the fundamentals, the new customer work, the innovation, all that is on track, so we’re just going through a little adjustment period and we feel very good about the future of our health care business this year.
Douglas Baker: They were down 5%, up in the later part of the quarter. Down 5% for the quarter, but that wasn’t a real material story.
Douglas Baker: The answer is yes, lodging customers will also cut back on certain services when times get very tight, and we’re watching. The industry went through an incredibly difficult period last year. So we’d anticipate that the underlying market demand will start increasing for these services and in fact, I mean if you look at our underlying metrics which are reported, we see building demand in our service businesses, as we would expect. So we feel better about pest’s growth prospects through the year. Bed bug programs will be one part of the story, but so will other traditional programs. We rolled out a new program designed after pests in restaurants which has got significant sustainability and health benefits. So there’s a number of things we’ve got going in pest beside the market lift that makes us feel like we’ve turned the corner and moving the right way there.
Douglas Baker: I would say it’s much more the later. It does not reflect any change in use of cash philosophy, but obviously we made a big purchase in the fourth quarter of ’08 and took a few quarters off as a result of that which was planned. Our principal or primary use of cash is going to be for M&A and when M&A is not there, we said then we will go to share buyback. As I alluded to earlier, we are pretty confident that the M&A opportunities are going to be here in the near term.
Douglas Baker: The history lesson would be if you’ve got minerals and gas, things are going to be rosy. The Canadian economy is fundamentally healthier than either the U.S. or the European economy. They didn’t have the banking crisis. They didn’t have the  housing crisis. They kind of skipped it. I would also say they are fairly rich in minerals so it’s not a bad economy.
Douglas Baker: The only real answer is I was surprised by a lot of things that happened the last 18 months. I guess at the end of the day, it’s lasted longer than it has previously, but I would also say we see the type of underlying metrics that we expect to see and we expect the business to be coming back. Clearly last year was unique on a number of levels.
Douglas Baker: I don’t know that it’s quite at the level that you might have seen in more industrial companies by any means but certainly as demand picks up, just the way our ERP systems work, it drives a pickup in inventory levels. This isn’t any new phenomena. We didn’t spend much time talking last year about significant erosion in terms of inventory levels, but it’s a natural occurrence in a decline and an increasing economy.
Douglas Baker: The answer would be it is different. F&B largely is going directly to the end use consumer, i.e. food production facilities. However at institutional, a large percentage of sales go through distribution which means that there’s an inventory plus/minus equation as well as in health care and some parts of our textile businesses  and some parts of our vehicle care etc. So it exists, and I would say as the economy picks up, one of the things you see is underlying consumption picks up which starts triggering increased inventory levels in distribution.
Douglas Baker: It was a piece of both on a year over year basis, but I would say I don’t think we fully felt the market impact yet. A lot of the recovery we’re seeing I think were our own efforts last year.
Douglas Baker: I would say we certainly did about in areas where we had improvement, we capitalized on some of that. We expect that to continue to show up in the business. Obviously the biggest margin play that we have is in Europe and we have just gone through a period of sizeable investments which are largely in the base now in Europe, and we’re going to start capitalizing moving that. That’s a third of our business, so obviously every 100 basis point, a third of that accrues to the total margin improvement. So we see steady improvement in our margins over the next few years primarily fueled by the improvement in Europe. There’s still margin opportunities in the other regions. AP&LA is principally volume on an existing infrastructure base and in the U.S. it is continuing to refine our business model.
Douglas Baker: I think we said that we believe we can get Europe up to the 13% to 14% and we would be disappointed if progress wasn’t at least 100 basis points a year.
Douglas Baker: I hope we see 5% top line before the time it takes us to recover margins fully. That would be the short answer. The 5% is not going  to come magically in a quarter. It takes us awhile in any region to rebuild the sales growth, but my hope and belief is that we’ll see 5% well before the time it’s going to take to get 13T to 14% in margin.
Douglas Baker: I would say, I think clearly we incorporated the most recent data we had in terms of market performance, so that comment is what we’ve seen to date.
Douglas Baker: If you look at the number of shares, the basic numbers of shares declined. The increase in the diluted shares was due to the stock price causing more shares to be in the money, and for the full year, with 3.3 million shares bought in the first quarter we would expect that the number of shares would decline following quarters.
Douglas Baker: It’s not a dramatic impact. With the stock price rise, there’s not too many shares left under water.
Douglas Baker: What we, as you know, have moved our solid concept to a new platform level and have been and are only partially launched on this concept. So [Apaks], which is really taking the old solid and making this in an extruded form, which also allows us to reduce significantly plastic and you can do a number from the same formula, is now launched in wear washing. We’re starting to extend it in line products where we have been using this technology as a platform in QSR. This is only so far been really launched in the United States so we will be expanding this globally throughout institutional. If you go to the F&D space, there are a number of technologies that we have that we’re rolling out that follow the trend line that dry loops which are technologies t hat significantly reduce water and enhance performance. We are working at recovery vehicles in terms of finding ways to make the products we use even more efficacious without adding more chemical to the process and reducing water. I don’t want to get into too much detail because it’s a public forum for F&B. So we’re very excited about the number of platforms we have there that we think are going to boost sales long term as we move forward. We’ve talked the water area. We have a number of applications there that are going to fit our large businesses. We have some very innovative sustainable ideas. We feel very good about our platforms and our innovation technology. We did not stop investing in our R&D anchor technology platform at all during the crisis. In fact, that was one of the areas that was in the bright line of protect no matter what, that investment, because we knew we were going to be sitting here on the other side needing to stimulate and drive growth the old fashioned way, which is start getting after organic sales. So we feel pretty well equipped.
Douglas Baker: Probably to be more clear about what we’re talking about, a lot of what we did was we transferred resources to give us more selling resources in that business. So we’ve been doing a lot of work. I guess you could argue we’ve been taking it out of the business, but we felt taking some of the heads that we have saved in that business and applying them towards regional sales efforts made sense and it’s looking like in fact, it does make a lot of sense for us. The GCS business is moving in the right direction. We continue to lower the breakeven point. We would estimate that around $140 million at this point. I think the last time we articulated a number it was around $155 million, so we continue to make good progress there. Sales have absolutely stabilized in the business so we’re looking to start driving this in a positive direction which is what needs to happen to close the remaining, now increasingly small gap that we have in terms of a Y there. So we like the promise of this business. I think there’s been a lot of work that’s gone on. This business is in a lot better shape than it’s been for years.
Douglas Baker: I’ll try it again. Basically what happened is distributors serving this market built their H1N1 related product inventories. There was high demand, and then the demand went down after the H1N1 scare went away. But the way ERP systems work is, they work behind and keep building inventory for past demand not immediate demand, so the end of the year was very high inventories compared to immediate demand. Once this is recognized by the system, they basically go on a full stop. So they stop ordering the products until the inventory adjusts to the current consumption pattern. That’s the adjustment we went through in Q1 of 2010. It had nothing to do with 2009 Q1.
Douglas Baker: They will continue to buy these products, and they continue to move. There is just an adjustment in inventory. So consumption was higher than sales as the inventories adjusted. If you take out the inventory adjustment, sales would have been mid single digits for the quarter. Not a great quarter. We would have been beating our chests, but no means a disaster and we feel very comfortable that the business underlying growth metrics are on the right trajectory.
Douglas Baker: No. There’s nothing fundamental. It’s a 13-week period. As I signaled earlier, we would expect this business to have a reported growth rate in the mid single digits in the second quarter. The inventory situation will be behind us fully by then and it will be upper single to possibly digit in the second half, so we’re spending our time doing what we do and figuring out how do we drive innovation and new customer acquisition in this business.
Douglas Baker: We absolutely are taking on increased costs, as the system is fully online and amortize the investment fully, and we’ve always talked that you’re going to be at a period where you are fully paying for two systems. What we expect is, fourth quarter will be the first quarter you start seeing year over year margin improvement and we would expect that to be the trend moving forward. For the year, the margin is going to be roughly flat, maybe modestly up from last year.
