Christophe Beck: Love that question, Tim. Thank you. Well, two parts of your question obviously here. So let me give you a little bit a picture of the broader company and then specifically to Europe, which had a lot of good stuff to offer as well at the same time. So as the world is slowing or has been slowing over the past few quarters, especially outside the US, especially in Europe, as you mentioned as well. Well, I'm really glad that we shifted to offense as we shared with you a few quarters back because it's really working. As you've seen so in the fourth quarter our volume growth went up one percentage point in Q4. And to your question, if you exclude Europe, our volume growth would be 3% up so quite a bit. So now our job is absolutely to maintain that choosing speed in 2024. As we rebuild margins obviously, the right way, which means in Ecolab speak in a way that benefits customers by reducing the total operating cost. But to your point on Europe, specifically. Yes, it's been a drag on growth in overall company plus 1% excluding Euro plus 3%. Europe has had an exceptional year in 2023. We reached almost 14% operating income margin, which was our objective when we started the whole transformation in Europe. So good evolution in a very difficult market, where we prioritized really making sure we get the right margins, the right businesses, the right customers investing in the right places. So slight volume decline, very good pricing and really focused on the right businesses with the right productivity. So good year in Europe, difficult from a volume perspective but good for the overall company in Q4 and especially so the 3% ex Europe is a very good news for us.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ashish. Good question as well. So in that environment as described before, so with Tim, I really expect that to stay on our long-term average Ecolab growth trajectory. With what I would say is a 2% plus pricing as I've shared with you as well and positive volume growth as we've had in the fourth quarter as well. But bottom line our long-term growth target remain unchanged. Even in difficult environments it's going to be a little bit lower than that range for 2024 where we prioritize obviously getting the right value pricing, while keeping driving growth as we did in Q4 and that will help us deliver a very good year in 2024.
Christophe Beck: Yes, a few elements to unpack here. So, the 5% in Q4 was all new pricing realized in 2023, there was no carryover anymore from the previous years. In the fourth quarter, which was a remarkable accomplishment. So, the 5% in an environment with delivered product costs. So, tends to ease, Obviously, the fact that we can still get incremental pricing from our customers because we deliver even more value to them in terms of total operating cost reduction, for me it's a very good sign. And as I've shared with you I don't know exactly where pricing is going to end up on a longer term basis. We used to be one plus pre-inflationary cycle if I may say. And what I've shared with you is to say I'm fairly confident that we will be north of 2% as I called it so the two-plus for the future. We'll see where we end up. I feel good about the two-plus. That's going to be true for 2024, while we keep volume growing as well at the same time. So, let's see where we will end up.
Christophe Beck: So we haven't said higher. What we said is that we reached a peak mid of last year so 2023 and it kept easing. So, in the third quarter, in the fourth quarter, and will be the case as well in the first quarter of 2024. What we're saying is that it's going to keep easing in the second quarter until the second half where we expect it now to be rather stable versus last year. We know and you know how hard it is to predict, obviously, sort of delivered product cost or inflation, as we've seen this morning as well so was the inflationary print. It was hard to predict when it went up, obviously, how much and how quickly, it's hard to predict how much and how fast it's going to go down. So for now with what we see, with what we know keeping in mind that we buy 10,000 products in our portfolio. So it's very diverse, which is a good thing in a way as well. Some will go up, some will go down. But generally, so it's easing for the first half stable in the second half, and we will see what truly happens. But it's important to keep in mind what Scott just said before, we keep our eyes laser-focused on really driving this 12% to 15% earnings per share growth with everything we can control and really to get as close to the 15% as we can and DPC comes on top of it, which means the bump in the first half and in the second half so to be closer to the upper end of that range. How do we do that? Well, it's the old fashioned way that we've been practicing for a long time now with new business, with value pricing with productivity, and with innovation. That's the way we think about it, and that we hope you will see that way too.
Christophe Beck: So hi, Jeff, good to hear you. So, two questions, obviously, here for the price of one. So the volume in Institutional is clearly up. It's not a year-on-year comparison question, especially when the market is down, as well at the same time so really showing that this business Institutional is in a great shape, with great momentum driving volume, driving share, getting price, driving margin really like where Institutional is heading. So the short answer is, yes, volume in Institutional keep accelerating. The second part of your question on pricing, there are the exceptional times like in the past few years and there are the more normal times. I would say like now, which basically the discussions with customers for the most part, they're not all created equal obviously are happening in the fourth and the first quarter of the year, so fourth quarter and as we speak now. So it's usually something that's evolving progressively during the year with no big bumps. It's something, which is pretty organic keeping in mind that the pricing is always based on the value we create for customers, which is why we were able to deliver $3 billion in the last few years and kept it and keep building it. It's because ultimately for customers it's a good deal. The net-net in the ,operations while it's positive including our pricing as well at the same time. So from a timing perspective Jeff happening in Q4, Q1 and it's being delivered in the quarters during the year.
Christophe Beck: Yeah, hi, Manav. So it's a little bit like with our kids, they're not always doing great at the same time that's a bit the same with our businesses. It doesn't mean that we love them less. But if we look at all our businesses and markets out there over 90% of them had double-digit operating income growth, so a pretty remarkable bias towards good performance for all our businesses. And so I like the overall portfolio that we have. We're also approaching investments and resources as a company. That's been true for many years in four different buckets. The one that we want to fuel those are the ones with the highest growth potential, the ones with the highest margin potential as well, you have the one that we want to protect. Those are the ones that are doing well, no big change. You have the ones that we need to transform. And those are the ones that, obviously, have potential but are not exactly there yet. And then you have the ones that you need to fix. Healthcare being one of the perfect example of that. Paper would either be on the transform side, because it's north of 16% margin that we have in that business not great volume growth right now but very good margin and we'll end up in a good place as well as we keep transforming that business. So that's the way we think about it. We're not investing so everyone the same way. It's really by category along the four that I just mentioned as well. So overall I like the portfolio we have, but we always, kind of, critical for every business, every market to make sure that we have the best owner's mindset and making sure that we do what's right for shareholders.
Christophe Beck: But what's important to keep in mind here is really where we focus our attention. It's really driving the business in order to get on the upper end of this 12% to 15% earnings growth. And what's happening on the DPC front, we see that all incremental benefit which is exactly what we've shared for Q1 in pretty detailed terms as well. We'll get some more in Q2. And we expect flat from DPC tailwind perspective in the second half. But let's see what truly happens. Your best guess will be my guess too.
Christophe Beck: Good question, but a difficult one to answer for me, obviously, Pavel as you know. But the way, I always answer that question is, basically what you've seen in the past from Ecolab is what you're going to see in the future. We have an extremely strong balance sheet, now our leverage levels are closer to our longer-term average of these two times, as well. So we're in a very good position to go after opportunities that we believe are strategically relevant for us. And obviously, that we can buy at the right price, as we've done very successfully so in the past. So yes, the market becomes even more interesting right now which is good. We have a rich pipeline as we've always had and we will keep focusing on our three key priorities, but as I've always shared first is water, second is Life Science, third, is digital and AI technology mostly focused on North America and in Europe.
Christophe Beck: Hey, John, thank you for your comment on the Just list. We're never going after awards obviously, but we're always honored and humbled when we get those awards, that's basically describing that the way we run our business the right way as much as we can obviously. So the question on Healthcare. I've committed quite a while ago so to fix that business with the team. I like the progress that we're making. We went through a few phases, as I shared very openly with you and we'll keep doing so in the future. So we worked on the cost structure early on then we worked on the bifurcation of the two surgical and infection prevention businesses by leveraging as well the critical mass of institutional, we early on that journey because that happened obviously in the fall of last year. Healthcare is growing overall, which is something I like because that's early signs of success. Our margins are increasing quite significantly from a low level as we know but that's the second good sign as well of progress and the teams working really well with the institutional team. So I think that we found the right model for now. Again, the work is not finished. We've committed to get to double-digit type of margin in that business. And we will get there a few more phases. I expect it as well to happen and I will keep you posted on our plans and our progress as transparently as I can.
Christophe Beck: We're in a fairly good place actually in Asia, especially China. For us we separate our Asia Pacific, and where we have a few markets in China, which is one of the mega markets. As you maybe remember, North America, Western Europe and Greater China to be our three mega markets, where we focus 80% of our retention, where 80% of the opportunity lies as well. And I like quite a bit how we're working in China, not an easy environment as we all know, but growth has been good in China, especially in Institutional. We have a great team, a great business and we have very good margins as well in China. That was not the case 10 years ago but that's clearly the case today. So we have a very good business, a great team, very well positioned with what customers in China wants, when we think food safety, infection prevention and water that's exactly what they're looking for as well. So pleased with the evolution of China, and that's true with the rest of Asia Pacific as well but every country is a bit in a different place but in aggregate a pretty good story.
Christophe Beck: So, bottom-line, Shlomo, with all the elements that Scott just mentioned, I feel even better with what I said and shared with you at the Investor Day in 2023 of saying we will get to this 20% OI margin so within the next few years and it's not going to take us five years to get there. So, our confidence level has just risen with the delivery of the last three quarters.
Christophe Beck: Yes, those are two platform innovations as we call them Ecolab Science Certified. So, it's keeping -- progressing very nicely with a few big customers as well jumping on that journey, McDonald's being the latest big one obviously out there. So, we like how Ecolab Science Certified is not only providing benefits to our customers by protecting their guests by providing a safe and clean and welcoming environment, but also safe foods at the right cost with the total operating cost manage as well as we can. So, Ecolab Science Certified is an overall promise by our customers, which encompasses all our services as well. So, it's a penetration play which is good for us, driving good results for our customers. Ecolab Water for Climate is a bit the same in a very different set up, obviously, because it's helping our customers get to their ambition of the net zero. Some customers are much further down the road and some are very early on that journey. So, to give you some highlights without going too much in detail since we don't share our customers' details publicly. We have a dozen of flagship customers, as we call them, who have committed to getting to net zero. One has been very public that's Microsoft, and progressing very well on that journey as well. It's really helping them get to net zero, but in a way that makes financial sense for them and for us by driving a lot of innovation and services in their own operations, in order to deliver their objective. So, two growth platforms, driving penetration, improving impact from our customers, which helps us ultimately drive growth and value pricing.
Christophe Beck: There's no doubt that it's proving right. It's been true for a very long time by the way. I'd like just to indicate what we've built with pest elimination, for instance, which is 90% circle the globe type of business, which is ultimately all our businesses from Institutional, Healthcare and Industrial bringing our team from pest elimination in order to offer the world-class service to all those different segments, while we've managed to build $1 billion business with great margins, and highest returns by doing so. So that's something that we have proven for a very long time in our company. It's also keeping in mind that half of the $152 billion market we have out there well is an opportunity of penetration. Ultimately, customers we already have that should be or could be buying everything from what Ecolab does. And the two main drivers for it is what I just shared before with Ecolab Science Certified and Ecolab Water for Climate that ultimately drives bigger gains for our customers by driving the overall end-to-end proposition that we have in the company. And last point, I'll make is that, we have further focused as well our execution work towards out top 35 customers in the company to make absolutely sure that we were not only providing them with all the resources of the company, but that we could capture as well as much of the opportunity that those customers can offer to us, which is a number that counts in the billions.
Christophe Beck: So a few different questions here, Patrick, so all related to the same topic obviously. So, new business generation is our number one focus in the company where sales organization says that heart our mantra in the company for the 47,000 people is we're all in sales just to describe how we think about it as well. So it's really a teamwork. And new business generation, our pipelines are at record levels right now really like how much we have gained. Obviously we now we need to install all that in the next few months, next few quarters. That's always true and it's different by businesses. It goes faster in Institutional, which is why you see as well a very good growth in Institutional. They have a great new business generation. They can install pretty quickly as well, good for the customers, good for us and leading to great results because margins are so good, obviously, in that business. So to your question on how much is cross-selling versus totally new. The best way to think about it in our company is generally two-third is cross-selling, which is really selling to customers that other businesses already have and one-third is brand new and that's an average number. It's not obviously always the same across businesses and geographies, but that's a good way to think about it and to keep in mind that we are primarily focused on cross-selling, which is the best way and easiest way to sell and the cheapest way driving the highest margins.
Christophe Beck: Okay. So a few questions in there. So Mike you're right, the specialty, which is QSR as a quick serve restaurants and food retail had a great year in 2023. It's been true for pretty long time by the way. So great businesses based in the same place in North Carolina as you probably know as well the -- the key reasons why those businesses are going so well. On one hand, especially QSR is an industry that's doing well at all times especially in more difficult times because people have a tendency to trade down. And when they move from full service restaurants to quick serve, obviously, we can capture them in a good way at high margin as well at the same time. That's a little bit the beauty of our portfolio since we serve all the various segments. So serving an industry that is very successful. It's the first element. The second one is it's an industry that by definition is very standardized as we know across the country or across the world. When you think about our promise, well, it's probably the industry where it resonates the most, because what we're helping our customers achieve is to understand what's the best-performing unit in their enterprise and to help them get all the units from the enterprise at the level of performance of the best-performing one in terms of cost, in terms of quality of delivery, and in terms of environmental impact as well. So the combination of a very strong business that's been built over decades, with an industry that is especially successful right now 2023 was a great year for that industry, and a value proposition that resonates exactly with them, because their objective is to reach the best-in-class performance across the universe as well. Well, those are three key reasons why this business is doing well. And I believe in the future of that business as well going forward.
Christophe Beck: Yeah. Thank you, Scott. So let me have the other Scott answer part of that question and I'll make a few comments.
Christophe Beck: Well said, Scott. In general, we want to get transformation done the old-fashioned organic way. It's only in exceptional opportunities that we go the restructuring way. When it helps us move quicker, which means making the business more competitive to gain share and improve our margins in order to return more to shareholders. And to Scott's point you look at what we've done in Europe has been an unbelievable journey. The fact that that business has been doing so well in 2023, reaching the highest level of margin, as well in some of the toughest of times, as well is speaking very well on how we're doing that. Think about Institutional, we had to adjust to a new reality business is in the best place it's ever been. And then Healthcare, early on that journey much smaller business obviously, but we will get to the right place as well over time. And the restructuring investment, helped us in all three cases to move much faster and to get returns quicker as well into the P&L. So when I look back, I like what's been done and especially been done as well. So, in budget, and in time, as we had promised as well. So overall, good stuff for the company our customers and our shareholders.
Christophe Beck: Well a few points in your question here. So when I think about our procurement team, we have an unbelievable team around the world. We have a new Chief Procurement Officer, who joined us a year ago from a world-class organization that been very respected in the procurement world. And yes, he has brought new capabilities, new tools, new approaches, new ways as well of managing relationships with suppliers. So yes, quite a bit of a transformation. And I think we're really reaching world-class levels that new leadership and that new team that we have on procurement. So I really like what I see on the procurement side. So if there's one team that can leverage as much as we can in terms of capturing the benefits of the easing of DPC inflation. Well that's the right team. So when we talk about what you've heard from Scott a little bit early on, our cost DPC costs are still 35% up versus what they used to be pre inflation. Well, I see it as a huge opportunity obviously for our company and for our shareholders because most of it will recoup at some point. The timing is not in our hands. Our team is trying to get it as quickly as we can. So we will get it. And at the same time I want to make absolutely sure that we get our value pricing done the right way. As you know, our margins are not at the high watermark, the 44% where it used to be we will get back to these 44% because yes, DPC is going to get back close to where it used to be. When? I don't know. It might take a few years to get there. But on the price side with our customers, we want to do it exactly the right way. That's a net benefit for our customers as well. They get more pricing. But when you think about the value we create for them when it far outweighs the pricing that they're paying for us, which is one of the key reasons why our margins are improving so nicely and why are we keeping our customers and building even new relationship as we move forward. So overall, a good story for our customers, our company and our shareholders.
Scott Kirkland: Hey, Josh this is Scott. I'll cover this one. Thanks for the question. Yes, as Christophe said in his opening, we're expecting this a bigger benefit of DPC in the first half and bigger in the first quarter. But if you look at sort of separating out DPC, would expect throughout the year that underlying EPS delivery to be at the high end of our long-term targeted range. So, it's really this expected benefit in the first quarter, a little bit in the second quarter as well, but really looking at DPC in the second half being pretty stable.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah, happy to David. Thank you. Yeah, as Christophe referenced earlier, our DPC is still up and again just to clarify 35% versus our pre-inflationary period. And as you referenced we -- it peaked in the middle of last year, right? And then we started to see some modest benefit in Q3 some additional single-digit benefit in Q4 and are expecting then that benefit really to peak in Q1 up high single digits. So as we said, and then some modest benefit likely in Q2, as then we see costs stabilizing for the second half. And with the 10,000 raw materials very difficult to sort of isolate individual buckets. Obviously, you have some raw materials like caustic, where we've seen some easing, but you've also seen other products raw materials like propylene or resins, where we've seen those costs going up as well. And so with the big basket of materials hard to isolate any one of those.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, thanks Shlomo. Great question. Yes, as we've talked about -- and we talked about at Investor Day, really very focused on getting to that 20% OI margin and I think we have a very clear path over the next few years. And it's largely by getting back to those 2019, sort of, pre-pandemic gross margins right, which are still down relative to 2019. If you look at overall OI margin, so we finished the year at 14%, so about six points from that 20% OI margin. And by recovering those 2019 gross margins, which is really split pretty evenly between the value-based pricing, what we do for our customers, driving that value-based pricing, and then the other half of that being volume and mix sort of combined there, okay? As we showed during 2023, our OI margins were up 140 basis points. And we're expecting about another 200 basis points in 2024. So, we think that's great evidence for what we can do and that path to get to that 20% OI margin. And then additionally in there aside from the gross margin, we'll expect to continue to deliver some SG&A leverage at least equal to what we've done historically.
Scott Kirkland: Yeah, thank Scott. No, we are exactly where we expected to be. If we think about the combined program, which is really what we have left. We had some older restructuring programs which are complete the institutional advancement 2020, or complete through the end of the year. The combined program, we delivered through the end of 2023, 75% of those expected savings cumulatively through the end of the year, and expect to realize the lion's share of that through 2024. And as you know, when we initially launched this at the end of 2022. It was initially focused on Europe and early in 2023. We expanded it to Institutional and Healthcare. And if you think about the performance of those businesses Christophe talked about Europe, talked about the great margins there the great growth, and you've seen the great OI in Institutional specialty up over 40% in the quarter and as well as the Healthcare continuing to get better. And so we're on track with those and those program -- that program is having a significant impact.
