Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Thanks Mike. In short, I'm happy with our business performance. I'm not happy at all that we had to lower our guidance, but the story isn't very complicated. The business results are strong. Volume growth, pricing, innovation, new business cost savings are all meeting our ambitious targets. Organic sales were plus 7% for the third quarter. We expect equal or better in Industrial, Institutional and other in Q4 compared to their Q3 results. The exception will be Energy, which is mostly a comparison issue. It's going against a 12% Q4 last year which we had said at the time was onetime driven. Pricing also accelerated again in Q3 across the board and will again in Q4, so we will leave the year at a 3% clip. Everything else operationally is in line also, including cost savings. The unexpected was principally raw material costs, which continued to defy gravity indices and certainly our projections. In total raws were $0.11 more than we had last forecast and FX piled on for another $0.04. Nearly three-quarters of this hits Q4. So time is the enemy here. Short-term moves like slashing investments or halting our U.S. SAP rollout would be foolish; we are not doing it. Instead, we continue to focus on pricing, cost savings and volume growth, but these don't spike to match raws, so it takes more than a quarter which brings me to my next point. We are winning. We're winning in the marketplace. We're winning against inflation. Clearly we're outpacing market growth across Industrial, Institutional, Energy and other segments. And even with the dramatic raw materials and transportation inflation, our pricing, volume, cost-saving efforts are leading to improving results with OI accelerating over the last three quarters and expected to continue in Q4 even at our new forecast. Also, adjusted EPS for the year remains double-digit. Perhaps most importantly, we enter 2019 with significant volume, pricing and cost savings momentum. All of this puts us in a good position to continue building our earnings momentum in 2019 and throughout the year, even in an environment where we have continued high raw material inflation, which is how we are planning for it. So with that I'm going to turn it back to Mike.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I guess, Gary, I mean not to get detailed meaning, certainly if raws stopped increasing and stayed at the elevated Q4 levels, you would start seeing gross profit improvement very early in the year, year-on-year. Our forecast is more conservative than that at this point in time, which is not consistent with the indices or the published indices. We're looking and making sure that we perform in an even more difficult environment. And there, you might delay it until Q2, Q3 where you'll start seeing margin, even without the $200 million, because most of that's going to be SG&A, not in cost of goods. So, that probably is the best way to answer the question. Obviously, we're not going to go forecast the year right now. Environment's fairly dynamic, but we're working hard to take hard looks at what the sensitivities are around raw materials, et cetera, and put ourselves in a position to deliver no matter what.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, it's always a combination of a couple of things. Certainly, I think our own efforts have a lot to do with it, but we're also in a fairly good economy. And to not note that I think would be misleading. So, our new business productivity, our innovation, I would say, our capabilities around leveraging the combination of Water with F&B and increasingly with Institutional has only enhanced. And we're having great success there as well. I think those things are going to be quite resilient in all economies because what we're ultimately demonstrating is that you can get best-in-class results and save money because of our capabilities around reducing water and the corresponding energy related to it. So it ends up to be a very economic story too, which will still resonate if the economy slows. So, yeah, I would expect that the vast majority we will have strong results moving forward, barring any – I don't expect an 2008, 2009. I reserve the right to change everything if that's what we see. I think our expectation next year is the economy will be fairly good, albeit a little bit slower than this year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, our forecast, as I mentioned earlier for all of the businesses, except Energy, is that they will be equal or maybe even a little stronger in Q4 than they were in Q3. That includes Institutional. The Institutional business we had forecast at the beginning of the year would be accelerating to about 5% and that would be its exit growth rate for the year. And we're there and we expect to stay there in Q4. The competitive environment for Institutional, we're going through another wave where we have a very aggressive price competitor, Diversey, and they've been quite aggressive in several accounts. Some, we have frankly allowed the move or stopped competing, because the price got to such a point that it doesn't make any sense to do the business. We don't like to buy work, if you will. And so, we've gone through this a number of times before. In some cases, the business finds its way back to us within a not terribly long period of time. I don't know if that's going to happen here or not. But with all that said, if you look at our net wins and losses against Diversey for the year, in total, as a company, we remain considerably up. So it's not like we're not continuing to win there, but they've had a couple of big wins because they're doing at a prices that don't make a lot of sense to us and we don't believe they have any cost advantage. With all that said, our Institutional business is improving and has improved. Certainly we'll have to walk through this, but we'll fight it the old-fashioned way, more new business innovation. I would say, as we've been working through Institutional, we also believe we have real cost savings opportunities, nothing to do with people, but a lot to do with product line and some other opportunities that we're going to go capitalize and take advantage. So we would expect Institutional to be a good performer again next year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I mean, all of them are performing well. And we had improvement in heavy business which we've been talking about, because heavy team really starting a year ago was really strong and accelerating new business. It always takes a little while for this to show up in the results, but you're seeing it now. Mining, which is not a big business for us, has also turned around. And the light business continues to perform well also. And as I mentioned before, I think there's – we've talked about this. I think the Water business underneath the covers has been doing quite well for a while. We're just out of a lot of the kind of exiting business and the other stuff that we were doing. We weren't trying to be optically perfect, but we're doing things that we thought would enhance the business and the Water team has been executing very, very well.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, well, John, as we've talked the last couple of calls frankly, Healthcare had really a rough start this year. And while you're right in the analysis, second lowest growth, I would also say it's considerably better than it was in the first two quarters, which is what we had said we expected to happen i.e. acceleration in the second half. So we're seeing the beginnings of that. To the point of your question around, I'd say incentives in the healthcare industry, there still not as straightforward as I think all of us would either design if we were designing it, it's simpler I suppose if you don't have any of the details to deal with. But right now the economics still don't line up as straightforwardly as we would like. What we've adjusted and moved to is also not only talking HAIC reduction, where we're doing quite a good job, but also being much more transparent about how these economics show up even in the world where you are still reimbursing for extra hospital fees and everything else, which is still what's happening. And I think the team is getting clear about how they talk to our prospective customers in light of a game where it's not quite as clear as we would like it to be. Additionally there's still a lot of, a lot of room to grow in Healthcare. And we are using our Anios acquisition in France to expand more aggressively around the world in many cases using the Anios brand for several reasons, but it's been quite successful. We'll continue to do that. We're also putting stakes in the ground for Ecolab, if you will, branded business in key markets as well. So I remain bullish on the Healthcare business. It grows in kind of lumpily, but they're getting some underlying organic traction which we expect to continue.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well, these are – so some of this is just rule-driven from an accounting standpoint. And when businesses are different than the other businesses, you need to put them in another segment. It's SEC other. And so what happens is past given the nature, there's really not a product component like there is on our other businesses, it finds its way into other. Colloidal is a different business for us as well. It has virtually zero SG&A. I think it's got a total of like 25 people on the whole business. And as a consequence, it's viewed as a other business as well and that's why those two are in that segment, it's just simple as that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I mean, I would say there certainly is of course a ceiling. I mean we have competition out there. And we don't expect that we can go get – we can probably get 10% pricing for a year or two, but we would be on everybody's blacklist and ultimately they would choose to leave us. So we've always said that we take a longer term view on executing pricing. Our customers don't like big lumpy price increases. We don't either, but we can't – we are not immune from them, we can help them manage through it. If you look at history, if you go back, so raws this year were up in the 9% range. If you go back obviously to the severe 2008, 2009 period, they were up 11% in 2008. We got 3% pricing as a combined unit in both 2008 and in 2009. Right now we're going to be as I said exiting the year. So that was a full year pricing story. This year it's going to be just around 2% or a little north of 2% with a 3% exit rate. So we think there's still upside in pricing from what we delivered in 2018. And so, we are going to continue to push. We have to, given this environment. So we don't think we're at the end. We are already seeing exit rates. We're at 4% in the Industrial businesses, around 2% to 3% in Institutional. Energy is around the 3% rate and that's got to move up as we go throughout the year. So we're continuing to push, have upside from here, but it's not infinite.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I would say we continue to see wage inflation, but it's not inconsistent with what we've experienced in the past. Traditionally, the way we view this is we use a lot of our, what I'd call, normal productivity work to offset wage costs and healthcare costs and the like. And we've continued to do that. And so, we use pricing to really go after spiky costs like raw materials, transportation, et cetera, and make sure that those can serve to offset there. The incremental $200 million that we announced last call is really sort of on top of our normal efforts. It's not in place of our normal efforts.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I mean, the simple answer is there's always pushback whenever you seek price in virtually every situation. And so, it always begets the discussion. And we need to demonstrate why it's important to price and why we are still a valued supplier delivering economic benefit even with the new price. So that's always an ongoing discussion. It takes real time from our sales team to go do this and execute, and also you get better with practice. And we're in an environment where there's a number of people who are being impacted by price. So we're not the only guys in the waiting room, if you will. In terms of what we we're seeing regionally, I would say, our Europe business continues to perform decently, a little over 3% sales growth is what we're seeing there. We expect that to be more or less the trend going forward. So, certainly slower than balance of the world, but better than, if you will, sort of our darker days in Europe. China, we continue to see strong results, basically double digits, almost across the board. Latin America is relatively strong coming off, I would say, a little easier base, but having good results in Latin America. The balance of Asia is doing pretty well as well. So, we don't see a lot of softness in the business at this point in time. We're not usually a harbinger of this, so we don't take a lot of solace. We're watching and looking, but I would also say just underlying trends don't indicate a big downturn in the economy, certainly not one that would match the volatility in the markets.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I mean for the year, we've got propylene, ethylene and caustic are our stars if you will. And recently, it's caustic continually and basically plastic for pails, et cetera, HDPE.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well, we have done a lot of work since then. We aren't final, if you will, because we're also looking at ways to tweak the organization to reduce some layers, increase speed of decision making which is really the fundamental goal. It will probably also have the benefit of reducing costs and doing other things as well. So we're still doing some of that work. In the end, sitting here today, we're quite confident in our ability to deliver. We talked about a third, a third, a third over the three years. The first year was not going to be a challenge. If you're going to take a number, you take the over and not the under, but we're still finalizing that. When we announced and give a range for our 2019, we'll be very explicit on what we expect from the $200 million at that time.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Last year when we announced the fourth quarter Energy sales in Q4 were 12% last year, it was after like negative 2% and a 4% and a 5% in the prior three quarters. And we have said that wasn't the run rate, it included fairly significant like roughly maybe just a little under half of one-time sales of equipment and other things. I don't have the exact verbiage. A lot of those was even in the Middle East. But it wasn't a run rate and we're annualizing against that. If you take that out and look it would be like high single-digits in Q4, which is not inconsistent with what you saw in Q3.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. The $0.75 includes FX as well. So that was really raw materials and FX versus our original plan. If you look at year-on-year impacts, it's going to be – I'll get you the exact numbers in a minute. So we're going to basically recoup if you will. So DPC versus plan and FX versus plan are around the $0.75 and pricing is just going to be under $0.30 or so over plan. So we've upped pricing this year versus what we expected to deliver in response to higher than forecast raw materials and ultimately FX. But we weren't able to recoup all of it because it moved very late on the year on us. Ultimately, we think we will recoup all of it. So we are already if you will our pricing dollar for dollar is over the incremental raw material bill, including in the fourth quarter. But now we've got to recoup margin, which we always say is typically year two work.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, it's different in the U.S. than outside the U.S. because the accounting rules are different. So in the U.S. it comes through fairly quickly. And outside the U.S., you've got inventory...
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, well I mean look you've touched on a few right. So Iran is going to turned off, Permian will get turned back on ultimately. They're probably the two big shifts. And you have got the slow leak in some other markets because they haven't the capital or the ability to maintain production values. I think by and large it bodes well for us. We don't have significant Iranian share given that we had to walk out. And Permian is an area that we've done well in. So as we see this shift, it will bode well for us.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. I'd even put the Diversey activity is not inconsistent with history. So we've always gone and they've always been quite price aggressive in our minds not always in the most intelligent fashion as we look at P&Ls of customers. But it's always easier because you have more information than the person competing for the business, because you're doing it. You know what the costs are, you know what the consumption is and the others are guessing. So that's not even new. I mean we've been dealing with this on and off for 30 years. And I would imagine, we'll continue to do so. Or I mean the only really – there's only really upside in terms of pricing behavior from most of our competition. I'd say Baker Hughes has come under kind of the GE Energy umbrella, appears to be I would say more priced, seems like they're pricing more intelligently based on costs and other things. I don't know if that's going to last or not, can't predict. And I'd also say Suez, we haven't seen dramatic change from Suez.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Hurricane was probably 60 basis points. So, you'd probably end up above 6%, but probably not rounding to 7%.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: We expect Textile to accelerate from here. That's a business forecast sound reasoning behind it. Some was just going through some customer transitions and others, but we would expect that business to accelerate. But it's going to be a mid-single-digits growth business. It's not going to be a business in the 6% to 8% organically, but it's a good business. Yes, it's part of our portfolio and we'll continue to invest in it to grow and to win.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, we are somewhat fortunate in the tariff world, if anybody is and that we've historically had a supply chain strategy which is make where we sell. It was originally born because of mitigating FX. We didn't want foreign exchange to become a strategic issue, right, it's a translation issue. But if you only made in the U.S. and the dollar got strong, you're suddenly not as competitive from a price standpoint, hence our strategy to go make in markets or in the currencies we sell in. As a consequence, we don't have big exposure. In China, for instance, like 92% of what we sell in China is made in China. So, we don't have significant imports into the market that are going to be affected by tariffs. The bigger impact for us will be British exit and that one it depends. So, we're assuming that it's a hard exit and that we have to fall with the WTO rates and that's the way that we are managing and looking at it. Anything better than that we'll mitigate, but I think even there, we don't plan to have this as a big talking point in our quarterly calls.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, big piece of the ramp was price. That's a business that has a lot of price-plus contracts. You're starting to see price tick up; where we don't have those contracts, our team has been aggressive recouping raw material increases that have occurred over the last couple of years. The other half of the sales is volume, so that's a tick up as well. And that's really been driven by new business and new innovation that's been introduced there that's helped drive successful new volume at both existing and new customers. So, the team's on the price equation; they know they've got to go back and rebuild margin, so that we can continue to invest in new technologies. It benefits everybody in the industry and that's exactly what they're doing right now.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I don't know if it will on average. You have – the U.S. has got an outsized food service market given its population and compared to, if you will, other markets like dollars spent per head. With that said, I think Institutional is undersized and has low share versus our potential in our non-U.S. markets. So, it has certainly significant upside from where it is today, but it likely won't be the same percentage of the total enterprise as it is in the U.S. on the balance of the world.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I mean the blip would have almost certainly been just propylene. They have fairly sizable exposure to propylene. And so, as it moves up and down, you'll see the 10 basis point, 20 basis point kind of blips in their margin. I mean the real Energy story needs to be continued pricing, recouping raw material input cost inflation. It didn't occur just this year, but also in prior years. The team is on it; they're doing it. They're doing a much better job driving enhanced mix, et cetera, and driving new innovation and customers. All these things will help drive and rebuild margins, which we still believe will be in the middle teens.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. Well, the acquisition you referenced is off to a great start. So, it's above on virtually every one of our targets. In case the team's listening, this is the year one and we often do this year one, and we plan to own it for 40 years. So we got to continue the performance. But it's been off to a good start. And in terms of consolidation, I would say generally, the period of consolidation can be unsettling, but typically consolidation in industries benefits us. We prefer consolidating customer sets and fragmented competitive sets. It's almost one of the preconditions for us to thrive. And so long-term we would view that as a positive.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I would expect Rosemarie that we will have a couple more deals done before year-end. And I'd say the environment generally I would agree these seems to be getting a little better. We're going to remain committed to doing smart deals. And this means it's going to be a bit seasonal. Not like spring, winter, fall. There may be – there are some years where we're going to be more successful than others, because we really don't want to force it by paying too much. And we think we're in a position where we can do this. So that's the way we view it. With that said, yeah, I would expect that we'll have a few near term. And if we look at sort of what we're looking at, who we're talking to, I would say, the list is getting better and stronger.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I mean, look I think the only size limit or parameter we have is doing too little of a deal can be a real waste of time and money because it almost takes the same amount of effort, if you will, to buy a $5 million company as a $50 million or a $500 million. So we try not to do really tiny deals. Other than that we don't really have a size, preference-to-preference really is around, does it makes sense strategically, can we get a return on it, are we their rightful owner. I mean those are kind of the big things that we look at. In financial terms, it's a return. We're investing shareholder money. We've got to be able to look at shareholders and say, you're going to be really happy with this return. It's the best way we can invest the money.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. We've not blinked there at all. In fact, we're investing more this year than last year. I think we're starting to get at a point where it's not going to call for dramatically more money in the near term. We've got to really do a great job with the money we're already investing. But we've had – look we're out in the marketplace with some very large customers. We're learning, developing. As I've said repeatedly, I think the digital world is great for us. We are advantaged. We have 3 million customer sites, all of which, or virtually all of which are collecting data today, a fraction of which are connected to the cloud, but technically that's not that complicated that cost to do it. It's dropping. We have unique knowhow, unique streams of information and are the only people able to act upon what we've learned through the digital world. So once we find out there are problems in units, we can actually get in there and help our customers fix them. I think that whole combination is a great advantage for us long-term and we're working very hard to make sure we don't squander this advantage.
