Christophe Beck: Thanks for the question. Tim, very pleased with the Institutional and Specialty segment. They're performing exceptionally well. As you've seen, as you know, so they're lapping against the 13% top line growth in Q2 of 2023. So the 7% for this year is really strong, especially in a market where food traffic is down 4%. So quite a remarkable performance. The margin that we had in Q2 were very clean for that segment. And as you know, it's a little bit seasonal, so by quarter, but generally, margins are going to remain north of 20%. And as we've said, for the full year, we should reach the 22% targeted OI margin for 2024 as segment keeps improving as well from there. So good top line, huge interest from customers, very clean. And from a margin perspective, so very strong, and it's going to keep improving as well in the next few quarters and years. So, very pleased with what IMS is doing. Innovation is also adding a lot as well as to the firepower of that business. As you know, our customers are trying to find solution to manage labor shortages, wage growth as well that they have. They need more automation, they need more systems, they need more digital technology. This is exactly what we're providing our customers. So, all-in-all, as I've shared with you many times before the pandemic, for me, institutional was kind of a steady good business for the future of Ecolab. Now, a few years later, I'm extremely bullish about that business because we're uniquely positioned to gain a lot of share at very high margin.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Ronnie. It's all going to support, obviously, our commitment to reach the 20% OI margin as quickly as we can. But most importantly, One Ecolab is a growth initiative. It's really helping fuel towards the 5% to 7%, which is the other commitment that we've made as well, which leads to this 12% to 15% earnings per share growth. When you think about it for One Ecolab, our company has anchored its strategy on circle the customer, circle the globe for a very long time. The opportunity is huge, $55 billion and close to $3 billion for our top 35 customers. Well, up to now, we had to rely very successfully so, by the way, on our teams to work together in order to provide whole value of Ecolab to our customers everywhere around the world by working together by reaching out by working as one team. One Ecolab is today hardwiring all that, that ultimately we can help our customers take a restaurant chain, for instance, understand what's my best-in-class performance that I should be aiming at, because we know what the best restaurant performance is out there. In terms of guest satisfaction, in terms of cost, in terms of environmental impact, and we can help them understand what's potential for the company, for the set of restaurants, and we will share that upside between us as value price and obviously, for the customer a net-net positive for the customer. Well, that helps us grow. That helps us improve our margin, that helps our customers improve their performance. So it's a win-win that drives as well retention or loyalty. So at the end of the day, it's growth focused and at the same time, the technology that we're using will help us reorganize the way we work, serving those customers as One Ecolab, that's going to improve as well as the productivity. We've had 20 to 30 basis points in the past of SG&A productivity growth, that's going to improve as we go forward as we implement One Ecolab, but at the same time, as Scott was mentioning before, today, we also reusing some of that margin upside in order to reinvest in growth investment. All-in-all, that will help us get to the 20% and go beyond by driving 5% to 7% top line growth.
Christophe Beck: Yes, I feel really good about the second half here, when you think about it, so 35% earnings growth in Q2, 14% to 20% expected in Q3, 12% to 18% for Q4 with the midpoint of 15%, as Scott said. So with no DPC help as well at that point, including as well the impact of the surgical sale and FX as well, while demonstrates the strong business momentum and margin upwards momentum that we have as well here. So very consistent, very steady, feel really good about where we're going here.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Thank you, Chris. It's mostly market share gain, as it's been as well. So the past few quarters as mentioned, so the food traffic in restaurants in the US is down 4%. So that's really showing how much we're gaining share. The main driver in institutional and specialty of our performance is that we are helping our customers with labor automation. They don't find labor and labor is expensive at the same time and with a high turnover. Other than that, so it's pretty easy for our customers. So, it's pretty hard, obviously. All solutions that we provide them, being chemical solutions are helping doing three-in-one or our new machine program like the AI Dish Machine that we introduced at the National Restaurant Association Show a few months ago or our digital technologies as well are all helping our restaurant and hotel customers to serve more guests in a better way while using less labor. Well, this is exactly what they need. This is exactly what we're providing them. And it's exactly what competition can't really provide. So, you put it all together, that drives growth at a higher margin because everybody wins.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, John. Generally, I like the progression that industrial is having. So, if you take a little bit the broader picture, the last figures, industrial has done unbelievable work in terms of margin improvement. We've reached a record level as well. And the shift to offense a year ago that we started is starting to bear fruits as well in terms of top line momentum, which is exactly where we wanted to be, getting top line moving while keep improving as well the margins, and that's exactly what's happening. So, we've moved overall segments from 1% growth in the first quarter to 2% in the second quarter. Within that as well, our largest business, which is water is at 4%, which, by the way, has been impacted as well by mining. So, underlying water would be even stronger in the downstream is really strong in water as well. Global high-tech is doing extremely well as well at the same time. So, industrial shifting very nicely. When I think about F&B and paper, they're going to keep improving in the quarters to come. So, bottom-line, you will see industrial shift even further up with very strong margin of 16% today, which is 200 basis points better than where we were in 2019. So, I think that we've really managed that very, very well and the best is yet to come.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Jeff. As mentioned just before, so industrial is at 16% right now, it's 200 basis points better than what it was 2019 and ultimately, we want to have industrial move towards the 20% as well, getting to 18% will be already a good step in that direction. And if we get industrial to 18% and all the other businesses get to the target, we will get north of 20% as a whole company. So feel really good about both getting beyond the 20% as a whole company and 18% for industrial, which is an unbelievable margin when you compare to competition. Now your first question on volumes, so from 2% to 1%, well, you comment was the answer. It's the lap between Q2 institutional this year versus last year, which was 13%. That's bringing the 2% to 1%. So it's a year-on-year comparison. Other than that, all businesses, all segments as you've seen, have been improving as well in the meantime. So year-on-year optical comparison, and all businesses are improving very nicely, which is why I feel good about the business momentum.
Christophe Beck: So David, thank you. It's going to be progressive. There is no revolution that's to be expected here. A lot of ground work has been done over the past few quarters as well as we now also get into execution mode. All the investments are planned in our numbers as we will share. So no surprise to be expected. So from that initiative, it's really an initiative that's helping us get towards this 5% to 7% as quickly we can. And I feel really good because we know that the €55 billion cross-sell opportunity that we have out there. And again, as mentioned before, out of the top 35 customers, we have $3 billion is available there. Well, this easier top line that we can get at a higher margin because obviously, we're serving those customers already. So the cost to serve is much lower. So when you bring it all together, it's very it's very organic, natural. There's no revolution. It's what customers have been asking for years as well. What our teams are expecting as well that when they go and serve a customer while they get the full picture of what we're doing for that customer today. At the same time, they understand what could be the best-in-class performance, how much additional value they could generate, what are the programs that they could sell to them as well and then developing an execution plan for the customer to get there and ultimately to get paid for it through the value pricing that we've been developing over the past few years. So bottom line, very organic, no incremental cost that we haven't included in our numbers as well in here. So I feel really good about where we're going with One Ecolab here.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Pavel. So I can't go in too much detail for obvious reasons with M&A. We've done several smaller ones over the last few years following, obviously, the acquisition of Purolite at the end of 2021. We wanted to make sure we got that integration well done, that we got the right platform for the future that we could get as well our leverage ratio also back to two. That was our promise as well. We're getting there as well as we speak, even more, obviously, with the sale of our Surgical Solutions business. So it's all done in a thoughtful manner, both from an execution perspective and from a financial perspective as well. What I can say is that our M&A pipeline of big and small opportunities is very rich. We entertain all those connections on a regular basis as well. The fact that we have a great business, performing extremely well with one of the strongest balance sheet that we've ever had, puts us in a unique position obviously, so to go after opportunities that we believe. So it would be the right one for us. So what you've seen in the past is what you're going to see in the future, but always focused on our three key priorities, as I've shared many times with you. First, it's going to be water. Second, it's going to be digital. And third, it's going to be life science. So those are going to be the main areas where we're going to be investing in M&A as well.
Christophe Beck: Not really. We, obviously, look at our portfolio on a regular basis. And really, you think the way on who would be the best owner for that business. That's been true for a very, very long time. And the surgical business was an obvious candidate, because it is a product business, it's not service business where we can apply the Ecolab model, where you have service, technology, chemistry and data that come together. Surgical was purely drapes, great drapes, obviously, but those are products. That's a business that fits very well in a Medline portfolio, much less in our own company. So that's one of the reasons why we've sold this business. At the same time, we want to make sure that our healthcare business can build from a smaller scale, a much healthier business for the future and really focused on instrument processing, which is a typical Ecolab business. Beyond that, there's no obvious business out there that that doesn't fit the portfolio doesn't have the right performance. I like a lot the broad-based nature of the performance of the business across businesses and across markets. So, in short, no obvious candidate out there to do something similar.
Christophe Beck: And maybe building on that, my commitments to you has been so to get to this 5% to 7% as quickly as we can. 4% to 5% this year, as I've said, not every quarter is going to be created equal, mostly because of year-on-year comparison. So, 4% to 5% this year towards 5% to 7% doesn't seem to be like something crazy especially with the momentum that we're showing, and industrial also getting better, as mentioned, past remaining very strong. Institutional being in a very strong position as well. And when I see all the investments that we're making as well out of the margins improvements that we have with more feet on the street, with more capacities in growth businesses like global high tech, with more capabilities in digital and innovation around the world as well, I feel good with the trajectory that we're having moving from this 4% to 5% to 5% to 7% is going to happen so very naturally.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Steve. So two parts, obviously, very different components of your question here. So first, in terms of focusing on the 150 companies that use a third of the world water. This is where we focus all our attention. And as mentioned before, so our laser focus on our top 35 customer as a company aligns perfectly well with that vision of the world of those 150 companies using a third of the world water. Those are the ones that are the more interested, obviously, in our technology, helping them produce more while reducing their cost, by reducing the usage of energy and water. This is working really well, which is one of the reasons where our water business is doing well and keeps accelerating as well at the same time. Now on the PFAS question, which is an old question, we have all the technologies to get that done the right way. Regulation is going to help in a certain extent where everyone will have to play with the same rules. So we are really focusing on our customers today, helping them get plans on how to address that PFAS issue that turns into a business opportunity. So for us over time. And we focus mostly on food and beverage customers, those are the ones who have the highest interest right now. And I like progress that we're making here, but it's going to take some time to see it happen or having an impact on our top line growth. But at some point, it will.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Kevin. It was in September or October last year that I said we will get there, so within a few years. And for sure, less than five. Well, we're almost a year later. So it's kind of the same and a year closure. To that, if anything, I feel more confident that we're going to get there. We're going to get there in time. There is no direct correlation between the One Ecolab savings and that margin, as Scott was saying before, we're talking about smaller numbers. This $140 million in the grand scheme of things. One Ecolab is mostly a growth initiative which will help, obviously, on the SG&A, but most importantly, will drive the margin, gross margin even higher, which will lead us to an OI improvement. So I stick to where we were within the next few years, and we see the PCs coming very well together. Gross margin is already close to 44%, which was the high watermark. For our company, we keep improving from there. Our SG&A is 200 basis points below where it was pre-pandemic as well in 2019 and will keep accelerating as well. Well, you bring all three together nice top line acceleration, gross margin further improvements and productivity improvements as well will mathematically lead to the 20% fairly soon.
Christophe Beck: Good question, Patrick. So I really love that business, very steady growth, high single, low double, really good, not always an easy market, but whatever happens out there, it's always a very good performance. At the same time, it's the best performing Pest Elimination business in the world, which is also a good indication. And as you know, so there is no raw materials, almost none related to that business. So there is no DPC help or hurt obviously on that business. It's a business that's going to get north of 20%, for sure. And when I think about the main growth drivers here, there are two mostly. The first one is to drive cross-sell, which has been at core of our growth strategy in Pest Elimination, so selling the Pest Elimination services to existing Ecolab customers worked really well over many, many years. And second, it's to invest in connected devices. We have all the technology. We are one of the largest industrial cloud in the world. We have all sensing technology. We have all systems, we have all cybersecurity, everything that you need. Ultimately, so to connect all those millions of devices around the world that today, we go and visit regularly each of them to check whether you're going to get activities or not, well, tomorrow that's going to be very different. One data point at the National Restaurant Association Show we were in that big conference hall, where you have 600 traps in there today, we need roughly eight hours to go and check all those traps. Tomorrow, it's going to be done in 20 minutes. So just imagine how much value we can create, both in terms in terms of growth, of service to customers and naturally in terms of performance that we can drive out of the business. So that's going to drive top line growth. It's going to going to drive earnings growth, and it's going to drive return on invested capital, which is already the highest in our company even further higher.
Christophe Beck: So the main difference, Andy, is that the prior ones where by individual business. It was to really improve the delivery and the performance of Institutional. From a growth perspective, you've seen the results. That's why it's working so well today. It's the only reason. Obviously, we talked about innovation as well here, but the way we've organized ourselves, the way we've leveraged technology, well has been leading to these great performance that we have in Institution and Specialty today. You look at Europe, it was also technology, but it was much more back-office technology. It was much more ERP, Andy. And when you look today, well, Europe came from 0% margin to 13%, 14% today. So a very solid good business that we have there. 1 Ecolab is connecting all the businesses together in order so for our customers to see 1 Ecolab and for us to help them understand by leveraging all Ecolab can do, what's the value, what’s the savings that me as a customer can expect if all my units were at the best performance level of all my locations, how much would that be? It's a different dimension because this one, Andy, is connecting businesses together the previous ones whereby individual businesses that all led to very good returns at the same time.
Christophe Beck: So it's been in 2023, so that business, which is a few hundred million, as we've talked about, has been growing some in the 30%-ish like that. We're not disclosing too much detail so far. It will come when we have a more steady states organization and platform to serve that new industry, we will share that, obviously, with you, but kind of a few hundred million growing roughly 30% last year, what it's showing you kind of the trajectory that we have in that business. At the same time, it's a very highly profitable business because the customers we serve, which are the high-tech companies, being semiconductors, manufacturers or data centers, hyperscalers operators. Well, those ones are not looking for the most cost-efficient solution. They are trying to find partners that are helping them deliver the highest uptime, the highest power of computing, while reducing the usage of water and energy because that's the true limiting factor and that's where we invest all our resources on innovation in order to help those companies produce more computing power while reducing the impact on the environment. So the cost of it is kind of secondary which means we can invest in high technology. They pay for it. It's good for them. It's good for us. It's good for our shareholders as well. This global high-tech business has been a fantastic business and keeps getting better.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Ashish, thanks for the question. Just -- answering your first question, as we think about the DPC, as Christophe talked upfront, we saw the favorability in Q2, high single-digits. We're expecting that favorability to taper as we go into Q3, sort of, call it, low to mid-single-digits. And then by Q4, raws to get really stabilized as we think about them and going into next year, frankly, we're seeing a world where raws get back to sort of normal inflationary levels next year. Certainly, given the amount of raws, the thousands of raw materials that we buy, they move around differently in some cases, like caustic, you've seen favorability. But in other commodities, you're seeing them go the other direction, oil-based commodities in particular. And then as we think about the SG&A leverage, which your two-part question is -- as we talked about last quarter, we are making really smart growth-oriented investments, which is really driving the lion's share of the increase second quarter, the 6% year-over-year. And those investments are in frontline firepower, technology, digital technology, which is all helping long-term productivity. And we feel very good about that underlying productivity. So, in long-term, expect to get at least those historical levels of productivity going forward.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Thanks, John. I'll add to that, Christophe. As he said, this is not about the restructuring. It's not about cost savings. This is focused on growth. The savings, honestly, John, are pretty immaterial in context of the P&L. And if you think about this over a three-year program, the net sort of cost and savings are less than 1% on average over the next few years, really starting in 2025. But as we think about it, to your question on what that sort of nature it is and what's happening that is it's not about cutting the jobs, but about realigning where the work gets done, moving work to these centers of actions functional work really. To support the growth, create scalability to Christophe earlier point, that helps drive incremental productivity from a long-term perspective. And then to your question on the charges, the special charges will include severance. As we move work from many countries into these global COEs. But also there are other costs in there, including advisory costs, other costs, facility related costs. But again, these are going to happen over the next few years.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Feel free to add to this, Christophe. Obviously a lot of move around, as Christophe talked in the second half, don't forget that. Well, we will have the, the impact of surgical, which will be a headwind, which we talked about, about $0.08 in addition to the additional headwinds that we'll see from FX. But overall, as you see this, the sales we expect to continue to accelerate throughout the year, right. And you typically see sales being higher in sort of the second and third quarter of the year. And then on the other side of this, you'll see the year-over-year margin expansion start to we'll continue to expand. But it will ease through the third quarter, as DPC eases and then DPC becomes sort of stable and ultimately a headwind next year. And so I think you have some dynamics here that are probably not going to be able to compare the second half of this year to the normal years. But getting back to this is really the – if you look at our earnings growth that we're going to drive very strong earnings growth and even excluding the DPC tailwinds, we're getting at third quarter. And then the stable DPC in the fourth quarter that we're going to be driving underlying EPS at the high end of our long-term 12% to 15% range.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, I'll start with your last question first. If you just look at interest expense overall year-over-year, we had cash that we used to pay down debt earlier in the year in the first quarter. So, there's some impact from that as cash has come down from over $900 million at the end of 2023 to at the end of Q2, it's about $380 million. So, that's probably the biggest driver as we look sequentially on interest expense. Expect interest expense in the second half to be in that call it, $60 million to $70 million range, which is inclusive of benefit we'll get from the Orchid proceeds, which is, as you've seen in the disclosure, the gross proceeds there are about $950 million. So, back to your earlier volume question, when I think Christophe hit on exactly, which is an to Jeff's earlier comment, as we look at that sequentially, on the volume, it's really the impact of the comparisons to the institutional volume coming down from Q1 to Q2 on the more difficult comps and as we think about in the second half in that range that Christophe talked earlier in this 1% to 2%.
