Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, Nate, this is Doug. I guess you are referring to restaurant traffic?Nate Brochmann – William Blair & Company L.L.C.: For the most part, yes.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, we had strength across the board. We were strong in F&B. We were strong in Water, we were strong in Energy and Institutional had a good quarter too. So I would just say our positioning of clean water, food, energy and healthy environment plays well in Latin America. It plays well frankly in all the emerging markets. So we saw very strong growth across the board in our emerging markets, not just Latin America. China was double digits. EMEA is going to start showing underlying strength as well as we get moving. We’re starting to do, I think, the right things in Eastern Europe and that will get moving in the direction as well. So, I think it’s just right businesses and good execution.John P. McNulty – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I don’t have that here. We can of course look at that. I’d say two things. I mean we do have a bunch of new technology going to the beverage market, but we’ve also had a lot of significant success with large players in that industry and we’re gaining share. So it’s a combination of both and obviously technology helps you drive share. So even if you separate out the numbers, I’m not sure that’s the complete story because technology begets new business and so it’s all related.Mike Ritzenthaler – Piper Jaffray & Co: All right. Thanks, Doug.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. That’s exactly how have we have it in the plan.John E. Roberts – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: We’ll be through most of it by the end of this year, but you’re going to see it even in Q3 and very small in Q4.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, paper OI was up – volume for the exact number was single-digit. Paper was up – it was slightly up, but yes, it was up.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Like talk about the initiatives, well yes, we have the right global product line and it makes sure that we can get new solid Apex across the globe. Right now we have not add the capability to manufacture around the world. We have developed what I’ll call a much lower capital manufacturing process, which will enable expansion of that program i.e. with localize manufacturing in a much faster manners than it would have, if we had not figured it out how to do this. Two, we are driving Global 360, which is the field technology tool that enables highly productivity, better service, better ability to capture information, which is an important way so to merchandize with particularly large enterprise account while what we are doing, what we see and what we can see suggest, they do to improve their operation which many times involve more of our technology and products and service. The other is just how do you operate the sales and service team and taking some of our know-how and spreading it across the globe. So it’s in all those dimensions. So it’s certainly higher-end product lines, it is the field technology tools and what I would call the general management know-how that we are driving right now. We work last year very aggressively on corporate account efforts in the like and you are starting to see that bear fruit.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, it’s roughly, yes, just give us a second. Like 40% – yes, so light about 40%, heavy is about 25% and mining is 10% to 15%?Eric B. Petrie – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Great, thank you.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes. I know we do not do Apex1, we skipped right to Apex2 was in the process of being rolled out right now in Europe.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we had a number of very large new customer wins in the first quarter in Europe institutional. And certainly, Apex is critical and at least two of those. So it’s going to do a number of things, right it gives you a tool to go after entrenched business, because it is by far the most advanced technology in that industry. And so we know we have been handicapped for a while in Europe without the latest technology and without some of the tools, so we deployed another geographies. So this is one of the ways that we are going to start turning around negative sales growth to positive sales growth. I think if we look at institutional, we were positive for the first quarter. It’s the first time we’ve been positive there in a long time, and we don’t even have yet the benefit of the new businesses we sold, because that’s really being rolled in Q2, as we speak right now. So without getting into specifics, we need to get Europe as I’ve always said, our expectation of Europe will not be in the six to eight. But we do believe it needs to start getting in the 2% to 3% to 4% range, and it’s going to rollout technology getting their, the right field tools and driving the sales performance the way we drive it everywhere else, are they keys to doing that. That’s the agenda, we are on now. The P&L is much more rights than wrong, at this point in time in terms of balance of investments and cost structure. So that the good work that the new business will actually accrue the profit. At this point in time, given the structure of the business and so that’s what we’re on. And new technology is the key part of it.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: No, it’s not the drama. If there are issues as a result of that I don’t think that’s how we’ll see it.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, we do. We think we are on track on cash flow.Andrew J. Wittmann – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  Thank you very much.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, I know as you are aware, we have business in Venezuela, Argentina and the other countries in Brazil. But Venezuela, I mean, we’re pricing to recover, where we’ve already had devaluation. It will fight for normal cycle that we’ve all lived through in the past and so we’re on the other end of that, but certainly there is still risk improvement evaluation in that market, which we talked about in our releases. So it’s an issue. So Venezuela is about 1 percentage sales. So it doesn't seem like the thing to focus on.Dmitry Silversteyn – Longbow Research LLC: Got it. Thank you, Doug.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, we don’t typically name names or disclose size. How about this? They’re big enough to mention.Rosemarie J. Morbelli – Gabelli & Company: Okay.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: It’s going to be meaningful, and I think you should expect to be able to see it in the P&L, in the sales trends, in Europe as we move forward.Rosemarie J. Morbelli – Gabelli & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: No, I think the roughly 75 basis point operating margin is how we think about it.Shlomo H. Rosenbaum – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc: Okay. And if I can just sneak in just the tone last quarter sounded like Europe was starting to get better at least it felt that way. Would you say that you are incrementally feeling better about Europe or just kind of reiterating what you said last quarter? And I’ll leave it after that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Starting at the same trend. Yes, we’re a quarter further in and I would say that, yes, we think Europe is showing improvement, our business in Europe in particular.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yes, it was hopefully in Europe and France, where we had delayed service and we only do offer the service when it’s performed. So we see catch-up there. So ultimately we’ll be fine.Edward H. Yang – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
