Douglas Baker: Thank you, Mike. Look, I want to do a couple of things. One, Mike has run through our fourth quarter and outlook, I want to take a moment to share my thoughts about the year completed, 2010 and, importantly, 2011 and also the actions that were taken in Europe.  First, we completed what we regard as another successful year in 2010. And while it wasn't perfect, the fundamentals, I'd say, most importantly improved throughout the year and leave us with very solid momentum moving into 2011. There are a number of highlights in 2010. We had an excellent new innovation portfolio launched. We had great success selling large corporate accounts in our Institutional, Kay, Food Retail and F&B businesses. We continued very good progress in our growth initiatives. Emerging markets performed very well. Our water, energy and waste business continued to gain traction and also had very good results, and our Healthcare business is moving from the H1N1 shadow and now puts that behind them as it enters 2011.  Also, our core businesses had very solid performances, too. Institutional finished the year with a record number of food service and hospitality accounts, i.e. it continued to add new customers in an environment where accounts were being taken away. They also built solid underlying momentum. F&B had an excellent year, very strong results and entered 2011 with very strong momentum. Kay building international momentum, and the FRS [Food Retail Service] business continues to perform exceptionally. And importantly, Europe transitioned from systems implementation to leverage, which obviously we talked about in our earnings release and we'll talk more about today. So you saw in Europe that we saw daylight in leverage in Q4, which is what we forecasted first half of last year. And so for the first time, Q4 operating income margin was ahead of previous years. And obviously, we expect that to accelerate not only in 2011, but in '12 and '13, as Mike just talked about. So we see big improvements ahead.  So to 2011, I would really point to -- there's a few key points. We think we entered the year with strong momentum. We've got recovery markets. The growth investments that we've been making are paying off. Emerging markets are doing quite well. Healthcare, as I mentioned, is moving away from the H1N1 shadow, and our water, energy and waste business is doing very well. We have M&A momentum. We closed on a number of businesses, and the Europe systems are in place and now in a position to be leveraged. So we're quite excited about that, not only for what it means for 2011 but what it means for 2012 and beyond. So we like where we are. We still have a huge sales opportunity. We've got significant leverage opportunities. We've got a great track record of performance, and we plan to maintain it moving forward. So as Mike says, we're very proud of the last five years and looking forward to even better five years moving forward.  So with that, I'll turn it back to Mike for Q&A.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Nate, well, we laid out in one of the charts that we just put online that we expect raw materials to have a negative impact of $0.10 for the year. It's very much weighted in the first quarter, precisely for the reasons you laid out. It does take us some time to go recover, if you will. I know we have very fast moves in the raw material markets. It's exactly what we saw in '05, '06, '07, but I would also point out that we overcame the raw material inflation during that period. It was much more significant, if you will, as a percentage of our total raw material bill back in those years. So it takes several quarters for us to overcome this. I would say our expectation is you'll start seeing daylight again on our operational income margins beginning in Q2.
Douglas Baker: I guess I would position it this way, Nate, the restructure is a way for us to get to the endpoint that we've foreseen the whole time. I mean, even when we contemplated the investment in EBS [Ecolab Business Solutions] systems. And it's important for two reasons, we believe. One, it's much, much better way of doing this from an organizational impact basis, which means you got to move quickly and make sure that the organization understands what the new structure is and how do you get them from point A to point B as fast as possible, because frankly it minimizes disruption. So we believe it's the right thing to do from a business operation standpoint. It also adds obvious financial benefits, and that it accelerates or brings forward the ultimate benefits that we talked about all along, which is we've always believed this business to be a 13%- to 14%-type business, which means you've got a delta if you take the ending point last year of roughly 1,000 points. We have talked about a pacing of 100 basis points a year. We still believe that's the right number for this year. But what this restructuring enables us to do is more than double that in '12 and '13 and likely beyond that.
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say the simple answer is, I don't know if you can lay this on any one point. I would say we have been discussing and moving forward on plans to improve our profitability in Europe for a number of years. We identified several years ago that we had two principal challenges. One was a structural issue in Europe and the other was a weak systems environment. They somewhat worked hand-in-hand. In fact, with weak systems you almost always get too much structure. And so we wouldn't be able to do exactly what we're doing without the new systems, but there are a number of moves we're doing to improve profitability that are outside of, if you will, or unrelated to the systems move as well. How long have we been contemplating this? I would say probably as long, in some sense, as we’ve owned the business. We wanted to understand how you do this, improve the business and, most importantly, improve our ability to compete in that market effectively. So we want better customer service. We want better service at the customers' end unit. And we want more efficient back offices, so that we don't waste any money, if you will, not creating value for our customers. And that's not the position we've been at. So we believe, ultimately, this restructure is the smart the way to do it. It's a huge financial payoff. It makes a lot of sense financially. And as I mentioned earlier to Nate's question, it's also the best way to do this from a organizational and a business standpoint.
Douglas Baker: Yes, you know it was in the neighborhood of $5 million or so in the fourth quarter. Here's what I would say, our fourth quarter, I will probably not give you the politically correct answer, our fourth quarter wasn't a great quarter but it certainly was better than it shows up in public reporting. So you've got -- really if you look at the underlying growth rate organically when we ferret out all of the noise was probably in the 3% range. Importantly, we believe it's accelerating. We expect to do better than that moving into Q1.
Douglas Baker: Yes. The business mix conversation was about total U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. With that said, big portion of that did happen to occur in Institutional. And it's a natural outcome of distributor inventory reductions, because, often, what we have in distributors is principally foodservice goods and foodservice solids that are high margin. So when you have a reduction of both sales, you have some natural reduction of GP [gross profit] for that period. I guess what I would focus on, on Institutional and, broadly, is our U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing operating income margin to improve for the year, and we expect it to improve again next year. And so we don't think we have anything fundamental here. We did have some oddities in the quarter.
Douglas Baker: Yes, the number you're looking at is a U.S. number. And as I described Kay before, Kay is an elephant-hunting business. And so it doesn't move on steady lines, and so what you're doing is annualizing, if you will, to get some very large wins year ago. And as they continue to succeed with change, you will see that business start moving up. Their International business is accelerating, right, and is double-digit plus. And honestly, I think we've got significant upside there that we haven't capitalized on yet either.
Douglas Baker: Yes, from a sales standpoint, we expect to see roughly two points of sales growth that's going to be attributable to M&A already discussed and announced to the market. Roughly, we estimate that to deliver about $0.03 positive from an EPS standpoint.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would just say I think it's simple as you're going into a year-end, for distributors, too. And they're quite sensitive to their inventory positions. It's important part of their financial metrics. They manage it. They clearly have been managing the inventories much more tightly over the last three years and maybe prior to that. So we've seen, if you will, significant step-down in inventories in distributors over the last three years. I'd say until you see a substantial market improvement in sales momentum, we don't expect to see a big change in that. But ultimately, distributor inventory is a reflection of how lean they can operate given the systems' effectiveness and what underlying demand is. Demand is starting to pick up, but unfortunately it's been offset somewhat by their ability to manage the systems upgrade.
Douglas Baker: Yes. This wouldn't be a conversation for total 2010, the conversation, because we're focusing on a 13-week period. I don't expect there to be material changes in inventory moving forward. They've brought it down substantially over the last three years. We don't believe there is a lot of room for that to move further. Regarding the first part of your question, there is not much inventory in customers. But there is inventory in the distributor channels. And even in Institutional, a sizable number of our accounts are shipped via distributors even though on all cases, we have the direct service relationship. So what we're talking about is the distributor inventories not the end-use customer inventories.
Douglas Baker: No, there has been no change in our pricing policy. We like pricing when we can get it. So we try to manage it in a way that works for our customers and our markets. And as a result, we don't intend to pass on immediate large spikes to our customers. We've taken more measured approach. And as a result, when we see spikes in raw materials, like we've just seen, it takes us a while to catch up because of the way we do approach pricing, which is a more measured approach. It's been quite effective in the past, and we believe that's exactly the right strategy to play again.
Douglas Baker: Yes, John. Well, I agree that we do not see any hockey stick-type improvements in our end markets, what we've seen is probably, in 2010, in some market, it's a steady improvement, in others, a bottoming, if you will, from that standpoint. And we see further improvement in 2011 but by no means rapid improvement or hockey stick-type effects. What gives us confidence in the sales is, one, we believe we've got a very good handle on our underlying, if you will, consumption patterns in customers. We understand clearly what inventory situations are, and we also know what we accomplished last year in terms of innovation or new product pipelines, which have been launched and are out what we accomplished in terms of new business successes, particularly the corporate account arena. And so when we start putting that equation together and also watching business trends, we feel fairly confident that our business, from a top line standpoint, will perform better in '11 than it did in 2010, not just year-on-year record, i.e. one-front war, but, in fact, accelerating trends.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I guess I would say two things. Even if you look at the last period, the last five years, we were in the 16% EPS delivery for the first couple of years of that period until we ran into 2008, which was still double digits, right. '09 was 7%, and we're back in double digits again and, we believe, accelerating. So I guess we opened this thing -- we expect this five-year period to be more successful than last five year. I can give you all the forward-looking caveats, I'm not predicting another financial crisis equal to the last one, right. And we're not expecting monster raw increases, like $140 oil, here in the next three months or anything like that, but I don't think anybody else is. So what we always aim for is to outperform our objectives, and our objective is 15% EPS. And we continue to try to work to lay the ground and make sure we have the initiatives in place to achieve that. What we can never predict fully is what the world's going to throw at us. But our hope is, yes, that we do overachieve 15%, but we're not in the forecasting mode beyond 2011.
Douglas Baker: Look, I think I have a good track record of forecasting broadly. I'm not sure it's extended yet to GCS. So what I would say is that where we are down to, as we said, GCS is one-front war sales. And GCS sales, as you see in our recent reporting, has improved and was 6% in Q4. If we are successful at continuing that trend, which we plan to be, we are going to ultimately start crossing the threshold and making money in that business. And of course, our hope is, sooner versus later. I will say this, it will be accretive again in 2011, that we're quite confident. Our hope is that we get it over the profit line, but I am going to go and stop short of predicting it.
Douglas Baker: Well, the receivable was roughly $5 million yet in Q4. Oh well, yet. So that's that. Regarding direct product costs, fourth quarter, they were flat around the world, flattish, but they show up differently in different businesses in different regions of the world. But they were probably net positive in Asia Pacific and some of the others. U.S., they were unfavorable, alright. So if you look at U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing there was an impact of probably in the neighborhood $4 million, $5 million for raw materials, offset by other regions. The second thing, in terms of raw materials next year, we expect them to be $0.10 negative. We are forecasting markets that are pretty dynamic. We are out moving on pricing and others And typically our product supply system moves. We don't try to react to market moves. We try to react to what's the best way to set up the supply chain for long-term optimal performance from customer service and cost standpoint. It's very hard. You got 60-plus plants and 100-plus warehouses. You don't go rearrange that because polyethylene is moving up.
Douglas Baker: Well, potentially, I think, sure. But my guess, long term in our assumption, broadly this helps us but not when we buy raw material. Look, I think water is going to be a more important commodity for our customers and for anybody operating in the world, including humans who drink it. And energy costs are going to be under pressure and going up, not down. And energy is a big component in many of the raws we buy. So yes, we suspect there's going to be ongoing inflation in our raw material by moving forward. It can move around year-to-year but that's our assumption. And we would be delighted to be proven wrong on the raw material inflation part of that scenario for us.
Douglas Baker: For model standpoint, we basically said, use kind of a consistent standard, you're going to be safe.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say throughout 2010, we saw nominal improvement in our European sales volume as we went throughout the year, and we expect to have growth in Europe next year. But I won't quibble with low [ph] because these are small single-digit numbers and, ultimately, we need to get Europe up into the mid single-digit numbers. And so certainly, continuing that, if you will resort to them in corporate account side, which we've done aggressively the last few years, it has benefited us significantly as underlying markets there improve. When we get much more connectivity between management and the field, we believe we'll able to operate there as effectively as we do in the other regions. So certainly, that is the key part of the plan. Meaning, you will see benefits from the restructure announcement we had almost regardless of what the sales are. However, it is much more leveraged with sales growth than without, so sales is the key component of the plan.
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say, I'm pretty confident we have been gaining share in Europe over the last few years. It's hard to describe. I mean, the underlying markets, particularly in Foodservice, both in Europe and U.S., have been really lousy. And we have been holding our own and outperforming all of our publicly reported competitors in those markets. So we're pretty confident that we are gaining share.
Douglas Baker: No. That would not be included in this. So that is, if you will, an additional benefit. I mean, certainly, there was impact when you go through one of these ERP implementations, you have extra costs. That's a piece of the 100 basis points this year. Because I would say, the real benefits from the restructure activity we're talking about are certainly much more in the 2012 and '13. We've laid out what they are this year, but they're pretty minimal this year. A lot of the work this year, but the benefits accrue in '12 and '13.
Douglas Baker: We haven't exactly said, but I think if you do the math of our publicly announced 100, 200 plus, you start getting that the expectation that we are going to be very close to there by that time period.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, one, it's always a concern and it's on the front of our planning objective. It's to make sure it doesn't happen. I would say, this part of the Europe transformation effort has less impact than the EBS implementation or the ERP implementation simply because there, you're ripping apart, if you will, your whole central nervous system of the business. And we worked hard to mitigate service problems there. We had some. They've been corrected. They're behind us. And we don't anticipate having nearly the same service impact as were a result of this part of the transformation that we did with the last part.
Douglas Baker: I would say, it's fair that there would be certainly some deals that we may pass on if we don't feel they're going to have huge strategic advantage for us long term, that we would not want to hinder our ability to execute here for what I would call kind of a tactical nominal acquisition play. If something's fundamental and very important came along that we felt was key to long-term success, we would move ahead.
Douglas Baker: Dmitry, I guess what I -- we said fairly consistently all along is that the ERP implementation was key to enabling us to get as many as the fundamental things that we needed to do because you have to be able to, right, do the accounting, do the back-office work, et cetera. And the old structure was going to prevent us from doing some of the things we needed do to manage the business. By itself, the ERP system brings zero savings, right. So all the work that you do after the system to leverage it and the other opportunities around Europe unrelated to that system, which are also wonderful. We talked during that time that the expectation, full system implementation, would be 100 basis points a year. We said that you would start seeing some of the benefit in fourth quarter 2010, which we did, roughly 60 basis points. What we're saying now is that the pace has changed, the target is still the same, roughly 1,000 basis points, but the pace of change is going to be significantly accelerated as a result of this restructure. And instead of 100 basis points a year, you will see 2x that plus beginning of 2012 and certainly for 2013, and probably for '14 depending on how much we get done in '12 and '13. So that's the best way I can describe it. I'd say it's quite consistent if you go back to the conversations we've had about this. If anything, we do believe this is a benefit because we are bringing forward the financial benefits of these initiatives.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I wouldn't pin it all on it. Absolutely. What I would say is we needed a new ERP system to give us the flexibility we needed to design the business around the customer needs. And without the ERP changes, right, it would have been I guess possible but very problematic and difficult.
Douglas Baker: Yes, we would expect to continue to see margin improvement in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, also. I think I registered the heart of that question, can you take the 100, since it's 2/3 and transfer it over the whole International thing? Yes, and then you're adding even a little better than that. That would be our goal.
Douglas Baker: I think we're in danger of getting over our skis now. I would say, it's going to be better than the 70 basis points.
Douglas Baker: Yes. One, we haven't finalized those plans because we need to work with the Works Councils to do that, which we are in process now initiating that piece of it. So we do not have exact specifics around who or when. What I can tell you is what's foreseen but still needs to be developed in partnership with the Works Councils is that this is principally going to be, if you will, back-office shared-service support, quite heavily in those arenas, which is areas that we believe we have a clear path towards. And so what we're working to do, if you will, is maximize sales customer support and minimize the cost of all the necessary back-office support.
Douglas Baker: I think we discussed this briefly before but not in detail that Kay business runs into its basic times. It succeeds by making outside sales when you compare it to its base. We described it as elephant hunting versus farming. And so as a result, as they bring on new customers, you'll start seeing that business moving forward. We are not predicting that Kay is somehow plateaued or is out of growth. It's far from the case. But we've been through this before on Kay. And as we bring on new business, you will start seeing an acceleration of growth again. But Kay has always been somewhat lumpy.
Douglas Baker: We're going to get to a rounding discussion. I would say, we've had upped our pricing plan as a result of the raw material moves. I mean, they're significant, they're well publicized, they're well understood. We do not anticipate anywhere near the 3% to 4% that we were going after. One, it's not required. Two, I don't think it would be smart for the business in terms of what we would do with customer relationships. So we are in a much lower place. It probably still rounds to 1%. Let's say, it's rounding down now versus rounding up.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean, foodservice, we still see as relatively flat as we go forward. Lodging, this year, recovered quite substantially, and we think lodging, year-on-year, is going to be in the 3% range. Healthcare is probably low single digits as we move forward. Food & beverage in its historic norm of low single digits. Those would be our big key markets.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. Some final notes, our updated Fact's Book will be online next week at ecolab.com/publications. It is updated in thorough descriptions of our businesses and is helpful in providing deeper understanding of our company. Also, we plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago, May 23, with more details as we get closer.  So that concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the Q&A period.
Michael Monahan: John, this is Mike. We show on the table that there's about $0.01 of transformation costs from the first quarter. And that for the year, net, we think that it'll be a net $0.02 positive. So that's netting the benefits against the transformation activity costs.
Michael Monahan: For the year, David, it's basically cut its loss in half again. And for the quarter, GCS loss was just a little over $1 million.
Michael Monahan: Jeff, if you look back in the quarter, you'll see Kay having their robust quarters, the leaner quarters. But for the year, it's usually pretty consistent on the upper single-digit growth area.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, everyone. There was one issue we wanted to circle back on, and that was regarding the transformation, Europe transformation expense as shown in the EPS bridge. That is not the restructuring costs. The restructuring costs, as we mentioned, will be in the special charges. The transformation costs in the first quarter represent some of the activities we're doing to run these projects. We'll have those costs through the rest of the year. That will be offset by some of the benefits that we get later in the year. So that's why you see it going from $0.01 negative in the quarter to a positive -- the remaining quarters to a $0.02 positive for the full year.  So with that, that wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This call, and the associated slides will be available for replay in our website. Thanks for your time and participation, and best wishes for the rest of the day.
