Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Nate, it's Doug. I would say a couple of things. Most of the inventory issues we related to or related to last year where we had, what I would say is, probably an artificial pump on inventories temporarily in Q3, so we'll see the comparison issue. I think we've got a good handle on how inventories are trending this year and have that built into our forecast for Q4.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess I'll probably not go into a lot of detail right now. I will say early when we came out and we gave the synergy number, we always said that it was at the low end of our range, and we acknowledge that. I would say all we've learned confirms that, that we would anticipate that there is upside on the synergies, which we also said was going to be important because we know, right, since going out that other things, FX, pension cost, and other things are negatives and synergies was one of the natural ways that were going to offset what the world throws at us. So I would say we have confirmed that in fact synergies will be an upside.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Gary, Doug. I would say, yes, from the beginning, we always said that we expected to be in Europe and U.S. in particular kind of a long slide. So very -- a nominal GDP growth at best. I would say unfortunately, that looks to be the case. I guess it's fortunate if you have a double dip instead, which we do not buy into. I guess my point would be this. The environment is sufficient for us to continue to drive sales growth and to continue to accelerate. If the economy was better, it would be easier, no doubt about it. But we are -- I don't think viewing the economy as in our way from delivering the type of EPS performance that we expect of ourselves and that I think our investors expect also. Europe, Europe continued to grow. We continue to see growth in Europe. It is a lousy environment with that said, even in spite of a lot of the efficiency activity we have there, we continue to sell new business successfully, we continue to drive not great top line performance, but positive top line performance and the type of performance that we need to get the type of OI margin improvements that we've committed to. And we expect to be able to continue to do that in the type of environment we foresee.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, that was not in our original $3 number. The time period we gave, where it starts after close and we expect to complete it by the end of 2012.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say it was -- break it down into 2 components. Costs that increased when we didn't expect it to, and frankly, other declines came on much slower than we anticipated. We're seeing them, but they just haven't come as rapidly, was a little stickier than we thought and that was really, it's those 2 factors that led to frankly higher raw material cost in the quarter than we had forecasted when we had our Q2 call. I'd say in spite of that, the business performed well and we overcame it. So I think it's just one of the facts in the business. It didn't turn out to be a material fact in the sense of determining performance.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, we've taken our caustic price up for the year for that comment. Yes, we're seeing some price decline and abatement in certain areas. And so it's happened and so, it's easier to forecast now because we've actually realized it. So certainly in total, raw materials will cost us less in Q4 than they did in Q3. But I would say the bigger part of the story is pricing traction, which we watch build throughout the quarter, and so we have quite a bit of momentum leading into Q4. And so as a result, we expect that gross profit -- gross margins will be ahead of last year in Q4.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Europe, I would say our range of estimates. We forecast 100 this year at the beginning of the year, delivering 100 basis point improvement this year, then 200 plus next year, 200 plus in 2013. I would say working backwards, we are very confident, probably even more confident in the 500 plus over 3 years. I would say in the range of reasonableness, the 100 is in the possibility this year. I don't know if it's likely because we've had much higher raws. With that said, I'll just call that a timing issue because pricing there is catching raws also, whether it catches it in time to get the 100 this year or if it happens in the first quarter is really the debate. But it's going to be a significant improvement this year in Europe OI margin year-on-year.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we've alerted treasury that $400,000 is coming your way. I would say we don't think it's a blip and you could see the improvement building for the last really 6 to 7 quarters, and so I guess our expectation is it will be profitable again in fourth quarter. It will be profitable for the whole year, we anticipate in 2012. I guess if there's going to be a blip that's going to be first quarter and that's really related to volume, low volume. But we anticipate that it will make money in total for 2012.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I'd say a few things. Lodging in Europe is up year-on-year. Restaurants are flat to down a point as you go through, and F&B is modestly up for the year underlying markets. I would say it's more a geographic split than it is by market split. And if you see some dramatic I guess deltas, it would be where you would expect it. Central Europe for us is doing quite well and then the ring, particularly Italy, Spain and Greece as you might imagine, aren't doing particularly well. But that's like every newspaper article you read. In total, when we add it up, we have positive growth there and frankly some trends, which are positive, not overwhelmingly positive, but positive.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think healthcare, Mike, the best way to think about it is, there's been a concerted push to drive what we consider the most value added, which also happen to be the best margin products in our line. And those areas are performing quite well. The areas where we don't have as much value add, we haven't had nearly the emphasis. So as a result, our total sales is modest when you exclude acquisitions. But I would say the profitability in that business is up tremendously. And for the year, it's going to be a near double of profitability. So I think they got more or less the equation right. I mean it was important for us to move that up and it has moved up dramatically and so that's how we're viewing that business right now. So it's $0.5 billion. It's got scale. We're starting to leverage its scale effectively. That's really what I would consider the story on healthcare.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if anything because of our, look raws, it there's been a surprise in the air, it could've been only in our camp. We had forecasted raws to be up very modestly this year and they're up anything but modestly. And so raws have been a big negative surprise for us in the year. In spite of that, we're going to deliver a very solid year. But as a result, we are a little behind our pricing pace. We are going to lap and cross raws handily in the fourth quarter, i.e. pricing. Money coming in from pricing is going to more than offset money going out the door for incremental raw cost in Q4. But with that said, like a normal year, if we had probably forecasted this more accurately, we're not the only guys who got it wrong by the way, we had probably been a quarter ahead, right. So you're going to have a case that historically, when raws have abated, we have not lost pricing.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, we're making it in healthcare, but I would say the most significant would be a geographic split. And obviously, we're putting the bodies in AP and LA disproportionately because that's where the growth is.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, well that would be an interesting year, wouldn't it? I think we've had almost every natural disaster that's on the list in this year in Asia-Pacific. Yes, I mean with our Asia-Pacific business even in spite of that, right, is continuing to perform quite well. Obviously, in some markets during some periods, you got relatively easy basis to go against. So yes, I would expect if you have zero natural disasters next year, I don't know if that's ever happened in Asia-Pacific, you would expect to get a pop.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I'll give you 2 points of view. I would say nothing's ever above our expectations because our expectations are very high. But in terms of corporate account activity globally, in wins and losses, net gains, we are up 18% to the favorable versus last year, and last year was a great year. So we are having a lot of success again this year in driving new accounts productivity. Even when you move from corporate accounts down to regional and down to lower areas, we have had an improvement in terms of lost account numbers, which I think you would expect. But we're starting to get to more normalized non-economically pressured type numbers, and so that obviously helps your net gain figure as well. And so that's occurring on the street and regional account level also.
Douglas M. Baker: I would say, I think there is -- I really don't know that it's -- we're quite intense to go after that business. I would say it's more because those accounts are under pressure than it is because there's a different level of activity competitively, when you get down to it. And it's always been intense. That is where you have all the regional competitors playing and competing and vying for the business. And so I would say it remains intense and I would chalk up as much of it to frankly the environment they're competing in. It's difficult for them. They've got food inflation. They got traffic count declines, right? They're watching every penny.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if anything, and as we went out, I think we said the $0.5 billion, which is what we've said year 5 run rate would be in terms of growth synergies. It was more middle of the range as opposed to being on the conservative side of the range, which our cost synergies certainly were. I would say we feel very good about the ability to go get $0.5 billion.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I know, we really haven't seen dramatic changes there in either case. I mean, you always get under pressure. But that pressure is more early in the cycle, which is when we saw it when they start, say, substituting pot and pans for [indiscernible] because it's cheaper to use it. Those things are usually early cycle, we saw them, and the trends there have been pretty consistent.
Douglas M. Baker: We have it right now, no. I would say our incentive programs work fairly well in both robust economic growth times and times like this. And so they've stood the test of time. What we do is we have different emphasis in terms of types of products that we're bringing to the market, what features that we are highlighting. We've been on a total impact to total cost conversation with our customers for a while, and the programs that we're introducing offer a great trade in terms of better chemistry to help reduce electricity and water usage, and in total, they reduce your costs. And that story, which we've applied very successfully and we're watching now in laundry, in F&B and lubricants now increasingly in the CIB space has resonated quite well with all of our customers. So that -- if there's going to be a shift. I'd say that's the shift and we think that shift has long, long legs.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I'd say we're growing, Mark. I would go and point back. I mean the Institutional business, if we look at our consumption figures this quarter was up like 4.5%, which was roughly the same number we had in Q2, nearly identical. And that consumption pattern, we do know that traffic remains soft in the food service market. The corporate account number, as I talked about were global numbers, but we are seeing improvements in every region and across all businesses, right? So it's fairly uniform. It's not the same percentage in every region in every business, but it's positive and so I would say we know that the market isn't great and the way you grow in these markets is you gain share and I think we're doing a great job doing that. And as a result, we expect to continue to accelerate. In fourth quarter, our projection is we will have a stronger quarter in terms of reported and underlying sales than we did in Q3.
Douglas M. Baker: I think a few more quarters to get back everything, but in Q4, we had expect pricing to be 2%, up from about 1.5% in Q3, right, and that's the kind of acceleration that we expect to see and that gives us obviously a pretty positive pricing momentum moving into next year.
Douglas M. Baker: I would say this has always been a focus here and remains a focus. I would say go back to the earlier comment that our corporate account, new business activity, that is up fairly dramatically. I would say that's going to be an ongoing emphasis here and so 2 things. One, we really don't like to lose business at all, and we think when we do lose business, it's fundamentally a mistake that we made somewhere along the process, and we don't like making those mistakes, and we are working hard to secure all competitors’ business because we think they'll be better off with us and we'll continue to do that. So we're not going to become an easy competitor for anybody.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I mean I think we reflected what I'd call a current view of FX, so in our guidance FX, it degraded if you will since last quarter. We thought we were going to get more out of Q4 in July than we think we're going to get out of it now.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, yes, those are numbers put together by both the respective management teams and then shared with the board as part of their ongoing strategic update process. I can certainly speak for our numbers. They were what we consider the realistic view of our business at that time. I would say as all things, there's like 6 or 7 key inputs into those numbers and they all change monthly. I would say broadly if you want to get to the heart of it, we feel we like the position our business is in. Is everything perfect? No, but we think we're in good position, we're building sales momentum, we got pricing momentum going, we know raws a big going forward. FX, who the heck knows? Hard to predict, but I think our ability to go kick out as a standalone company, strong double-digit EPS is in good shape, particularly when you think about all the leverage activities that we have going on in Europe and the rest. And so that remains our view. Is it 6% CAGR versus 7% CAGR on this year's economic view? I don't know if that's the heart of the story. I think in total, we have enough levers where we felt we could run not only drive sales faster, but also translate that into very, very strong EPS growth. On the Nalco side, I think we went through -- we looked at those numbers. We came up with our own view, some of it is natural conservatism, if you're going to be shelling out a lot of money that you want to make sure it works even in the absence of all good news and so we worked hard to try to understand sensitivities. So by and large as a basis, I think we feel quite good about the work that was done from both sides.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say to, by and large the feedback from our customers, particularly those who are going to be, I guess in our minds, positively impacted by the merger. The feedback's been quite positive from the customers. They understand why this makes sense and why it works and all the rest. Has there been any change? Certainly, there are very rare instances where we had customers contemplating a switch, and obviously they're just going to wait, okay. So -- but I would say this is really very small stuff. In terms of the GE Diversey announcement, I guess I would have 2 thoughts. Yes, you're right, that's their historic competitor and Diversey's ours, it's in a sense a nice gift from a locker room standpoint, that we're working to bring the companies together and we now have a common person, right, to go after and both as our historic competitor. I would say it's a little bit -- is it an acknowledgment that what we're doing here makes strategic sense. I don't know what else to say, otherwise why would you work to go do that and at the end of the day, I think our partnership, it's #1, #1, and our structure is preferable. I would rather have it run as a company. It's very hard to do alliances, not impossible. GE and Diversey are both very formidable competitors. We'll take it serious, but I would rather have our structure.
Douglas M. Baker: No. Rosemarie, what we've said is even in our plans and our forecast, we continue to anticipate that we will have some bolt-on activity as we go forward. So we would expect to continue to have some small add-ons in terms of acquisitions. If we just, I guess -- there's going to be that type of work going forward. I would say the bar is going to be a little different for a period of time, no doubt about it. But we know that there are a number of properties out there that we're very interested in and remain interested in even in spite of the Nalco merger.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, Jeff, we've been working on a couple of pieces, but certainly, one has been a lot of restructure activity going on in Europe, which is a big spend area for us. So certainly, we know that's gaining traction so that had like some of the story if you go through, if you're looking at reported numbers, might as well, you're likely going to have FX and some other impacts too.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, look, again you're going to -- this can be year-on-year. So you're going to have and we're trying to...
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. It's a big base. I mean, if you have gross profit expansion, right, significant -- we've got a reduction in SG&A because of leverage and you'll end up being able to do numbers like that, not forever, mind you. But certainly, that's the formula. And we have said routinely that we expect to see increased leverage in our international businesses, right, in AP and LA, it's principally going to come from volume, right, as you have a fixed asset base and then Europe, it is principally from the restructuring or efficiency activity, i.e. that we call, renaissance paying off.
Douglas M. Baker: Pricing variation? A lot of -- Let me -- I'm going to go look for a chart for one second. Well, I'm sorry, Bob, if you want a detailed answer, you're going to get one now.
Douglas M. Baker: So look, the pricing activity is greatest in Institutional North America. It's where we're seeing the raw material increases principally and where we have the inflationary pressure, F&B globally. Not as much in services, in healthcare it's fairly modest, right? Regionally, North America, Europe or later cycle in AP and LA.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess theoretically, you do get there. We aren't there yet. I think the thing to remember about our Institutional business is you got to go take it back down to the customer level. The way we grow this business is like growing our business within customers and if we sell more customers and sell them more stuff, we will grow. And the only reason I bring that up is if you look at even the change within Institutional, where we've got the longest history and have frankly the highest penetration from an Institutional standpoint, you still got significant upside in selling them, GCS, Pest, EcoSure, water filtration, et cetera. And so they still remain a very good, if you will, growth avenue for this company and it's also a very profitable growth avenue for this company because we've got the whole infrastructure built up overtime. So that's how we think about that. When you look at Institutional alone, I would say, look they've accelerated sales this year, their second half sales are going to be dramatically better from a growth rate than their first half sales, they are working to offset and will more than offset in the fourth quarter the raw materials that they've had to take on this year. It's continued to invest in that business. They got the best product portfolio that I think they've ever had, and they've got a bunch of stuff coming onstream. They're putting on new technology out in the field. That business is a great business. And I really think that team has done a very good job driving the type of activities we know we need to drive to continue to grow share there, which is exactly what they're doing.
