Douglas M. Baker: Well, hello, and good day. I just make the following thoughts or share them with you. First, clearly Q4 was a good end to a very good year with EPS in the quarter of 17% adjusted EPS and that gave us 19% adjusted EPS growth for full 2013. I would say the most important point would be we left the year with solid top line momentum. We had over 6% organic sales growth. That was our best organic sales growth of the year. We had very strong new business results again in the quarter. They have continued into Q1. And we have real traction on our new product innovation launches, which also is very key to us continuing to drive margin expansion. For 2013, we expanded margins about 110 basis points at the OI level. We delivered 150 basis points OI expansion in Europe. And we're on or above our plan in Champion and Nalco regarding our synergy commitments. So as we indicated in our release and as Mike just finished with, we expect 2014 to be another very good year. Our forecasted EPS for the year is between 16% to 19% growth. It's going to be driven by continued strong organic growth and a continued OI leverage. We're going to drive it the way we always do. We'll be nimble. We'll react to whatever the world throws us. We will make sure that, while reacting, we maintain our focus on new business and great innovation, disciplined operations and synergy realization. So I would say more of the same. We feel we're in a good position. We know what we need to do, and the team is doing a great job executing. So with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for questions.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I guess, if you looked at fourth quarter growth, I think what we've said is expect low double-digit growth in the Energy business. And when you adjust for onetimers, i.e., the disbursements either in third quarter or fourth quarter, that's what we grew at in the second half and I think that's what you should expect moving into 2014. So the reported was 12.5%. If you take out some of the onetimers, we would have been 11% in the fourth quarter. If I remember, it's high single digits reported in the third quarter. And then when you adjust it for onetimers in the base, you got it -- you're back into the low double digits.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think 100 basis point has remained our target. We indicated, I think, in the second quarter that we expected to do about 130 to 150 basis points in 2013 in Europe. Some of that was a catch-up because we were a little behind our pace early in the program as a result of raw materials. So we caught up a bit on pricing. So we had more expansion in 2013 than the 100 target. I think 100 target is the right thing to think about. Our plan, of course, is for more. But I think the right way to think about it is 100 basis points a year and we are confident we can continue to do that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, U.S. Institutional all year has hung in there at 4% to 5% growth and it remained in that range in the fourth quarter. So U.S. Institutional continues to do the right thing. It's expanding margins. It's growing the top line. So that business is performing as we would expect. Europe, we've had soft sales, but we've had strong margin expansion. We certainly, if you will, inverted our equation for a bit of time, which is we are prioritizing in Europe broadly and in Institutional Europe, in particular, margin expansion over growth. But that equation's going to change and it's starting to change now where we are going to reprioritize growth as job #1. I would expect you to see steady improvement in terms of top line improvement. It's not going to be a big inflection point. So flattish for this year, accelerating through the year and starting to grow next year. With that said, it will be accretive. We will make more money in 2014 in Institutional Europe than we made this year, and the team's doing the right things to get that business structured the right way for long-term growth.
Douglas M. Baker: Since, I guess, after acquiring Nalco, everybody was -- kept inquiring why we would want the Paper business. We ended the year -- the Paper team, I think, has done a great job, certainly in the time that we've -- they've been part of our team and they ended the year with very strong top line growth of 5% in obviously an industry that's not the healthiest industry. But they're positioned well. They focused on selling the value-added technology. It's the most advantaged technology from a margin standpoint, too. They've had 2 years of outstanding operating income growth. So that business has performed quite well. I think that team's done a great job.
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, I guess I would start with this perspective, Nate. We chase a $100 billion market and we're only $13 billion. So without any "big change or big win" behind our back, we've got huge opportunity and blocking and tackling will take us a long way for a long time. So I would say that's point number one. Point number two, our markets are going to grow. I think they grow faster than GDP because of the macro trends around safe food, clean water, energy demand and the position that we have in the Energy business, as well as just environmental hygiene. And all of those are moving forward at a very, very rapid pace. So in China, if you look at their 5-year plan, you clearly have food safety and clean water, as well as clean air, but we don't participate in the air part. But those are big, big priorities. We have food safety legislation in the U.S., which is now just being enacted. And you have changes going on in other markets around the world. Water is going to become a bigger issue, not a smaller issue. So we think that propels us even in spite of the fact that we already have $87 billion in front of us without any growth. So I don't -- we do not feel like we're sitting here. We think the moves we made entering the Water and Energy business in a material way were smart moves. We think they have long legs. We have a lot to do to fully leverage that move going forward, and our historic business in the food safety business has also got a lot of legs. So I don't feel I'm sitting in a position where we have to make any radical moves to position ourselves for growth. We are a faster growth profile company than we were before we did these acquisitions with Champion and Nalco. And right now, the team's focused on executing, leveraging, making sure we're well positioned to capture all the trends that I just discussed.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's going to be more a first quarter impact and it's foreseen in the still fairly hefty growth target that we gave for the first quarter. But yes, I mean, look, we live in Minnesota. So of course, we don't complain about the weather here. Otherwise, that's all we would do so -- but the rest of the team that lives outside of Minnesota, I hear from them that the weather's been quite difficult around the country. And I guess, I would say it's going to have an impact in the first quarter. It's foreseen there. It's a onetime event. We don't believe it's really anything to worry about for the year. There's going to be some positive offset in the year that, of course, we won't talk about that will offset or neutralize whatever we realize negatively in the first quarter. We'll deal with it.
Douglas M. Baker: We haven't seen that. We've been through a lot of these in the past. They're never much fun because you end up, if you're going to go manage this correctly, doing a lot of things that you don't normally do in business. You want to make sure you shrink receivables before you walk into this. You're on a big, big pricing jihad right after it. And you got to make sure that you manage your customers in the right way for the long term. We were taking all those steps. I would say, typically, we come through these just fine. There's always an unfortunate immediate impact that you really can't avoid completely, and I think the teams have done the right things preparing and managing in the aftermath and we'll continue to do it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we expect mining to be about the same in '14 as it was in '13, maybe modestly better, but not dramatically. And I would say mining is going to -- it's a good business. We have a good position. It has got a cyclical component to it. We'll ride it. It's a very small piece of the overall portfolio, so it's not going to have any material impact on us overall. But the mining team's doing the right things during this period of time, which is securing more share.
Douglas M. Baker: I think we felt like we gained momentum through the year last year in virtually every business. Second half was better than the first half in terms of sales. And certainly as we talked all last year, we had a very strong year in terms of new business productivity, as well as a strong innovation pipeline. So those things, we think, they started bearing fruit through the year and so we left the year, we believe, with better momentum than we, frankly, entered the year last year. So yes, that should pay dividends as we go through this. There'll be some probably near-term noise on what the numbers look like as a result of the weather. But fundamentally, we have more customers. They will buy more stuff this year, and that's the key to making sure you grow the top line and I think we've done a good job in those areas.
Douglas M. Baker: No. The vitality index has remained in the same camp, but I would say some of the new innovation, much of which was launched late last year and will probably be a bigger impact this year from a sales standpoint, is right in the core of what we offer to customers, be it new technology in the Water space base, new technology in F&B, new technology in Energy and in Institutional are all in the biggest categories we sell and have the most influence on yes and no from customers. Last year, I would say you probably had more impact from just good old-fashioned securing new customers. This year, it'll be a little more balanced. We expect to secure more customers and have higher productivity and sales, but we also expect to see bigger benefit out of new innovation, simply because the launches that we made at the end of last year will bear more fruit this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean, I think 2 things. This stuff happens all the time and one of the reasons we typically want to be with the biggest players in the industries we serve is they tend to be the acquirers, and that certainly proved true here. We've got great relationships with both. We will have a great relationship with the new entity once it emerges or post-close. We don't know what the puts and takes are going to be between now and then in terms of any requirements from the government. We've lived that first hand, so we know it's tough to predict. But I guess, I would just call this as probably not something that we're particularly worried about because we think our position is solid and we're in good shape and we'll manage through it. Our goal will be to help Sysco, the new Sysco, succeed as much as we worked to help the old Sysco succeed.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, yes, absolutely. I mean, pension gives a discount rate change, in this brilliant accounting move that we have at a point in time at the end of the year. So yes, it's favorable this year after being unfavorable for a number of years. So I would just say we're clawing back some of the money that we coughed up over the last few years. I would still say pension charges are high relative to actual pension costs because the discount rate, while improved from a P&L standpoint, is still relatively odd given history. So that's the view. I would say the benefit this year, most of it is going to be completely chewed up by FX, puts and takes.
Douglas M. Baker: Look, no. We've not seen any material change certainly in results vis-à-vis, frankly, any key competitor, including Diversey and including Institutional in the U.S. So we continue to take much more business from every competitor, including Diversey than we give up. We're growing at, at least double their rate and we're double their size. So in absolute dollars, it's a considerable growth advantage and we will work hard to maintain that type of advantage going forward because that's what we've worked to do all the years. So it's a big market. It doesn't necessarily mean if Diversey grows that it's going to be at our expense. So as I said, we have a 13 share, and we're the biggest guy. So there's plenty of room in the market. But right now, no, we don't see any impact on our business from Diversey.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, there's a little more in the base. So most -- I would say the vast majority of the actions have been taken in Water and Paper. We do like the product line. We think those businesses are well positioned. We think the team is doing a very good job. I already talked Paper, but I would say that's true in Water. Water sort of started coming out, if you will, from the shadow of some of those exits in the fourth quarter. Hence, you saw a 5% growth rate, which is not that different than we've been telling you Water's been growing at, the change is, you're starting to get out of the shadow. And so we would expect Water and Paper to continue to perform well moving into 2014. And really they are focused on securing new business, getting after leveraging the new technology that they've developed, et cetera.
Douglas M. Baker: Not -- I would say -- you probably did ask me this in '08, '09, and I would have had a different answer then because, of course, we did see, in particular, foodservice and lodging as we were going into the '08, '09 crisis, you typically get guys pushing back on the number of products the buy. I don't -- no, I don't think that's the environment that we're looking at right now or facing. I think what's critical, though, to succeed is you have to really have a very sharp economic story as to why your program makes sense. So what's it going to do from a process standpoint? How is it going to help them make money? How are you going to help reduce Water footprint and Energy footprint? And how does that all add up to a good business proposition for customers? If we do that successfully, we have a very good success rate; and where we get a little sloppy in that equation, it's not a great environment to be sloppy.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I think you covered it. Debt will go down maybe a couple hundred million dollars this year but not -- won't have a big dramatic impact on debt. We will end this year with an EBITDA-debt ratio of about 2 and we're starting to get into the range that we talked about. So this is, if you will, the last year where we will have debt paydown as a priority moving through this other than when debt comes due. And so you'll see share repurchases here, as you just stated and I think Mike indicated in his comments, to neutralize any option redemption, et cetera, so we have a constant share base. But clearly, as we move into '15, '16 and '17, share repurchase will move back on, if you will, the cash used chart as to how we'll think about using cash. In terms of acquisitions, we have money in our plan for acquisitions this year. We are out actively looking for what I would call our traditional bolt-on type opportunities, not just in our traditional businesses, but obviously in Water and in Energy as well. And we would expect that we will start, if you will, rebuilding that pipeline, which we're doing and you'll start seeing the fruits of that in the second half.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we said, we're on or modestly over plan in terms of dollar delivery versus our $150 million target overall. What we're ahead of in a number of areas are the steps that we needed to actually realize these, and also the changes we have to make in terms of benefits and compensation and all the other stuff, that work has been done. It's been introduced. And so as a result, you take a lot of risk off the table when you move through that quickly.
Douglas M. Baker: I think as we walk through it, the end market, we think, is growing in the high single digits and that's really a function of, if you will, new oil, which commands much more of the types of products and services we sell displacing old oil. And as a result of that, we have market growth even in a relatively flat oil environment. And I mean, that's a big heart of the story. So you'd say secret sauce, a big piece of it is our position vis-à-vis new oil and old oil, and that we have outsized share in new unconventional oil, in offshore, in other places where it takes more of our types of services than in the wells that are going dry. And just that move and that shift in mix is a big part of the growth. With that, we continue to work hard to secure new business. I think the team's done an excellent job managing clearly a big integration and keeping their eye on the ball. We have lost virtually no customers as a consequence of this other than those that we were forced to exit as a result of the DOJ ruling. And so I think the team's done a very good job. As we manage going forward, we've talked about this. We're in the production phase of this business. It's not the highly cyclical phase of the business. Hence, you do see fairly steady patterns in this business, which is what we saw historically when we looked at it and what we predicted we would have after we secured the business. And I just think that's what's playing out here. We will have quarters where we will be high single digit, not low double digit like the third quarter, and everybody wondered have we given up the ghost on double-digit growth. We think we'll bounce around high single, low double, but average low double-digit growth in this business for the foreseeable future.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Walking in, I would say we thought it was going to be a benign raw market. If you asked me, third quarter last year, our forecast for '14, I would say we think it's going to be not as benign as we had thought. So we're assuming that we're going to have some raw material pressures throughout the year and we're taking the actions to get after that. But again, I would say that's built into our forecast. So to do what we say we're going to do, we need to continue to get after pricing. We have, by and large, recovered, if you will, from the last raw material run-up. And we are confident we'll offset any raw material run-ups that we see from a dollar standpoint and we'll see on the margin side. But we're pretty confident we have the game in hand and we're assuming probably less favorable raw environment than we thought, if you will, third quarter of last year. But we need to think that way, otherwise, you're not going to get on pricing.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, the downstream business has improved all year. It's not a double-digit growth business, though its growth rate in the fourth quarter -- I'm looking at a chart, I think it was 8%, okay? It was 8%. So that business is performing well, but obviously, it's part of the total portfolio there and that overall business grew at 12.5%. So the rest you can figure out is growing at a faster rate. And I think that's what we'll continue to see, that both our well chem business, which is drilling and additives and our OFC business have been performing quite well. And we would expect to see that trend continue. The downstream business on a stand-alone basis is a very good business and very well run.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think there's a significant opportunity for -- definitely all kinds of technologies there. Certainly, you can think about how do you treat water post frac so that they can reuse it again and we are deploying technologies there. I mean, even some of the antimicrobials I've talked about that Energy took from F&B is being deployed for that purpose in retention ponds and the like. So there are mechanical ways to do it. There are chemical ways. There are new treatments that have been developed that basically create a situation where you could use a lot less water to create the same advantage via the frac. That's probably even more impactful for those running frac-ing operations because they don't need to truck in the water to begin with and they have less to deal with post frac. So there's a host of technologies that we're working on to take advantage of the frac-ing opportunity and the challenges that our customers in that business face.
Douglas M. Baker: 1.35 is our management spot rate, is our forecast. It should be about 1.36 is what we've got the forecast at
Douglas M. Baker: Most people miss this. The second biggest impact we have is, Ecolab trivia for 100, the Canadian dollar. Can you guess that? So there, we've got a spot rate of 91 5.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, a moderation of the growth rate, not negative growth by any means. So no, I mean, it continues to grow. It continues to be -- I even think that outlook's changing with $5 gas and other things that are going on right now. So yes, I would say look, all businesses have their challenges. I think as we look at the Energy business, they're certainly more in the positive ledger than the negative.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Look, we shy away from commenting on that. But I think we've said before, I mean, a big piece of that was Paper. We like our Paper business, but we don't plan to get bigger in that area. So that's just not where we're going to go fish. We think we are -- we have a great team, great technology in the Water business, in the Paper business. We don't feel we're subscale or missing anything. So that's -- we're happy where we are.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we're fairly well positioned in Asia. The program I, mean, it's going to take a while because we want to grow all regions. And so the fastest way to flip a mix is to have a disaster in another region. So our plan is to continue growth in all regions, but have outsized growth in Asia Pacific. So I don't think you're going to see 50% anytime soon, but I do think you'll see continued increase in terms of size of AP relative to the whole Paper business.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we don't disclose profitability by region. But what we would focus on there, Rosemarie, is not necessarily OI. What we care a lot about is gross margin. If you have your gross margins right, then over time, scale will work for you. And we want to make sure that the business we're securing in these new regions is at a gross margin that will ultimately enable us to make a very handsome OI. And so we are very disciplined there. But for periods of time in these markets, we will go with negative OI or very low OI as long as it's just high SG&A and not a lousy GP.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I wouldn't say that. I think we've been in the business because we're good at it and over periods of time, we think this business works for us. But no, I wouldn't call this like there's some kind of strategic pull and you would be penalized in other businesses. So with that said, I mean, the textile business we expect to perform much better in 2014 and it's predicated on understanding of what our new customer pipeline is, both already secured or nearly secured. And so I think that business will do much better in '14.
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, weather would impact. Look, it's going to be U.S. It's going to impact -- our business is exposed to foodservice, food retail and energy, right? Energy, to some extent, not a huge extent, but Energy is going to be impacted, too.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, no. We were -- first of all, I should thank you for the question because I got this question for 12 straight years and I was not able to say this. So we made money in 2013, not just cash, but actual profit, fully loaded. We expect to continue to drive that business and expand its margins in 2014. So the business has been accretive for quite a while and continues to be so. The business is doing well.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think the time frame's over this year. I mean, it's not on Tuesday. So it takes some time to enact this shift. You can call it right away and we have called it. What's driving it? I would say it's where we are in the development. A lot of the cost-saving activity is going to be shifting into the product supply arena, but doesn't have the same direct impact on the organization that some of the other work did. So the organization shift can occur right now and I would say in some of the markets, you're going against a pretty easy comparable. So the market looks a little steadier than it did, say, a year ago.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Look, we're in the low end of our range right now and that's with Europe down modestly and it's 20% of our business. You start getting Europe to move just a point or so, it starts kicking it quickly into the middle of the 6% to 8% organic range and plus. Without Europe, we're already at 8%. So I think that range is a way to think about it. We're going to have businesses that go through some rework at any one period of time. I think the 6% to 8% is sustainable for us. I think you'll see with some bolt-on acquisition work that we may trip over that in terms of reported numbers. But organic 6% to 8% is our target. We think it's the right one. There's opportunity in almost every region in almost every business. And I guess when we start getting pinned in a business where we don't think we can grow it, we start becoming less enamored with it.
Douglas M. Baker: Free cash flow was basically $900 million for the year, up substantially from last year, and we would expect it to be up substantially again in '14.
Douglas M. Baker: Right. So yes. It's as if we owned Champion in the fourth quarter as well. So what we're comparing there is saying if Champion and Nalco were a combined business in Q4 of '12 where we compare Q4 '13 versus that pro forma, we're up 230 basis points.
Douglas M. Baker: In that business, we're seeing the synergies roll through. We can talk synergy numbers. But if I don't see them show up in the P&L, you're not very confident in the addition.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, Mike, you could migrate existing customers over to it, but the focus is going to be on securing new business. So what this does is it positions water in a unique way to go after the Institutional or the light water market. And it gives them a way to compete that no other competitor could compete. So the solid benefits in that industry are very similar to the solid benefits in all the other industries we apply them: easier to handle; much safer; high, high control of costs; lower plastic; bigger sustainability benefit. I mean, it goes on and on. I would say the reaction of customers, once we put this together, has been very favorable. And interestingly, premerger, Nalco worked along an initiative like this, sort of like Ecolab worked on an initiative to duplicate or replicate 3D TRASAR. Ecolab got pinned by the IP. We couldn't quite get there. Nobody else has been able to either. And on the solids, know-how is very important in how you do this, and Nalco didn't have solidification knowledge within their R&D. Clearly, we do now as a combined organization. So what we've really done is, to your point, marry great technologies from both companies to create a new offer. The great thing about the light industry that we're going to go after is high margin, high retention. This used to be big area of emphasis for Nalco if you go back in the '90s, pre-Suez and the rest. And everybody's quite excited about our capabilities there. And clearly, there's great cross-selling because we've got very good share and established relationships in those industries. So it's spot on to what we thought we would do when we made this acquisition, and so this is the type of work that we want to get after because it will grow the business.
Douglas M. Baker: I guess we don't disclose it, but here's how -- I'll just share this, how we think about it. I don't care if our reported gross profit is going down because of mix if all of these subcomponents of the gross profit mix are healthy, which is really the case here. If you looked at fourth quarter and you took out the Energy mix component, we're up about 20 basis points on GP year-on-year. So what's important to us is how's the Institutional GP doing? How is F&B doing? How is Specialty doing? How is Pest doing? How is Water doing? How is Paper doing? And how is Energy doing? If all those GPs are moving the right direction then I don't care if mix because, one's growing faster than the other, has a dampening effect on the reported GP because it doesn't have anything to do with the health of the business. Our equalizer is OI. And OI is a metric that we look at because you have different places. You've got different geographies of the P&L of a pest versus a soap business, et cetera. And OI is the one that we really make sure that we focus on and want to see drop through of all good efforts, and you saw that. You saw it in Energy. Virtually every business we were in last year had nearly a triple-point basis point improvement in OI. And to us, that's really the strong measure we look at. Are we successfully growing top line and creating more leverage as a result of both volume and good efforts inside the business.
