Douglas M. Baker: Good afternoon. Look, I'll make this short, and then we'll open it up for Q&A. I just wanted to add a couple of thoughts. So clearly, we feel good about the start we've had to the year. And as you can see from the forecast, we continue to forecast a very strong year.  Integration is going very well either on a quantitative or qualitative basis. The teams are coming together well. We are on track on our synergy targets, et cetera. So almost on any metric, we feel good about the progress there.  Just as importantly, I could even argue more importantly, our team has absolutely kept its eye on the business, with a very good Q1 result, particularly when you look at growth. We had excellent new business results, which you don't see, which really bodes quite well for the remainder of the year and for next year, considerably higher than last year both on legacy Ecolab and legacy Nalco basis, so excellent pace.  We're also on pace for a record new program launches this year and have a number of large initiatives going out, which also is an important driver, as you all know, for gross profit improvement.  So as a result, we feel very good about our ability to deliver on the year. Our forecast for the year is 16% to 20% EPS growth. And in spite of troubled economies and raw material headwinds, I think we are again on pace to have an excellent year.  So with that as a backdrop, I'll open it up for questions and turn it back to the operator.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Dave, I guess I would call it -- I wouldn't try to read much into this. We have aggressive guidance out there in terms of 16% to 20%. And there's certainly a lot of uncertainty and a lot of time left to play in the year. We feel very confident in our ability to hit, or we would have moved it the other way. We don't raise guidance frequently in this call, and so I really would just say given the nature of the economic situation in parts, raw materials and the rest, we thought discretion was probably the smart play. We are committed to driving this business forward, and we have got a team all over the key issues. So we feel good about the position we're in and what we're going to do this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, David. The only thing is we don't get into big M&A. I think we have a lot of questions about this post-announcement of the deal and pre-close, and I would say 2 things. One, the reason that we felt Nalco was such a fit was really the real strength in water technologies, and as we all shared, we came to really appreciate and understand the strategic value that Nalco brought historically, and in the future, to energy. Paper is a good business, and we always said that we weren't going to get to evaluating Paper at the onset. Our real focus right now is make sure we continue to drive forward. Get integration right, which I think we're doing a great job on, and making sure we focus on driving the fundamentals in the business: new customers, new innovation, taking care of the team, and all those metrics look good. That's the focus for this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Energy has been -- if you go back, and we spent a lot of time understanding the history, some 5, 6 years ago, they embarked on a strategy, which has proven to be one, very smart and extremely well-executed. That's a good combo. It was really going after, for lack of a better term, the new oil for a couple of reasons, right? It's easier to get the business at the onset versus trying to kick somebody out of an already drilled well. And number two, new oil is going to command much more of the technology that Nalco sells. So in terms of a smart strategy in driving share, it was exactly on, and that team delivered against it excellently. That story is not over. And so I don't care if it's tar sands or other unconventional oil, right? These areas and this kind of development is going to require more of the technology that Nalco sells. If you look at year-on-year growth last year, they clearly accelerated throughout the year. And as you look at it, the base is going to get more challenging as we go through the year. First quarter last year, organic was around 15%, and the fourth quarter last year for them was around 24%. So clearly, you're going to be climbing a bit of a base. So that business, we expect to continue to perform very well. We do not expect to regularly put up 29% growth there. We never talked about 29% as the target growth rate, and so we don't expect it. But we do expect a long period of double-digit growth, right? And a very, very good growth in the following quarters this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Nate. This is, I guess, a strategy that the Water businesses deployed for a while, which is make sure that the broad customer base understands the raw material implications and the rest. And so it's not new for the Water business, whereas it may be viewed as something unique for Ecolab. But if people have plays that work well, we're not going to get in the way. I'd say it's too early to tell, but pricing in general has been a focus. It was a focus for the Water and Energy businesses last year. They successfully implemented pricing, which is why you're starting to see the margins come back in those businesses and you see the outsized earnings performance. It's exactly what we thought was going on in that business when we talked to the market post-announcement, so we feel good about that. So yes, Water is on pricing. Energy is on pricing. Institution is on pricing. F&B is on pricing. We do not have a business that's not out there, making sure that they are regularly pushing price as they must in this environment. We do not expect raw material inflation to abate long term. We think we are in an inflationary environment raw materials for the rest of our careers. That's our assumption. It's not a bad thing because if you look at our ability, we have grown OI margin in this inflationary period, I think, every year in the last 5, 6 years. So we don't mind the environment. We just have to continue to execute in it. We think the Energy and Water execution last year was quite good, and all they're doing is looking at continuing that execution.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I don't think there's any major issue there. It's kind of this quarter-to-quarter stuff. Institutional had a very good first quarter, and I would say if you look at 2 things, importantly, as we've talked, we really focus on the field sales, i.e. consumption. Consumption is continuing to improve there. We had a quarter where the reported was marginally above field sales because there's a little inventory build, but Institutional has gotten itself back in organic 6% to 8% growth range, and we'll continue to see it. Kay has some noise sometimes quarter to quarter. We are not worried about Kay. Kay had an unbelievable first quarter result in terms of new business. And so we know that's exactly what Kay needs to do. They hunt elephants, so you will start seeing that reflected in Kay's results as they go out and install these customers.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would. So Gary, we talked about we needed at least 2% growth, right, to see the types of OI margin improvement that we committed to last year in January, when we rolled out what we call internally the Renaissance [ph] program. And that's what we're still seeing. And we still believe that that's the right expectation for the balance of the year is in that range. And so if you look around, not many people had volume increase in the first quarter. I mean, ours is nominal admittedly, but we continue to see some strength, or at least we're holding on the top line. Our expectation for the year is absolutely, we will see year-on-year improvement in operating income margins. Our team there is absolutely committed and continues to forecast in line with our previous commitment of 200 basis points. If I were going to hedge it all, I would say I'm pretty confident the team has got 100 in hand and is fighting up from there. So we aren't really backing off from our commitment. We are going to go drive for 200. I'm absolutely confident we're going to see sizable increases. We hope it's 200.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, there are. They're not going to be -- we also said -- I would say this is more probably next year and the follow-on years. But absolutely, look, you've got office buildings in every major European capital for both businesses. We don't need to -- I mean, it doesn't sound like a lot, but this stuff starts adding up sizably. You got back-office support for both businesses. We're already developing both of these independently, the ability to consolidate these operations, so now we can probably accelerate that. There will be some manufacturing and we already are seeing some purchasing synergies. You've got 2 principal companies in Switzerland, which will go down to one and a bunch of expats in both. So there are real synergy opportunities there that is not in the 100, 200 basis points I just talked about. That would be over and above. But realistically, that's going to be more a story next year, not this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I'd say a couple of things, Gary. I mean, certainly, we've got a new base, and it reflects a number of accounting charges that we're recognizing, which are noncash. But it's a base, nonetheless. And our expectation is you're going to start seeing year-on-year increases in our returns even from this base. I would say the base certainly isn't reflective of cash returns on the business, which everyone here fully understands. And I think in our disclosure, people are interested in those calculations. They'll have the information from us to go calculate them. Now that's preference. We are going to look at both internally and making sure we're doing what we need to do to get the cash return on these investment as well as, long term, the public return numbers.
Douglas M. Baker: I'll be real quick, Dmitry. We lost about $150,000 in that nature first quarter. I think we had signaled, or I had, that first quarter is always, because of the low volume, right, we're going to be right around 0, which is where it ended up. It was considerably better than last year first quarter. And I would say certainly can be in business. It'll make money this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, yes, I mean, it comped positive even in this quarter versus last quarter. It's just a low-volume quarter, so you're down at the water level, right, basically. Now we fully expect Q2, 3 and 4 all to be profitable and profitable for the year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Why don't we do this, if you want real details, negative in Europe, positive in the balance, but pretty minor when you get down to it. And if you want some specific detail, Mike would be happy to provide it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, about what you saw in the first quarter is what you're going to see for the year. I think the forecast for the year is 230, in that range.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, it's in the total. I think it was just frankly how -- we're running out of space on the page. What we're trying to do is make sure we don't knock off businesses, which are, we think, of most interest to our investors...
Douglas M. Baker: And everything, but nothing else there. I mean, Vehicle Care business was down in the quarter, but we expect it was really mostly temporary. Here is where good weather hurts. Vehicle Care needs the perfect weather pattern, but we didn't have it. But for the year, the Vehicle Care business is fine. Textile was roughly flat.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say when they reduce inventory, we don't have terrific answers for you because it's not our decision and I don't have any great ones. It wasn't inducement. I would just say some of this is just kind of year-on-year noise in a quarter. It's a 13-week period. Their measurement of periods don't always coincide with ours, so you get some of this. But we want to call it out when it helps us, when it's favorable as well as unfavorable. The Institutional business underneath has strengthened, like, 5 quarters in a row. We feel very good about the momentum that that business has built, and so we're going to have some of these optic things here and there. But I would say the fundamentals there have improved and are improving, and a lot of it is great work by the Institutional team.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, I appreciate that. Pest has been, as we've said, one of our frustration points because it took us too long to rekindle top line growth. And we stated a couple of times last year that was the real focus. I think the good news is the team's efforts are starting to show up in top line performance. So I'd say we would expect for the year mid-type of single digit-type growth from them. But I think the fundamentals underneath, they are also improving in terms of lost business ratios versus new business ratios. And so that business, we feel, is starting to get traction and feel better about it. Ultimately, we don't have any reason to believe that it's not still upper-single-digit, low-double-digit type growth business. And we aim to get it back there.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess what I would say, we go pick on any raw. Propylene is maybe 2% of what we buy in total as a corporation. So you just got a much bigger pool here in terms of raw material purchase. I think if you really want to go in the broad basket, if you look at what we forecast and expectations, by and large, our forecast matches pretty much with what we had planned for the year. We had stated last year that we were going to relook at methodology for forecasting, either we're getting lucky, but really, as we go through the year, we feel we got a pretty good handle on where this is going to be, and we don't expect it to be a real broadcast story.
Douglas M. Baker: We had a very bullish forecast this year of 0, which we've been called a few times probably for good reasons. I guess the point was the gestation period of this type of work is longer, clearly, than cost synergies, so we will be 0. We already have quite a number of wins. They certainly didn't impact first quarter, but we are on this, I would say we have very favorable reception. We are learning how to put these together in a way that makes the most sense for our customer and drives the most value, what a lot of this early sales work is. And I would say that's where we're concentrating right now on is how do you drive maximum value with the combo, and there's great benefit here. And I would say early work is quite positive, but I don't think this is going to determine or have a real bearing on our year. It is going to be important for '13, '14, '15.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I would say -- meaning, is there a bunch of upside increased utilization? I'm sorry, I'm not tracking.
Douglas M. Baker: I got it. I understand the question. I'm sorry. Yes, it's a very fair question. I would say we have already approved in February board meeting a new plant for the Energy business as a result of this. And it was a plant that was foreseen for a while. We had talked about it even when we announced the deal that this was capacity that was needed. So the first board meeting we had as a combined company, we approved it, and so it's already underway. I would say we've got, we think, adequate plans in hand to meet the demand needs and capacity needs of that business. There is capacity. The manufacturing teams on both sides have done a good job finding more capacity near term. But long term, we think we're okay.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I think we expect that we will continue to have success gaining new pricing from customers as we go throughout the year. You start running into a higher base when you start doing percentage comparisons, but aside from that, I would agree. We anticipate and we will continue to build pricing throughout the year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, you get -- when you got this macro number, you have a number of businesses, regions, all adding up into this number. So we don't have a simple build for you as we go through this. Certainly, you're starting to see some synergies, particularly on the corporate G&A side, no doubt are having an impact here. But we have not stopped driving productivity in our core businesses in any of them, the Water, Energy, Institutional or F&B. In long term, that's the work that's most fundamental to driving improved SG&A ratios. So that is still underway, growing technology, rolling out. If anything, there's going to be real synergies and leveraging each other's technologies to drive further improvement in productivity long term.
Douglas M. Baker: If anything, our guess is that it flips the other way in Q2 and probably gets offset there. It's a guess, it's an educated one, but that's our -- that's what our belief is.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, what we've said our focus is right now is make sure we operate the businesses. We still have bolt-on acquisitions. The biggest way we're going to improve the debt ratio long term is by improving EBITDA, and that's going to be the primary focus. Well, we will end up doing some debt paydown. It'll become a focus next year, in '13.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we would agree. And I think that's true, certainly, in energy and frac-ing, the example you used. But that is also true in the industrial space broadly that the big initiatives in Water need to be how do you create processes which reduce water use to start and then how do you recycle and reuse the water that's still coming out the back end of whatever process you are, whether it's frac-ing, whether it's an industrial process, across the board. So that is a focus area. The frac-ing, specifically, we agree. I mean, there's a number of things that are being worked on along that line, which is -- a lot of the water is coming back out. How do you manage it and handle it? Most of the frac-ing-related contamination concerns you have are really related to post-use water. It becomes groundwater and seeps down 200 feet. It's not the frac-ing water 5,000 feet down, moving up 40, 800 feet, if you will. And so that's an important area, I think, broadly, for that industry because it addresses a key concern and enables them, frankly, to reduce costs in their frac-ing operations because otherwise, you're trucking water in mostly to these operations, which is quite expensive, and neighbors don't like it. It's a big production.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean, look, Steve Taylor and the management team there are excellent, a broad team. And I would say that's really for that team to go figure out. Steve is the guy on airplanes, and those kind of calls, I mean, we work with them, but really, to me, that's the Energy team's call.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, the immediate benefit that we see leveraging TRASAR in what I'll call historic Ecolab businesses is really much more in the F&B space. Then next would be in the Textile Care and some of the other. And so that's the immediate focus, and there's a lot of work being done around that specifically. And so when I was asked earlier about growth synergies, it's really how do you best tie in the technology, leverage the technology and put the service elements together to bring maximum benefit to customers. And TRASAR is at the center of that. It is excellent technology.
Douglas M. Baker: We have it, but it's not -- there are more specific shows. So that is not what we'll be showing there, but we have a number of innovations. Ultimately, we think TRASAR, as we learn how to do it, will benefit Institutional. But that's down the road. Our immediate focus is F&B.
Douglas M. Baker: It's really just simple. We're going through a transition in that business, where previously, it's the only business where we conducted service with what you call contracted folks, not our won employees. The business has such a scale, and to move forward, we're moving that into our own employees. And so how you handle these expenses is quite different, and it shows up in SG&A. And it's just as really as much a geography issue on the P&L as anything else. But it's several hundred people migrating over. That's what's going on.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, the EOR had big growth rates, but it's a relatively small business in total for us. So it was up probably 50%, but it's the law of small base. EOR and everything else, we expect that to be a very good business long term. It is not dictating the fortunes of the Energy business or Ecolab in total right now.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, Institutional had a huge first quarter in terms of new account wins. Legacy Ecolab was up almost 50%. Institutional is leading the pack. So I don't know if I have year-on-year. These are large corporate accounts. They had a very good quarter, which is a lot of work that's been going on for a while. But I would say on a number of metrics, Institutional looks healthy. It is a big business. It's doesn't jump up or down quickly. But you can see strong sequential improvement over the last 5 quarters, and we expect it to have a very good year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, we don't throw a list of new account wins with specifics, but most of the new business wins, and it was several, were in the FRS business. Suffice it to say where Kay's growth is right now, it's Fast Food internationally, outside U.S. U.S. is doing fine, but really, where the high growth is, strong double digit, outside the U.S. And food retail still is gaining share at a very, very fast clip, frankly, everywhere.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, price in Paper was pretty strong. Honestly, in the quarter, it was up 4% year-on-year. On a dollar basis, it did offset its raw materials, not to the point where it offset it on a margin basis. But the story, as we always said, was really the Paper, Water and Energy businesses is very similar to the Institutional and Food & Beverage businesses, which is year one, typically, you're trying to neutralize, on a dollar basis, raw materials via price, and you'd catch up in subsequent years on margin. That pattern has played out for Ecolab for a while, and as we said, the execution on Energy and Water this last year were excellent, and so we see the same pattern moving there as well. So Paper had pretty strong price performance. Paper's real challenge was volume. That was in 2 regions. It was in China, where we had pretty sizable slowdown in manufacturing, which stops corrugated temporarily. We don't think China is a perma problem. So that's probably a pothole that we're going to get out of. And then you have Europe, which has been much more long-term, secular, and we all know Europe's challenges. And Europe's not going to come back nearly as fast. In other parts of the world, Paper was fine, really, when you look at it. So those are really -- that will be the landscape of the Paper business.
Douglas M. Baker: I'd say on gross profit across the business, we are going to be showing year-on-year gross margin improvement on every business by Q3 and in most businesses, Q2, right, including Paper. So midyear is where we'll all have this crossing point, where you start seeing year-on-year gross margin spread versus last year. In some businesses, it's a few months earlier. In some, a few months late. But that -- pick July 1 as kind of your demarcation point, you're going to be more or less right.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, I still like it. I mean, I would say we feel very good about conversations. We've closed business already in every region, in fact. So yes, no, I think we remain quite confident in our ability to go drive continued growth across legacy businesses but also get after the synergy number that we've talked about.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, EBITDA this year, $2.3 billion. CapEx, in the 1.7 -- yes, CapEx is $600 million, sorry. So you can do the math.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. You know what, that contract really wasn't that material to this growth rate yet. It's a long-term contract and is really just starting to come on and so was not that material at all. I'll call it almost immaterial to the quarter. So that business is in front of us. We're not in the middle of it.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, more second half. Probably where we start seeing benefits, that would start registering. I think one, it's kind of funny to be apologizing about high-teens growth, so I'll try not to become apologetic. I think the high-teens growth is excellent expectation, and it's fundamentally that, as I mentioned earlier, you start out with your base last year around 15 organic and end up at 24 organic. So you're simply going against a larger base. If you compare it against 2010, you can still see very strong improvement in terms of overall growth.
Douglas M. Baker: All right. OI trivia for 100. I'm getting there. I'm trying to look at the 2 because some of the landscape has changed. It's going to be in the middle teens-type range as a starting point. And obviously, in every one of our businesses, we expect to be able to generate operating income margin leverage going forward. It's the #1 driver for improved returns on capital, right? I mean, it's the happiest part of the equation, and so we would expect -- so that's going to be about the base that we expect to be able to build those margins here on out from here.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say the new business -- I mean, look. Certainly, Diversey is our largest single global competitor in our Food & Beverage and Institutional space. And so certainly, some of the new business success came from a nonexclusive way. And we really don't get into where exactly it came from, but I would say it came from a variety of competitors.
Douglas M. Baker: In this quarter, they were negative. I think it was less than negative 1 point. And in our expectation, obviously -- the first quarter for Europe is a very small volume quarter. So it's always the one that's really bouncing around in terms of plus, minus. For the year and each quarter going forward, we expect, one, to make money and, two, to have daylight on a margin basis between this year and last year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I would say if you got into -- Energy, it depends what forecast we're going to look at. Energy was stronger in the quarter than forecast. But I would say I wouldn't consider a surprise by how the quarter came in. We had a few positives. Institutional ended up -- a business we've been forecasting for, I think, since 1923 was a little stronger in the quarter as well. I mean, it's an aggregate, and I think the process that we're going through as we do this to make sure that we have a handle on the business. And so we had a little bit better than we forecast in total, which we think is more positive than negative. But I don't think it's a sign that we're having difficulties forecasting.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, first, all I'll say that we never had a team report to me that doesn't think they're under-resourced in every region of the world, so that's like a truth no matter what the situation is. But the straight answer is, look, we're running regular surveys of team, how we're doing, where are we. We're capturing the hearts as well as the minds as we go through this. The surveys have been quite positive about the work that's out there. I think these are important things to understand, and so that part is, right now, quite positive. And I always say right now because we don't take it for granted going forward. We need to continue to earn trust and make sure that we're doing the right things as we go through this. I think the team has done a great job. And the #1 focus for us is don't lose sight of what is important, which is driving organic sales growth. And we can't use integration as an excuse. And if there's a strength in this culture, it is we do not believe in excuses. We have to understand challenges, but we are going to find a way to overcome them and deliver them. And that is core to our culture. And I think the team, all teams, WPS, Energy, Institutional, F&B, have really done a good job keeping their teams focused on customers and growth, while we have a dedicated team and many of the G&A functions are very busy doing very good integration work. And so the division has worked, and we plan to continue to go that way. We got big integration work to do. It is not going to distract us, and I think the first quarter is a good indication of that.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, our expectation on Water -- you know what, first, the quarter is the quarter, and the first quarter is always the droopiest quarter on margin comparisons for us because of the volume, including in Water and the rest. Our expectation and Water forecast is Water will see year-on-year margin expansion this year on OI, as well, I think, virtually every one of our businesses as we go through this. I would say we aren't satisfied with anybody's margin if you really get down to it because we think they all can be improved over time. And so I think coming into it, if you would talk to Erik and Dave last year, they would have said we believe margin in Waters can be improved over time. We share that. We believe the plan they've been following, and we are helping execute now, along those lines, will bear fruit. And we think Water margins, over time, will show improvement, starting with this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No, we are still -- we like our Healthcare business. And I think the moves that we've made in the last 18 months or so have been very positive. Healthcare profit, if you start looking at the global enterprise, is now quite attractive. We've made some very smart acquisitions. We've integrated quite successfully. We had ambitious plans, and we're beating them. Our Healthcare team is absolutely all over organic growth and starting to show trend improvement in those areas, too. So I think there's a lot of natural interest in the "new part of Ecolab," but it's not because Healthcare isn't important to us. Now you talked about temporary challenges. Yes, no doubt, you've seen the numbers. Surgeries are down recently and everything else. There's a number of uninsured folks, but long term, we think the trends of aging population trump, right, any near-term trend you have on healthcare costs kind of abating. If we're wrong, Healthcare won't grow as fast. It will just grow a little slower, but we will have peak savings in our healthcare costs. So I know we'll be okay.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think, Rosemarie, I mean, it's going to take a while. I mean, this business doesn't just jump. I mean, it's a business -- it's a contract business that you sell customer by customer. So we expect it to take -- honestly, I mean, I don't expect we're going to be there, at the earliest, until 2014. With that said, we expect to see continued improvement in sales, and that's going to also drive continued improvement in operating income. So it's not like there's going to be any sad news between here and there. It's just going to need to build sequentially over time. What do we need? I mean, they're on it. It's going to be driven by innovation and execution. It's the same 2 fundamentals that drive all the rest of the businesses. It's what the team is on. And with the innovation they're starting to drive, it will start enabling them to go command share gains. And without that, you can't sustain growth. And so that's why we put so much emphasis on our product pipelines, what we're doing, what we share, when we're doing well there because we think it is at the heart of our success. And Pest is now on it. They got a good pipeline. They have to go execute.
Douglas M. Baker: No. Well, as I indicated, we don't expect the issue, and it was specifically China, that the issue in China is -- we don't believe it's a long-term issue. So we agree with you. Is that -- would we like more share there? Well, sure. I mean, absolutely. But the issue was -- there was a temporary issue in China manufacturing. We didn't make this up, right? This is pretty widely discussed across the board, and I think if you start looking at probably results of other places, you'll see some of the same thing. But we do not expect it to be a long-term story.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, I mean -- I would say broadly, I don't think this was a huge surprise to the Nalco team. So Erik had huge respect in the team, but the team has been adjusting to this and understands this for months now, right? We announced in July of last year. So while the date was probably a surprise, because nobody could predict exactly that, I don't think the staff was surprised.
Douglas M. Baker: Oh, no. I would just say I think the team -- I think there was a broad expectation. Look, this is one of the likely outcomes. We learned the day before quite officially that we announced. We had a legal obligation to announce something like that. No, I'm just saying that, look, we're both of same age. We end up not having co-CEOs in many organizations. We certainly weren't going to have one here. And so I don't think this is a surprise to the Energy or WPS team, so they had months to adjust to this. And so I don't think this is really new news with -- the date was news but not the fact that Erik was more likely not to be here long term. Erik did a great job. I will have to say and I would like to share it in an announcement. He really handled this incredibly well. And so we worked very hard -- we worked a lot together last year, particularly post announcement. He was hugely helpful. One of the reasons I think we're off to a very strong start is the work that Erik's done. And so I appreciate what he's done. So I'll miss him, and I think everybody will miss him, but I don't think it was a real surprise.
Douglas M. Baker: Okay, I'll tell you what. Why don't we follow up offline because it's more of a technical question. I'd have to take a look at the numbers with you. So let's take -- I'll call you back.
Michael Monahan: And John, the NRA Show is more about the kitchen area than it would be about the boiler and cooling tower. So as you know, 3D TRASAR is already at hotels or in hotels for the boiler and cooling tower, but the NRA focus is much more on the kitchen side.
Michael Monahan: And Andy, that growth in Energy is across all the segments of it. So it's a strong overall business, not led by any one particular contract or piece.
Michael Monahan: All right, everybody, thank you very much. And there are no further questions, so thanks, everyone, for your participation. If you have any questions, please follow up with us. Have a good day.
