Doug Baker: Thanks Mike and hello to everybody. So, my headline for the quarter in the year would be our underlying business performance was very good and it’s getting better. So all segments are growing share, all segments are executing very well, we had record new business in the quarter and that follows a huge year last year, we’ve got excellent innovation programming in almost every business all segments have strengthened their teams that are doing the things they need to do built the culture. In all segments we’re accelerating from Q1 versus Q4 with the exception of energy. So, what’s new in the forecast, I guess I would point out three things.  Number one; the energy markets are clearly more challenging than previously anticipated. Rigs of our declined further and faster rig counts in North America in particular, we’re not expecting energy to show a modest decrease on the top line any flat to modest increase on the bottom line for the year. Offsetting the energy news, now it’s a equally or more important is affect that the balance of our business will do better than originally forecasted. We’re capturing the raw materials saving driven by lower oil with benefiting from improved institutional markets driven by cheaper gasoline, beyond the plus side of the oil impact we’re also seeing as previously mentioned business acceleration or emerging markets were up double digits Europe top line accelerated was up 5%, 3% without energy. There is a lot of good news in our businesses around the globe.  Our EPS delivery promote businesses at fixed rate remains at 15% which is exactly what our forecast was last call. The major optic impact the third if you will piece of news is really FX. And so this certainly colors a result, but I don’t believe this is a strategic issue for our business because most of our cost are incurred in the selling currency, but this does not dictate our competitiveness when we compete around the world. I also believe based on history it’s almost certainly going to reverse itself someday. We’ll probably all enjoy that.  The perspective in our forecast FX is a $0.30 hit for the year or 7% that is $0.04 worse than the last call. The perspective around $0.30 this is 40 times worse than our 10 year average move, so this is truly outsize it is 3x worse than our next highest impact over the last 10 years. So I think it’s hard to wrap minds around this. We’ve been dealing with this for a while and it certainly has a big impact on how results look. The important thing is that we want to continue to focus on what we need to do to drive our business, drive value and drive returns. And as our FX forecast implies, I think the team is doing a lot of good things.  At constant FX, our new forecast is 14% to 17% adjusted EPS that compares to the last forecast of 14 to 19, net we trim the top that really reflects the belief that we aren’t going to see any material improvement in our markets in time to impact this year. So we do anticipate the mid to upper-teen performance ex-FX. Clearly I think the team is doing a right stop to focus on the things to drive value and returns. They all will renew business. They all will renew innovation. We know these are the two drivers of organic sales acceleration and that’s a primary driver of improved returns.  We’re doing a great job on team and talent building. We’ll continue to invest in both and we continue to make sizable investments in process and system improvements which we know are key to our long term health. So we continue to be well positioned. We continue to build market position. I feel great about our ability to delivery another strong year, while improving ability of the business to perform over the long haul. So with that, I’m going to turn it back to Mike and then we’ll go to Q&A.
Doug Baker: Yes in our institutional business in the segment there are other businesses besides institutional grew 7% in the quarter and clearly I would say I think like a point of the acceleration is probably just market improvement as a consequence of lower gasoline particularly in the U.S. where it’s fully reflected because currency hasn’t eroded simultaneously. And I would say though the other acceleration and you’ve seen steady acceleration quarter by quarter for the last five plus quarters is really a consequence of continued driving – I mean continually driving new business performance. Last year I think we talked about when we looked at net new business gains when you look at on annualized contribution we were up 45% versus the prior year. I mean we glued out of the water institutional is one of the real leaders in that whole area. We’re up another 10% cumulatively in the first quarter versus last, that’s netting our losses, so we’ve really I think done a very good job there, but clearly we are gaining share. I think it’d be hard to argue that the food service and hospitality businesses are growing at 7%. So we are I think outperforming. Europe grew an institutional roughly 3% when it controlled for divestitures almost in every market we see real strength.
Doug Baker: Yeah, I mean I guess, you would certainly argue that the first quarter basis a little easier that we have forecasted previously. So I think I would speak to, if you think oil is going to stay in the same range as it is now through ’16, which is what our assumption is. And we think energy next year recovers in this call it mid, it’s mid-single-digit growth and that’s going to be accelerating throughout the year.
Doug Baker: Well, I think is a couple of things, a lot of new touch on. But I guess, I would highlight one of the things that we said we want to drive when we bought the WPS business was really leveraging Ecolab’s now how on enterprise selling in that market. That business and team done a lot of really solid things we’ve obviously stole in a lot of their processes and apply them our businesses, but one of the things that we wanted to transfer, if you will 1 WPS was the enterprise selling, view, skills and focus that we have an F&B institutional --. And I think we’re doing a very good job of doing that, we’ve taken a number of their top sales people, we’re taking them through the same skill development that we’ve taken Ecolab both through the years, but we have a broader based. So that’s one and I would say we’ve done better on training and better on fundamentals. Second is innovation and so a lot of the things that we’ve been working on over the last five to seven years that are now -- are really getting innovation with a very sharp point and that point is we will give you world class results but we’re do it and reduce energy and water footprint. And that resonate I’d say in good and bad time, I’d say every business is got pretty aggressive sustainability goals, we can help need those while delivering cost savings and continued to their foot safety and/or efficacy performance objectives and that’s become I think even more relevant particularly the new types of environment where we’ve got water scarcity energy concerns and like around the world.
Doug Baker: Yes, without a doubt, we’ve got a team of over a 1,000 California focus right now and delivering our world class water technology solutions throughout the industries that we serves, I don't and care if it’s light industry like hospitality or light manufacturing all the way to heavy industries. We are all over the situation there. The edit from governor ground or the 25% savings, it’s really focused on 25% of the water users, because so far agree it’s been sort of off on the side line, but that 25% is at the hard of what we do. So we’re all over trying to help them one at least need that target is probably going to have to do better that than long-term and make sure that they can get the water if they need to operate.
Doug Baker: Well I guess I would say one let me enter a little bigger – from a little bigger perspective. Like our operating model I think it’s proven its resilience, so our forecasted delivery if you will from our combined institutional, industrial, energy and other segments hasn’t changed on iota. So our energy softened, the other businesses strengthened, some of its exact mirror reflection of the same issue and so we basically said while we have a bias towards higher oil prices, it is not a huge bias and we will perform well in the low oil environment or a high oil environment. For this year, we anticipate operating delivery EPS to be around 15% which is exactly what we forecasted in the last call. So I don’t know if there’s any question about the resilience. I think we’re seeing it come through. If you look at energy in particular look I think the team is on exactly where you’d want them to be on. Energy is more cyclical if our cyclicality means basically flat sales in Ol at the bottom of the trop I don’t know how you called it cyclical. If you draw it on a graph, it’s a flat piece of a graph before you start going up again. And that’s exactly what we anticipated, that’s what we talked about that we saw when we did the analysis of the last drop in ’08, ’09 it’s basically what we’re forecasting right now and the team is on new technology we’ve got some great new launches. We’ve got stuff that’s going to make fracs much more efficacious while reducing water substantially and this is exactly what this industry needs. I think we’re going to be positioned with more sail when the wind starts blowing in our direction and that’s what the team is focused on. So I don’t know I think the model is doing pretty well. You got to get under the covers if there’s down FX news and look at the underlying business and I guess I would only offer this, if FX was a $0.30 help I think you guys would be looking deeply to say how the heck is the core business performing. And I think those are the fundamental questions to long term value that have got to be asked and I think when they’re asked and addressed here they look pretty good.
Doug Baker: We’re seeing pricing pressure fairly broad it was anticipated because it’s not that similar from pricing pressure that is been realized by that business in other downturns. Right now I would say that pricing pressure which we would love to have none is close to forecast. And so the closer you are well head the higher the pressure in the business simply because that’s where it’s more acutely felt in that industry but this pressure throughout. 
Doug Baker: Yes. In the quarter it was more a mix issue in paper, I think the good news is we saw paper fuel sales rebound obviously it was a negative for majority of last year and so we thought about 2.5% growth in this quarter. For the year our anticipated margins in paper are going to be we think it they’ll up. 
Doug Baker: We don’t see any capital impact in our business or any material change versus what we’ve talked about going forward and in terms of investments in energy if we talked about investments in the first quarter some of that were investments made last year as we lap first quarter. But we aren’t adding headcount obviously in the energy business this year. So, we are going to have material investments in terms of SG&A. we are continuing to investment in innovation because we believe that is core to our advantage in that market we will continue to see investments there. 
Doug Baker: I think before we thought they would be down 30 to 40 for the year, they already down at that rate right now and now they’re forecast out there of 50% to 60% decline pretty good in North America. I mean, we’re going to be, we are going to present ourselves as the lead forecast either rig count and/or certainly oil price as we go forward. But certainly I think, you can’t read a player in the energy industry world that as I comment that the decline of which has surprised them in terms of debt and speed and we would add our ourselves to that room which I’d say is full of people.
Doug Baker: Well, I can’t, yeah and I guess, I would see room for upside too. Right now the forecast that we have is our best estimation of 50-50. And I would say in total from an operating standpoint as I million earlier or forecast in total have changed. So the elements of change, energy got worse and the other business is got better, net it’s about -- and all I know was next time we’re talking, we’ll have some changes in our forecast, but I don’t believe our forecast on operating performance for the year in total is highly risks.
Doug Baker: Yes, by and large most of its optics it’s translation of locally generated operating profit translated back in the dollars. Now with that said, there are certainly some items that we manufacture in one currency and selling another. And we are looking in all those items, you got to be very careful not to change currency. And so if we can see that we can safe money under any currencies scenario, we will make the moves. If it is a move dependent on a strong dollar, you got to be very careful, because by the time you finish executing the dollar can reverse sign and you are now unhappy for a different reasons. So we’ve been through this next 40 or in 88 that Euro I mean we’ve seen both over our in-time operating these businesses and all I know is going to change again, I just can’t tell you when. So we when operate in the smart way and not chase currency, but certainly there are sub situations that we’ll require us addressing we’ll make sense in today’s environment and even in tomorrow.
Doug Baker: Yes, look I mean what we always get push back and pricing that sort of the given. But we’re seeing one to two pricing in the balance of the segment X energy, which is what we expected.
Doug Baker: Well, I would say we gave, our forecast on raw material benefit for the year remain the same it was last call. And when we gave the chart last time I think we dictated how it’s going to show up first quarter and second half and obviously it was remaining of the year waited as I discussed in the previous question. We have not broken it out if you will by segment nor do we plan to do that, so in the first quarter it was roughly a nickel. We anticipate it to be $0.32 for the balance of the year, so $0.37 in total.
Doug Baker: Well the big wins that we highlighted in late last year and are clearly the driver for the growth acceleration were around the environmental hygiene offering or the program that we’ve developed to reduce infections contracted in hospital by patients and importantly we think that’s a program that we want to continue to focus on and drive and leverage because it’s our anchor program much like if you will, dish machine or ware-washing it’d be an anchor program and institutional or CIP and F&B et cetera. So the fact that we’re seeing success there I think bodes well because that’s basically what you’ll build-up of to drive further penetration as you move forward. So I think healthcare showed improvement, the year has shown improvement in the fourth quarter which was consistent with the timing we talked about last year during this call that we wanted to work on our fundamentals in 2014 I think the team did a good job. We started showing benefits at the end of the year and you saw that was a 5% top-line growth in this quarter in healthcare which was certainly better than we saw last year.
Doug Baker: Yes I mean some have been pushed out and delayed I would say we are having still significant success securing new CapEx projects which you’re right it’s been a core part of the strategy and a successful part. We’re not walking away from that. The team has secured a lot of business this year. That business won’t come on until in many cases even ’18 and ’19 that’s the type of pipeline that we have here, but we feel good about what they’re doing. A lot of the CapEx that was if you will initiated several years ago that we had secured. Some has been delayed. Some of it is coming on obviously offshore continues to move on and progress. You’ve built the big piece of CapEx. You’re going to go deploy it. The money is already sunk and so that continues to move forward. What we’re seeing mostly is a huge decline in unconventional onshore and that’s where you have a lot of the pressure. It is the part of the industry that can move with the market and does move with the market probably most rapidly but that’s where the most the queue pressure is.
Doug Baker: I think when we it’s certainly going to have an impact on a number of important customers of ours. Typically when you end up with shortage of one protein consumers adjustments are buying more of another protein and our exposure across protein sources is pretty wide. So, I don’t anticipate it’s going to make the call.
Doug Baker: I think you start doing is annualizing against the very significant reaction and decline and activity. I think you’ve got a couple other things happening, you’ve got some 4,000 wells that are temporary capped, people going to have to deal with this because they have about 12 months under current law to get after these and deal with it which means Q4, Q1 activity. Our guess is the majority of those, we’re going to be brought online, the pricing pressure that we are filling now or annualize against and that’s -- and you’re going to have constant to mannerly increased production next year versus this year. But you won’t have the price pressure that we have going on this year so you could see better sales from that and ultimately we even thinking downstream. We had some minor impacts in Q1 this year from the refinery strikes which were over and we will again annualize against next year. 
Doug Baker: The majority of this impact is coming from cost plus contracts that we have with major energy supplier. So when our energy prices go down and oil and raw material inputs go down as a result that ends up reflecting in the formula and worse when energy and raw materials go up it’s going to be reflected in the pricing because that’s the arrangement we have with those customers.  So, it’s not like we negotiated the price decrease we’re going to have to renegotiate price increase in most of these cases, most of its formula here. 
Doug Baker: A significant portion of it, there are some that would a give back on price but the vast majority is contractual. 
Doug Baker: I remain optimistic, there is a number of things and number of opportunities that we’re chasing some of them quite a ways long in the process. So, I still remain bullish on being successful in this environment making some key acquisitions. 
Doug Baker: What I would say, food safety in general is food producers are always constantly on high alter and nature has its ways. It’s a difficult game and on the producers by and large doing a amazing job if you look at the number of meals served. Just take it in this country and the number of incidents, it is an amazingly low number given number of meals consumed, With that said, I don’t think this is a big trend, I don’t think vigilant way, I don’t think it’s turn in the United States up, because I think it’s in a high level. I do think in emerging markets you’re going to continue to see height in awareness, height scrutiny and height in consumption, but that’s mostly were you’re going to see it.
Doug Baker: Yeah about the same really on top-line both very good. North America, which I think we talked about a couple of years ago with disappointing, is really done a good job rebuilding their sales acceleration. They’ve made a lot of, I think very smart investments with the team. There is a lot of improvement from their business. I’m very bullish on what past team is done and the outlook. And particularly our North America, we done have the same if you will turn down internationally that business is remain consistently strong.
Doug Baker: Yeah, I would say CIP opportunity is beyond food and beverage exists and certainly pharmaceuticals would be a good example there others as well. And that’s exactly how we look at extensions. So either try to sell more to the existing markets. So you try to follow your technology to its natural end. And so certainly that would be an example of an area that you could push CIP and do.
Doug Baker: Yeah, I think we mentioned or I did Europe sales were up 5% or 3% X energy for the quarter. Which is substantially higher than we’ve announced and quite a while in Europe. I think you reflects exactly what you talked about, we have, we will behind in innovation in Europe was a consequence of our EBS/SAP program. We’ve got free to product line for a couple of years, while you’re putting that just in place that has unfrozen, we’ve been launching our technology over there for the last couple of years starting to make headway in particular in both F&B and institutional. And so that one of the reasons that you’ve see sales acceleration in Europe. We expect sales to be positive for the year in Europe and it’s really as a result of the new business which attribute in -- innovation.
Doug Baker: Yes, the real pressure in that business really is in the production phase. It’s closer to the wellheads. It’s in our WellChem business. The WellChem business isn’t a people intensive business I’d say a production or OFC business or our downstream business. There are certainly costs that we continue to take out. There is much a part of the synergy program that was put in place with Champion as they are anything else. We certainly are accelerating some of those moves as a consequence of the market, but really it’s still in line with what we anticipated creating once we got through the synergy moves with Champion. And so G&A rightsizing that and doing all those things, we are looking at how do you accelerate it, but in line with anticipated ultimate goal that we saw once we put Champion and Nalco energy together. So are there opportunities in the field? Yes they’re small. We tend not to go, we don’t want to create a overreaction in that business too. I think I would remind you we expect sale to be roughly in line with last year. We’ve got this monstrous degradation in activity in our business like there are in other businesses and so I would call this not a decline, but sort of a pause in the growth and we anticipate re-growing next year and that’s how we’re managing the business.
Doug Baker: I’m saying again it’s a lot of model flush. North America is about 60% of our business in total and then when you look at the balance you’ve got fairly little more in Latin America, Middle-East Africa would be next and then AP. Okay as you balance out the other regions, Europe is really North Sea type production. If you want to look at the rest of the business roughly WellChem was 17% last year it’s probably going to drop to about 15% this year and then you really split the rest you’ve got about 60% production phase and then the balance is downstream. That’s how…
Doug Baker: Yes I believe I’d say this way working capital one of our highlight in the quarter and it’s something that we’re all over as a team so there’s three buckets. One you pointed out was receivables. That was really just a handful of large customers. It was a timing issue. All those have been resolved. That is not a systemic issue at all. And there was a couple of energy but a couple of other customers it wasn’t exclusively energy but those payments came and it was really just timing at the end of the quarter. You’ve also got inventory. I would say you got two things going on inventory, one energy inventory build because we weren’t able to turn production off as quickly as the business declined and as we previously mentioned the business declined quicker than we anticipated, so call that 30 million bucks in inventory. That will get out of the system, but that’s going to take a couple of turns to do as we go through. And then you’ve got payables and payables was higher I mean it sucked up more of our working capital. It’s probably easiest to say that was an internal different execution that we don’t plan on repeating. That would be the [indiscernible] get to that, so working capital for the year I think we will be moving in the right direction and we also have I think very good plans we have very favorable cash flow for the year.
Doug Baker: I don't think you cannot make up the complete bill. I guess if we assume that the businesses really go double digit topline and extend margin and have 15% -- bottom line forever, you can never make it up. But that was never our forecast. We always knew when we bought this business. We you it should be overall of faster growth business, top and bottom, but was also going to go through some oil cycles where like '08 - '09, we thought we are going to see a pause in sales in OI growth. I guess next year, as I mentioned earlier, mid-single-digit top, double-digit bottom -- if oil stays, I don't know 60 plus-minus range for another year after that, I would expect it will be accelerating growth in '17 even with the kind of oil forecast. Most conventional guesses is oil will probably rise over time. I don't think we are going to be completely different upon it. But if it does, I think it's going to be a benefit for the business.
Doug Baker: As I mentioned earlier in Europe, the changes like, I don't know, down one up one. It's not the most dynamic economy right now. It's hard for us to feel exactly the effects of those small moves. I would say we think it's more on our back and I think we stated before it we are flat. It was more focused on margins, trying to hold sales, so we can get the P&L for the future so that when we grow we get leverage. And right now I would say it's more of our efforts than the market.
Doug Baker: We always wish you had these huge file drawers full of money ideas, I mean we have several, I wish we had more, like every CEO in the land. Now I would say we were pushing -- I think the team is doing a great job. I used the analogy last time that you know if it's a plain ride we are going to land in the right city on time, but it could be a turbulent ride. And I think the team is managing through a lot of turbulence. Making sure that you capture all these raw materials, and they show up in the P&L isn’t like a layout. I mean we had purchasing on suppliers early securing the business, we have to make sure the R&D that had shown up in the mix properly, and then we understood the impact. The supply chain has been all over this. Our team is within all over it. It has been a lot of incremental effort. Meanwhile, we continue to drive new business and innovation. So I think the team has managed this very successfully and I think it does -- if anything I think were showing the robustness of the model, you are a work through the damn clouds of FX. If you do it you'll see it. There are still huge margin opportunities. We'll talk synergies for one more year. We are then going to flip and no longer use the word synergy and start talking cost savings. But the cost savings that are out there is a consequence of both a Nalco merger and the Champion deal, still remains, they're are still significant. Because you really -- it takes a long time to get after the supply chain savings.  It takes a long time to get after some of the regional savings. Because he got to implement systems, and when you're running two systems and you have two legal entities that precludes capturing some of the savings that you would normally get after, and doing that in a sensible way just takes time. And we didn't see any reason to create undue risk that could create havoc with our customers so we have done this over -- I think a very thoughtful period. But you're going to see those benefits show up in the business, which is why we talk our model. 60 is organic, 2 to 3 additional points from acquisition, and collect 50 basis points to 75 basis points a year in leverage. That's how you continue to drive. And other things you're flipping in our favor. So we do like our position. I think we're executing quite well. I think will do well, not only this year, but in the coming years.
Doug Baker: The industry margins we anticipate continued to strengthen some. Some is just a consequence of seasonality where we always had better margins in the other years, but you also get to see some raw material benefit as we discussed in the other business flow through and these businesses as well. So I think innovation, raw material flow through and volume, you'll see margin increase for the year.
Michael Monahan: Thanks Doug. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 18th. Looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2015 Investor Day in Saint Paul on September 10. If you have any questions, please contact my office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question and answer period.
Michael Monahan: Yes I think you got it Gary its continued strong sales performance from the non-energy segments. The energy as we already forecasted and you’re right, the raw material savings grow as the year goes simply because it takes a while for it to work through inventory. And so we anticipate that we will have significantly more benefit in Q2, Q3 and Q4 than we had in Q1.
Michael Monahan: No I mean clearly it will add a point or two of growth, it’s not going to add 8 points of growth but it’s a very important metric because it basically – we’re going head to head versus competition who’s winning and so we look at this metric and then work very hard to understand how we’re doing in each of our businesses and versus key competitors because at the end of the day also the business is going to be dictated by how successful we are securing new business and obviously keep our existing customers. So for us it’s one of the leading indicator metrics that we look at, where we get to health of innovation portfolio, the health of the team and also just strength of our overall metrics to customers is resonating or not. But ultimately we’re epic growth driver but it’s not on outsized, but a point or two every year comes from this. 
Michael Monahan: It’s a broad based, I would say we reenergize the focus here, I think we also supplemented with stronger training in development focused for our corporate account professional who are the ones who lead this charge and I think it’s a combination of those plus as I mentioned earlier innovation. And really at the end of the day what’s new, what you’re talking to customer about, what is the benefit of moving to us. That’s going to be obviously pretty going stronger, you’re not going see new business results like this. 
