Douglas Baker: I want to offer a couple of thoughts and then I will open it up for questions. So our view on this quarter is that we got off to a very solid start for the year. Sales are on track. Last year's new business and new product successes really helped us drive core acceleration, particularly shown in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing. New initiatives are also accelerating, so we are getting more than 20% growth from our water energy and waste in emerging markets, plus 18% from U.S. healthcare, and that’s 8% without acquisition impact.  Our P&L, ROI is also moving our way. Europe initiatives are on track with Q1 margin of 80 basis points versus last year. The battle is really around raw materials, which have become clearly a stiffer headwind than they were the last time we talked to you in February. Though right now, at our forecast rate, they're still substantially below 2008 from a year-on-year impact basis. So like before, we will likely see early margin pressure from the raw materials but we are also quite confident in our ability to recover. First, recover absolute dollars and then start recovering margin in out years as we have done in previous years. In that, we feel good about the business, accelerating top line. We see improving bottom line. Major initiatives are on or ahead of plan. And with that, I'll open it up for questions.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Nate. Doug. I'll take this one. I would say, we take a number of steps to mitigate inflation, particularly when it comes at us at a steeper climb later as it will this year. So we do go after pricing but pricing typically, for us, means that we will work to negate the absolute dollar impact of the raw materials this year. And we are working to do that and believe we can do that. The second thing is really where we see most margin impact historically and including going forward is through innovation. And so we talked last year that we had our second largest innovation pipeline in our history. We have, this year, a pipeline which is 6% larger than last year's. So another very strong innovation pipeline, which we are going to use to help drive trade-ups, if you will, to our customers. We like that best because it's a real value conversation with customers. They get benefit, we get benefit. So we like that in terms of our ability to also solidify relationships as we get forward. From the efficiency standpoint, obviously most of the focus is Europe, it’s not exclusively in Europe. So if you start seeing headcount productivity continuing to leverage technology and all of the other things that we've been doing over the years, those continue to bear fruit and continue to help us drive sales productivity throughout the globe.
Douglas Baker: Yes, so Europe, our expectation is that we will have improved growth going forward on the top line. But it's not going to be our headline growth number. But we do expect to have growth going forward. And so that's going to principally come from share gains because the markets in Europe are still pretty soft. I mean they're flattish at best. So our ability to continue to capture share, which we've been doing the last couple of years is really going to determine our ability to accelerate growth. We had a very successful year last year in Europe, obtaining new large chain customers and that's really going to be the primary fuel driving share gain this year.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean long term, we see the F&B markets to be very favorable. Population's growing around the world, people are shifting diets to protein. So ultimately, that's what's going to drive the market, however you go through temporary issues in those industry segments, particularly beverage and brewery right now is going through a pretty sizable consolidation. You've got the ASB moves, the InBev moves. You also have Pepsi and Coke both buying their bottling operations. And so there's quite a bit of consolidation in both beverage and brewery.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I don't have the precise number. It would be small. And it would really be our foodservice customers, food and retail customers and then to a lesser extent, our lodging customers would be the primary tool [ph] to encircle the customer targets. It would be in the less than 10% range. So obviously, that's 1 of the real focused areas as we go and drive GCS but you're right, we see -- as we've said, once we start seeing top line traction, that's the key to driving profitability. Our loss in GCS this quarter, because somebody will ask, was $400,000. I mean, it is making money in periodic months at this point in time. And so, we're really just bouncing around the break-even point.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say one of -- it's hard to know which one, they all go towards driving a wide margin growth and help deliver that even in the face of rising raw material. But raws at this point in time, we expect, I think we talked about a 10% headwind or $0.10 headwind last call. We expect it to be more in the neighborhood of a $0.20 headwind now for the year. FX has clearly moved our way. FX in terms of ROI impact for the year, under our forecast, is around $0.11 favorable, right, for the year. So it's a material offset, if you will, towards raw material. And we'll give you the standard caveat here. Forecasting FX is a game you know you are never going to get exactly right. But that's our current view of how we think the FX will play out through our P&L statement. And then obviously, pricing we talked about, being in the neighborhood of an equivalent offset to the type of raw material inflation we'll see this year. And the key value driver which gets lost in sole equation is volume, right? Driving increased organic sales growth on our core businesses. That's where we make most of the money.
Douglas Baker: Well, what you've got, a number of things that we don't know. 1, we don't have any guarantees on our FX. We don't have any guarantees that it's only $0.20 on raw materials. That's our best forecast and we think we are more confident from that forecast, frankly, than we do on FX as we go forward. So there are still uncertainties out there. But yes, our plan is to continue to drive the business forward and hopefully be in a position to have good news throughout the year. But right now, this is our forecast.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I would say they are somewhat improved. The Foodservice business or the Full-service Restaurant business in the U.S. is still forecast to be modestly negative in terms of foot traffic year-on-year. But now, we're talking like less than 1% negative where we've been dealing with 3% declines for almost 3 years in a row. So it is substantially better, if you will, in terms of the environment that we've been having to deal with. Lodging, room demand, is forecasted to be up again this year on top of very strong demand increases last year. So that market's still as favorable. F&B we just touched on. I would say the F&B issues we are dealing with are somewhat transitory. They are negative in terms of this consolidation but it's not fundamental to our ability to drive that business forward long term.
Douglas Baker: I'd say this quarter was pretty much as it looked. I think last quarter we knew was better than it certainly looked on paper and we worked to give transparency to that. So we saw, I'd say continued but in line improvement in our underlying sales trends. And what I think you saw was a quarter where you didn't have any real impact from distributor inventories, either positive or negative. And so it was a fairly pure quarter. Going forward, what's going to drive it? I think what you're seeing here, what we also felt but didn't see in the fourth quarter was like the solid results of new account productivity, new innovation pipelines. All of those remain on track. We continue to drive those. The teams are doing a very good job in those areas and that's how we drive our business forward. So when those things are firing, we know as long as the markets are at minimum stable, we will generate some organic sales growth.
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, I guess the big number is if you look in our P&L, Raws represent about $1.2 billion of spend on a $6 billion P&L. So roughly 20%, which is why the earlier comment what do you need in pricing to offset raw material inflation, you get a little bit of a 5:1 leverage as you go through that, if you're just doing the absolute dollars, which is the advantage of margins, all right, I mean at the end of the day. Where’s our exposure? As we've always said, no one substrate represents a huge percent of that spend. However, if you start looking at it in terms of oil related, right and then, stuff your plastics and the like, there are -- oil related is going to be half of what we buy. And it's going to have some impact on it. It's not direct. It's not a 1:1 but it certainly impacts it because they've got to use energy, right, to create these raw materials so certainly that's a large input cost. And even if it's not oil, oil going up typically drives up other energy sources. So I hope that adds color to it. So we've got real inflation but we believe it's a manageable part because of the nature of our P&L, right, breakdown and part of it is because we can drive value in other ways to customers.
Douglas Baker: Yes, absolutely. I would say though the historic equation we talk about is 68% organic plus 2 to 3 additional growth points from acquisition and add in some leverage every year and that's how we work to drive 15% EPS. So we see M&A as an important part of the formula every year including this year.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I mean Kay is not out of people to sell or ways to grow by any stretch. And so yes, there are a number of large chains both in the quick service segment and the Food Retail segment, which are the primary segments that they focus on in that division.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Ed, that is our expectation. It's probably in line with history. I would say history is a little south of 1% rounds up and our expectation is there will be a bit of a round down to 1% if you want to put a finer point on it. Can we get more? I would say the thing that the divisions are really focusing on is to make sure that we manage our gross profit line. And so, some are going to use more pricing. Others are going to drive it more through innovation pipeline. And so, our key is making sure that we recover gross profit over a period of time, and divisions will deploy different tactics to get there based on where they sit and what the environment will allow. So I would say we are also going to use innovation in a material way to go recoup the gross margin pressure.
Douglas Baker: Some of this is the timing as to when we started our pricing activity and when it's going to show up because we went into the year without a lot of pricing momentum moving through the P&L. I guess you've already answered there's -- We don't think 1% is a governor based on our near-term history. However, some of this is a calculation that we make, and part of this candidly is feel for how do we best manage long-term relationship and ultimately, our ability to work with our customers and drive value with our customers, for our customers and through our customers. And so pricing's part of the equation, where are they. And right now, I would say is a lot of people are having great difficulty passing on inflation to consumers. And you see a disconnect between PPI and CPI and a number of our customers are caught in that trap. And so we are working to leverage innovation as a key component because it also provides more absolute benefit to our customers and still enables us to address our margin issues.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say in the second half, you'll start seeing us cross the threshold of year-on-year margin. It will take that. So now is it the third quarter or fourth quarter, it's in there. I would -- my guess is it's going to be the fourth quarter for sure. Third quarter, we may be more break even on margin year-on-year.
Douglas Baker: A little more -- part of that is based on not absolute spend level but comparison versus a year ago.
Douglas Baker: Oh, vast majority now, I would say. That was a very big issue back in 2004 and '05 when we really first saw the beginning of what I'll call this inflation trend. We did not have -- a lot of our contracts at that time did not have annual pricing provisions. I would say virtually all of our contracts. I'm sure there's a couple out there that don't -- virtually all of our contracts have at minimum annual pricing provisions built into them to allow us to reflect raw material costs.
Douglas Baker: No. Our international quarters are different. They are one month ahead, if you will. So the international quarter was really November to February. So as a result, the March tsunami had no impact on Japan because it wasn't included. I would also point out that's why we really had no FX impact or material impact on sales in this quarter as well because a lot of that movement was in March.
Douglas Baker: That was mostly, Jeff, raw material impacts and where they hit geographically and also in comparison to last year. So clearly, you got a sleeping dollar, the raw materials are hitting the U.S. disproportionately. Last year, I would also say U.S. had disproportional favorability. So you've got kind of a comparison issue going on here. That explains the vast majority of what you're describing.
Douglas Baker: Well, if I answer that in terms of public reporting segments, I would say we would expect about the same sales growth, 7% to 8% in U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing in the forward quarters. We expect to see acceleration in U.S. Other as the quarters progress and the same is true internationally. We expect the International sales, that fixed currency, to grow and obviously, when you add FX, it'll grow even more.
Douglas Baker: No. We think we need a little north of 1%, as we've said earlier. Not a hard equation. What happened is it's rounding. I mean we're using 1%. I mean pricing in the first quarter was less than 1%, and I would also say you're going against in the first half a substantially different base when you compare raw material prices than you are in the second half. So raw materials rose last year. First quarter, they were at a very low point. They increased a little bit in the second quarter but really increased much more for third and fourth quarter last year. So the base is different. So that also explains why you might need 1% per year but 1% might not work in a quarter.
Douglas Baker: Well, I guess, as you would expect, our customer retention rates tend to degrade during downturns. And it's a function of you have a lot more closures. And so that runs through our retention rate calculation as well. So we got more people going out of business. And I would say it's a more dynamic competitive environment. But these are fairly muted moves. I would say the retention rates that we see today are back to our historic norms for what I will call healthy periods. And so the business fundamentals, when you look at it, work very similar to how they would have looked in mid-2000s from a retention standpoint.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I'd say 2 things. I'd be happy to give you some more info on what's happening in Europe. What I would say is when we're talking about raw materials potentially pressuring, right, the European margin and our goal of 100 basis points, that's really going forward. There was not significant raw material pressure in Europe in the first quarter, back to the conversation I had earlier due to the time period, which is really that November to February period. With that said, we believe with the forecast we have in our forecast to raw materials, we are still standing behind the 100 basis point forecast for year-on-year margin improvement for that delta. What's happened? We announced this just a couple of months ago. But I would say the team is all over this, highly engaged. I think doing a great job. And so the leadership team, it stood up there and owned this. They are all over it as I mentioned before. This is their plan and already, we've got significant resizing done in Zurich in the headquarters, which is exactly what needed to be done. They have made great headway in developing the shared-service site that is going to be the consolidation point, if you will, for a lot of the work that we are going to shift and move. There's been very good progress with the works councils. Those are, I think we use the word been constructive, and I think the team and the works councils have done a very good job of managing through this in a way that works. And I think everybody feels very good about how that's moved. The French logistics plan, which is pretty core to what we were going to go do in terms of cost and service impact is already in place. We have the warehouses open and running. So that has moved quite quickly and is working quite well. So I think the team's done terrifically and we've had a very clear map of what needs to get done for the balance of the year to not only deliver the 100 basis points that we talk about for 2011 but to set up the 200-plus basis points that we also referred to for 2012 and 2013.
Douglas Baker: Well, I think, Rosemarie, we -- in the release in February, we talked about a 900-position reduction in Europe. And that's off of a base of about 7,000 to give you perspective on what that means. And so yes, there's going to be -- included in that is significant back office consolidation and some supply chain consolidation. It is not a reduction of any material sort of our field sales and service force.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I guess, Rosemarie, I'm not sure this is, I would count this as management team number 4. We've now -- this business, if you want to start at the beginning of the JV to now, has been in existence for 20 years. So certainly in 20 years, you're going to have some rotation of a number of leaders and maybe we are on number 5 over that period. I haven't sat down and counted. But with that said, yes, I don't think it's as simple and nor have we ever described this as overlaying a pure U.S. model in Europe. We don't believe that would be the right plan. We've never had that as our plan. With that said, we are trying to implement what we think are fundamentals that lead to a successful Ecolab model, not only in the United States but throughout Latin America, Asia Pacific and we are quite confident in Europe. And so that would be let's leverage our product supply chain across businesses and in Europe across the continent. We're not the first to have a pan-European supply chain. And frankly, we were hindered from doing so until we got a system in that would enable us to do that, which of course we talked about. It is done and complete. So we're working to leverage that. We have added sales firepower in Europe. We were under gunned there. So we think we have addressed that, and we've seen a notable change in a number of corporate accounts that we've been securing and bringing on in that business as a result of adding heads in that area. But driving back-office efficiency, we don't believe it should be stopped culturally. It makes no sense to have way too many folks doing work that we know to be done in another way. We have got to free up those resources and those dollars to pound back into innovation, pound back into customer experience investments and all the other things that our customers expect, which is the formula that we are going to try to drive. But we will have distinct sales and service teams by country, because you need to. We are going to have customer service by country, because we feel we need to. But where we pay bills and where we handle accounting, we don't believe needs to be customer or country specific nor where we make products or even how we ship products needs to be country specific. So that's the model that we are driving and we feel very good about it. So does the European team.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Right now, so we call that, I mean not uniquely, the vitality index, to measure what percentage of our sales are coming from products and programs introduced in the last 5 years. And our target has been 35%. We’re at a little north of 38% right now. I would imagine that we will stay at least at 38% as we move forward as old ones roll off and new ones go on. Obviously, 38% we hope continues to increase as a target because we expect the top line to continue to increase. So the pipelines have to get bigger.
Douglas Baker: Yes, so the company was O.R. Solutions. And we closed on it finally in early March. So it only had a little over 3 weeks of impact on Q1. This is, if you will, if I simplify it to a razor and razor blade model. The razor blades are fundamentally infection barrier basins and drapes, which fit over the warming devices. And those ultimately are very similar to the types of things that we make via the Microtek acquisition. And so long term, we see supply chain consolidation here, which will make sense and not in a very distant long term when we need to make sure that we understand how to do this properly. And certainly integrating all the back office will be done. From a sales and service standpoint, the plan isn't to integrate that right now. We've got a dedicated and focused team. It's not a huge team and they're out there operating as they have, driving sales of this specific technology and doing a very good job.
Douglas Baker: Yes. In Europe, I mean Europe represented a sizable key to the improvement. And Germany, from a regional standpoint, Pest Elimination had a very strong quarter year-on-year as well throughout Europe.
Douglas Baker: Mark, as we talked, I guess over time, we feel -- yes, I understand the question. I mean we've gone through this. I guess our choice is we really sell on the value that we're going to deliver to the customer and it's based on a number of things. We don't want to end up with kind of basket pricing and in a mechanism like that because we don't think it's going to either benefit the customer or us long term. And so when you've made that decision, you've made a decision, right, not to be able to attract exactly raw material input costs or declines as they move through your P&L. And I would say, I think that's worked for us. We've been living in a fairly inflationary or dynamic period in terms of raw materials really since '05. So I think there's a good track record to see that we have been able to recover these. And I think that what we're doing is the right thing for our relationships with our customers and long-term value creation for the business. So that's why we're there.
Douglas Baker: Well, I will give you a couple of recent examples. We’ve talked to Apex. So Apex is often being -- is the trade-up from solid power. And when we do that, Apex is a 20% per pound premium. So it's not inconsequential. I would also point out that Apex represents great value to the customer even with that, if you will, per pound increase, because they get 2 to 3 times that return, if you will, versus the delta in water and energy savings. So that's exactly the type of equation that we want to drive. We're not going to be able to get 20% naked price increases. Right, it's not going to happen. But if you really have innovation to deliver value to the customer, you have the opportunity to have what I would say outsize impact to benefit them and also ourselves.
Douglas Baker: Dmitry, so we repurchased 1.5 million shares in the first quarter. Last year, we were somewhere around 7 million shares. So we don't forecast share repurchase. I think if we've talked, it's the natural offset to our M&A goal. So our primary use of cash, if you will, would be M&A first. But that would be smart M&A. And in the absence of being able to utilize cash there, we do not sit on it. We have returned it to the shareholder. We typically have done it for our shareholder.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I mean Pest will see some margin pressure from certainly gasoline prices as they go through. And they've got to lower growth, right? So they're growing at very low single digits and even south of that at times. And so when that happens, it's very hard to recover any kind of inflation at all. So the Pest focus is on sales. And if you get sales moving there, that removes the issues in Pest. In terms of U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing, as we discussed, 1, you're going against the kind of artificially low base, you had the EPCs[ph] just proportionately hitting it there and you had a few other one-timers here and there in that business. So I would say we’re quite confident that the play that we've seen in the past will play out again in terms of us recovering U.S. Cleaning & Sanitizing margins over the coming quarters.
Douglas Baker: Yes. I guess our expectation on Healthcare is that we'll be close to double digit organically, high single digits is probably more in our sight line right now as we look at it. And then obviously, you brought up the acquisition. We'll have acquisition activity on top of that, which will drive substantially higher growth than that in total. O.R. Solutions, it builds further penetration in operating rooms. Right, and that's an important focus for us because it's an important place that you need to control and stop infections. So it's right at the heart of our infection prevention strategy.
Michael Monahan: And Gary, this is Mike. I guess the thing I’d add is that is we saw this basically across the board, essentially every country that we had, every region we had essentially was improved over the last quarter. So it's good momentum.
Michael Monahan: Hey, John. This is Mike. I just want to add that as we mentioned in that quarter, the first quarter, we did see some impact in Asia Pacific and Latin America from the Australia and New Zealand, which was about 1 point. So that was within the first quarter.
Michael Monahan: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Some final notes before we finish here. As mentioned on the last call, we plan to hold a tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association show in Chicago on May 23. In addition, we're planning to hold our biannual investor meeting on September 8 in St. Paul. If you have any interest in attending either of these events or if you have any questions about them, please contact me or Nicole. That wraps up our first quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thank you, everyone for your time and participation. Our best wishes for the rest of the day to all of you.
