Christophe Beck: Thank you so much, Andy, and welcome to everyone. Our team delivered a strong fourth quarter, and honestly, even slightly better than I would have predicted. The milder winter in Europe certainly helped, but most importantly, our team executed very well in a macro environment that was far from ideal. Organic sales grew 12%, with good momentum across all segments. Industrial grew 14%, Institutional & Specialty grew 11%, Healthcare & Life Sciences got back to growth, delivering 7% organic, and Pest Elimination remains very strong, growing 10%. Volumes outside Europe remained stable year-over-year, while our total pricing continued to accelerate from 12% in the third quarter to 13% in the fourth quarter. All this contributed to a strong 14% adjusted fixed currency operating income growth even as we experienced the expected peak in delivered product cost inflation, which reached 43% over the last two years in the fourth quarter. This led to adjusted EPS getting very close to last year's $1.28 EPS, while mitigating $0.10 of currency headwinds or 8 percentage year-over-year headwind to adjusted EPS growth. Since the initial impact from the war in Europe, we have delivered consistent operating performance improvement quarter after quarter. And as mentioned during the last earnings call, this is the path we expected to stay on for the quarters to come.  We're entering '23 with a reasonable level of confidence. While we would have lost most of our $1.3 billion of earnings in 2022 to cost inflation, we have rebuilt almost all of it within the same year. This demonstrates the true earnings power of our value proposition and the strong momentum we have in margin rebuild. Most importantly, our shift to offense, which is where Ecolab is at its best, is also showing some very encouraging signs of progress. Our net new business pipeline reached record high at the end of last year as what we offer. Water, energy and labor savings while delivering the best and safest outcomes in the industries we serve around the world continues to grow in importance to our customers. And we expect this trend to continue to strengthen. On the other hand, our view on the macro environment remains unchanged. We still expect inflation to remain high well into the year, interest rates to move higher and have an increasing impact on demand in most markets, and geopolitics in Europe, China and now in the Middle East to remain unpredictable. Nevertheless, we feel ready. In '23, we, therefore, expect to deliver double-digit adjusted operating income growth and adjusted earnings growth that keeps accelerating towards our low double-digit historical performance. This includes an approximate 7% year-over-year unfavorable earnings headwind from higher interest expense and FX in 2023. For the first quarter, we feel even more confident and are ready to resume quarterly guidance. We expect our strong top line momentum to continue and to deliver adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.82 to $0.90 compared to $0.82 a year ago. This includes an approximate 15% year-over-year earnings headwind from higher interest expense and FX. And finally, while this is a period of caution, we have a positive outlook on where we're headed. Over the last two years, our expertise grew as we focused on supporting our team and on developing strong new innovation. Our retention rates remain high as we protected our customers from supply shortages. Our margin started to recover as we drove pricing in thoughtful ways, while increasing customer value, helping to drive a strong acceleration in operating income. We remain prepared for softening market trends in Europe by accelerating the productivity improvements we had planned for future years. We are adjusting Institutional to winning the new reality, and we're beginning to reposition Healthcare for profitable growth. as we promised. We will also keep investing in our major engines of high profitable growth like water that delivered 14% organic sales growth in the last quarter, and Life Sciences that accelerated to 18% in Q4. Additionally, Pure Lite, we started its expansion exactly as expected with new capacity coming online, helping to drive a very strong acceleration in sales, with operating income margins north of 30%. We remain good stewards of capital by continuing to invest in the business, increasing our dividend, reducing our leverage and returning cash to shareholders as we've always done. And most importantly, with the best team, science and capabilities in the industry, we're ready to grow our share of high-quality $152 billion market, and our future has never looked brighter. I look forward to your questions.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Tim. So let me start with what we've done in 2022 because margins, gross margins and OI margins were our number one focus for the full year. And as I've mentioned in my remarks as well, so we were facing headwinds that were equivalent to our net income, so close to $1.3 billion. And we've been able to rebuild most of it within the same year, so which is really showing the earnings power that we have as a model and as a company. So I'm confident that we will rebuild our margins to where they were, and we will expand from there as we've done many times in our history as well. So if I look at our OI margin in Q4, they turned almost positive. They were slightly still down in the fourth quarter. So that's a good sign, obviously, of where we're trending. Our OI growth, organic, was up 10% as well. So if we look at the trajectory, we're in a fairly good place.  So if I look at '23, we have some good momentum. Pricing keeps accelerating. Productivity is in a good place as well, and we'll see what happens, obviously, so with inflation. Q1 should be a continuation of the OI growth, which means that OI will keep improving as well in the first half. So I think that it's going to turn positive in the first half of '23. And gross margin will probably follow in the second half of the year. It's not going to happen on July 1, but it's going to happen sometime in the second half.
Christophe Beck: I would love to, Tim. So first, it's not a consumer brand. It's a brand that's aimed at pros as their Home Depot also calls them. It's mostly cleaning contractors. That's the vast majority of the customers buying this range, which is an end market that we never really addressed in the past because we go through service and distribution as we've done so for 100 years. So it was a white space, basically for us, again, focused on pros, not really on consumers. We have the best partner ever with the Home Depot to do that as well. So we'll see how big it's going to churn, but we're quite bullish about what that could deliver in the years to come.
Christophe Beck: Thank you, Seth. Maybe just a few comments from me and then I'll pass it to Scott, who will give you a little bit more details on that. I'd like, first and foremost, to say that, for us, productivity is an outcome of momentum. So sales, innovation, pricing, this is the best way, obviously, to drive productivity, as we've done over the past few years, and we'll continue to do it as well in the future.  Now to the programs, it's really so to focus on individual businesses or markets, as we've disclosed, our Europe program. So during the last quarter, and now to be more focused on two businesses that we need to address, Institutional because the market has changed. We're in a good place, but market has evolved, and we need to evolve here, and Healthcare because we need to bring that business back to profitable growth since it's been a challenge, so for many, many years. But I'd like to pass it to Scott to give you some more color on that.
Christophe Beck: Yes, maybe I take that question, Seth. So for the most part it's done, but it's a continuing story. We will be max, as I've mentioned as well in the previous quarter, so a couple of years down the road, again, which is out of a good problem because it's a business that's growing really fast. So it's not going to be done forever, thank God, by the way. But what we've seen in Q4 has been a very strong acceleration of sales. We didn't have pro forma reporting so I don't want to get too much in detail here, but it's been so strong double-digit growth, which is good with margins north of 30%. So the trajectory that we've seen in Q4 is kind of a good indication of what we expect for the future or the near-term future.
Christophe Beck: John. So two parts, a few questions. So first, the surcharge has not come down since we started it on April 1. So generally, so far, so good, no change here. And the second part of your question, yes, we are progressively emerging as much as we can of the surcharge into traditional structural pricing. It's not going to be a 100% game. Every region is in a different place. You mentioned Europe. Every customer is in a different place as well. But generally, we're trying to get everything in traditional pricing going forward.
Christophe Beck: So two parts in your question as well here. So the first part, those are different products than what we distribute or through distribution like Cisco. They're really made for smaller cleaning contractors. Those are not concentrated products. Those are ready-to-use products. So for the most part. So they're different, but really so adapted for their needs at the right price point as well.  So no real competition with anyone else out there. And second part of your question, there will be no service to those products. It straight all consumer products as well. But knowing as well that those cleaning contractors sometimes become bigger as well. And those ones who might be shifting towards a service program at some point, which is what we do with Cisco as well as they have their own line like Keystone that we do for them, a non-service, and when customers become bigger, we start to service them. So it's really finding ways to approach every part of the market out there.
Christophe Beck: Yes. Josh, so not surprised. It was in Europe, we were expecting worse situations like everybody else, actually. So the milder winter has been a less negative news generally so for Europe. And we'll take. And I'm not taking it to the bank for '23. We know that in the months to come, the geopolitical situation on the eastern front in Europe could change quite dramatically, but I'm not going to make any prediction in here. We'll take the trajectory as it is right now. But generally, so for the whole company, what you've seen in Q4, with volumes so fairly stable, excluding Europe, is what I'm expecting more or less in '23 as well. I think the environment is going to soften generally with interest rates going up in the U.S. and in Europe. That's the whole intent of rising interest rates, obviously. But the shift that we've made to offense a few months back, as I've mentioned, so it's driving some very positive results in terms of new business, which, I think, should mitigate the further softening of the demand out there. So what we've seen in Q4, I think, is a good indication of what we could see in '23.
Christophe Beck: Great question. So Institutional is in a good place. As a business, we love that business. That's where we came from. It's a highly profitable business. We have great position. And I think it's going to be a great business for the future as well. So here's the situation. So I would say it's our north of 19%, so which is good. Our margins are not there yet, which is the opportunity that we have we need to adjust.  Now the market has changed because of the return to office, because of what you're saying as well, the people are ordering online, using takeout as well much more than they did before, it's translating to the dine-in traffic, so people sitting in a restaurant down 30% versus 2019. That's a fact that we all need to live with. It's not the demand reduction that we are seeing in our own business, but it has gone down.  So we have the same amount of work because we have a similar amount of customers out there for a demand that is slightly lower. So we need to adjust for that. So what we're doing is doing two things. On one hand, and we started that over the past 12, 18 months, it's not totally new. We're just accelerating that program right now. On one hand, it's to have a dedicated sales organization that drives new units and increased penetration, and the second service organization that drives productivity in order to reduce our cost structure as well, and that's where our program is directly focused on.
Christophe Beck: Well, two parts of your questions. So first, the delivered product cost inflation outlook, and then pricing, which obviously both are driving our margins. Starting with the market that we can't influence, obviously, but the way we look at it from our perspective in 2023, it will keep going up, but at a lower rate than what we've seen in 2022. So it's not that our delivered product cost is going to get cheaper, it's going to increase less fast than what it did in 2022. So that's the first part. And obviously, things can move one way or the other depending on what's happening in the world. But that's the middle of the road that we've taken. Inflation staying high as a rate for longer well into 2023, as I've mentioned as well during the past call. Now on the pricing piece, we remain focused on pricing. We will have carryover in '23 coming so from '22. We expect half of it, so to be strictly carry over into '23. And we will keep pricing further as we've always done as a company, and we'll keep doing going forward in order to recover and expand our margins. Wait will net out, we will see, but that's how we're estimating basically our sequential progressive earnings improvement quarter after quarter into '23.
Christophe Beck: So when we talk about the beefing up our sales force, they're not all created equal. We have the high-growth businesses like Life Science, Purelite Hightech, those ones are clearly being fueled, and we add people, we add investments for those ones because we know it's driving so high profitable growth.  And we have, on the other side of the spectrum, other ones where we need to do some work. Healthcare being one of the examples because it's $1 billion business, that's not making much money as we know. So we'll have to work on cost efficiencies, including in our sales structure as well, but all done with a long-term view of building profitable growth business. So when we talk about cheap to offense, this is, by far, the number one priority that we have as an organization for '23. It's about new business, Manav. You're familiar with that, and we had some very good results in Q4. It's about innovation. The Home Depot that we talked about is a good example as well and fueling the high-growth businesses, as I just mentioned. So it's what we're really good at. It's what the organization loves doing. And while we do that, we'll stick as well, so new to pricing because we need to get our margins back to where they used to be and expand further, and third, we will address those programs, as mentioned. But in a real surgical way, this is not going to be our main priority in '23.
Christophe Beck: So a few parts to your question. But generally, no change versus what we said, what I said during the third quarter call, and now in our release and in my remarks as well in the fourth quarter. The way we look at the outlook hasn't changed. We've decided to provide a formal guidance for the first quarter because we see pretty clearly what's happening, or more clearly than what we've seen in the past. We're not providing formal guidance for the full year yet. It will come at some point, obviously, here, but it's two parts, so for Q1 and for the full year. Now as I've mentioned, so we expect continued sequential improvement as you've seen as well in '22 by the way. So Q3 was a nice improvement versus Q2. Q4 was a nice improvement versus Q3. And Q1 is going to head in the same direction of being a further improvement as well, and that's what we're providing with the range.  That's going to continue in the quarters to come, driven by the momentum that we have, the pricing that we've done and we'll keep doing, obviously, the productivity that we've done and we'll keep doing as well so going forward, which will lead to an operating income growth that's going to be in the double-digit range, which will drive so operating income margin turning positive sometime in the first half and the gross margin some time as well in the second half. That leads to an EPS improvement quarter-after-quarter, keeping in mind that we have headwinds in FX and interest, $0.30, as we've mentioned, half of it in the first quarter as well. So you will see continued improvement quarter-after-quarter. And then the question, when do we get to the low double-digit traditional Ecolab performance? I said during the last call, it's going to happen sometime during the second half with everything I know today, everything I see today, I think that's probably going to happen in the fourth quarter.
Christophe Beck: That's exactly right. You gave the answer. It's one time in nature. It's depending on where the crude is coming from as well, so sometimes they need additives and sometimes they don't need. That's not under our control, that's our customers' control whether they need additives or not depending on where they're buying the crude from. On the other hand, the water business in general is doing really well. So it's close to 2.5% volume in that business, a 14% total growth as well in the fourth quarter. So water is in a very good place, downstream being this special case in additive, as you've mentioned, with the one timers.
Christophe Beck: No, we don't. Dave, we expect, as mentioned before, that our costs are going to keep going up as they did in '22, the rate is going to be lower what we've seen -- the rate of increase is going to be lower than what we've seen in 2022, but our delivered product cost is going to keep rising in 2023. The wage part is a minimal part of it. It's going to contribute to an increase in cost. That's always the case every single year, obviously. So that's not exactly material, but that's going to go up as well and all parts of the outlook that I described before.
Christophe Beck: We buy 10,000 different raw materials. So that's going to be hard for me, David, to go in all details. But the truth is that most of them keep going up, some are more extreme than others. The caustic in Europe, went up 90%, for instance, lately. So those are things that we need to deal with. And everything else is between 0, slightly negative, but nothing much negative, 200% plus like the caustic take that I mentioned before, so being close to the 100% here. So not an exact answer to your question, but it will be hard with the thousands of customers -- of our commodities that we're buying out there.
Christophe Beck: It's a great question, Jeff. The short answer is, we can deliver more pricing than what we've done in the past. We've learned that over the past few years. And our teams has built as well so new capability during that time because we had to, and we wanted to do it in a way that was thoughtful and smart with our customers as well. And the fact that our retention rates have remained almost unchanged during that remarkable time is a good indication. We've gained customers during that time, and we keep gaining customers.  The big difference beyond the capability that we are improving within our team, Jeff, is the fact that we've become much, much better at documenting the value, the savings that we are providing our customers with our service, how much we can deliver for them in the years to come as well. We've become much better at that. We can document it. We can share it with customers. We can make sure that we align on those numbers as well, and we have a discussion ultimately on what's our share of that savings that we have delivered for our customers. It's been at the core of the way we've been selling for 100 years. We've never brought it to such a high level than the past 18 months, and that's going to help us get more pricing in the future. What's going to be the exact range, Jeff, I don't know yet, but it's going to be higher than where we were before.
Christophe Beck: Good. So generally, industrial is in a good place, not because the market is booming, and we know that interest rates are going to soften the demand. So that's our base case of saying our general demand like-for-like same-store sales is going to go down. So we will need to drive our own growth through new business innovation, in new end markets and so on, as we've done as well in the past.  Industrial is in a very solid place, in a very good trajectory in terms of margins as well. So it's doing that balancing act of making sure that we can drive pricing, getting the right margins driven by value, as I mentioned to Jeff as well before, while we drive the new business with the shift offense, which I like a lot because it's ultimately where our teams want to focus the time. It's where we are best at and what we love most doing. So generally, industrial is going to keep being in a good place and some quarters will be a little bit lower in volumes and some will be a little bit higher, but generally in a very good place.
Christophe Beck: It's a great business. It's been a great business for a long time, and I'm a fan of that business going forward. I can't comment on the M&A side, obviously. But generally, it's a business that has done very well during the COVID times and has done very well in the years after that as well, a very nimble business, very strong leadership team, unique market positions as well, and we see that in the 10% growth that they've delivered in the fourth quarter as well. And I expect them to continue to do so. When I think in terms of innovation here, they're starting to provide disinfection services for their customers as well, which, I think, is going to be a very promising proposition. It's a good complement to what our teams are doing so right now as well. So strong business, with strong margin, with the highest return on invested capital because there's almost no capital involved, obviously, in that business, then driven by good innovation for the future. So great story that's going to keep staying great.
Christophe Beck: It's a good question. So, for Q1, the range we provided is reasonably consistent with what we've done in the past when we were providing guidance as well. The inflation component of the delivered product cost is the timing that we cannot manage. Obviously, that's market depending. That's probably the main driver for the minimum or the maximum of the range as well in here. But we're getting close to the end of the first quarter, obviously, as we speak.  So, we have a reasonable view on how it's going to end. But in a month, a lot of things can happen. Last year, I was pretty confident in the first quarter and the way it started. At the end of February, we had one month to go, and we had to deal with that. It's those external factors are driving ultimately the range that we're providing for the first quarter, as for every quarters in the past.
Christophe Beck: It's a great business, as mentioned before. We've been in that business for 100 years. Today, we've been successful. We have great positions. We are a very close partner to most of the restaurant and hotel companies around the world.  So, I'm very bullish about the future of that business. That being said, as mentioned before, we need to adjust as well because the market has evolved from dining in a restaurant versus taking out from a restaurant as well. We need to adjust. We've done that in the past. We need to do it today. That's going to take some time, but we're going to get in a stronger place as well after that. And in terms of innovation, I think the most important for Institutional is the overall program of Ecolab Science Certified because it's one way of bringing all the solutions that we have, all the innovations that we have for our customers and to really drive full penetration. It's good for us, it's good for the customer, and it's good for the guest ultimately because that's the way that they are the most protected from whatever that can happen, and at the same time, making sure that they have a good experience being in that hotel, that restaurant or that retail store as well. So, if I had to pick one, that would be the most important one.
Christophe Beck: So, two things, John, and very different stories, obviously, so in that segment. Life Science has been in a good place for a long time. They were just lapping against very high numbers during the years prior as well. So, it was more of a year-on-year comp than anything else. And Life Science, as mentioned before, is back to our 18% growth, driving very good earnings as well as they did prior during that comp was an issue and back ultimately to their traditional trajectory. So, life science in a very good place, which you see fully in Q4, and you couldn't see fully in Q3. Second, Purolite, as mentioned many times, so we were capped in terms of how much we could produce until Q4, which limited the growth by definition because we couldn't produce the products that we could sell ultimately. That has created a bump, obviously, in Q4. It's not in our organic numbers by definition, since it's an acquisition, and it's the first year. It's going to change as of Q1.  And then you have Healthcare, totally different story. I like the fact that they're turning slightly to positive growth. The fact that they have made some money, but I'm not getting overly excited with that. It's one quarter, and it's not a dramatic change in that business. On the other hand, I like a lot the efforts that are being made by that team to really drive it back to the performance that it should be from a growth and, most importantly, from a margin perspective. The program we've announced is part of it that will help, obviously, the cost structure.  But at the same time, we know that we need to improve our offering. We need to make sure we focus on the programs that make most sense as well for our customers and for us. So, it's still a long road ahead, but we will get to the right place as I've committed to that.
Christophe Beck: First, China represents 4% of our global business. So, it's hard to be material like Europe would be in our results. We have a good position in China. Our Industrial business is a very strong business. What we do is something that customers and government likes a lot as well. It's about clean water, safe food, preventing infection. It's obviously very important for all of them as well out there.  We've had a decent performance in '22 in China, in Q4 as well. So, it’s positive growth. It was kind of in the mid-single range in China during the fourth quarter. And we’ll see how Q1 is exactly happening. There’s the new year that’s happening during the quarter with the shutdown and reopening. That’s going to be a bit of a messy quarter in China in Q1, but ultimately, I think we’re going to get back to a good place once this kind of a volatile period is behind us because what we do matters and our team is really strong as well over there.
Christophe Beck: Hi, Sam, you talked about the tax, right? I'll give it back to Scott, who is much better than a about that.
Christophe Beck: It's hard to tell. I don't have a clear opinion on whether they're going to be hard landing, soft landing, recession, no recession. We're seeing some softening in the demand of individual customers, so a like-for-like or same-store sales demand from our customers. That's not true in every segment, obviously, but the indication that its softening is there, even though it's very minimal.  So, what we've seen here feels very traditional versus what we've seen in the past. And the shift to offense, which is the typical Ecolab way of responding to it, is going to be the best tool we have to mitigate against that.
Christophe Beck: It's probably a combination of both, especially in industrial segment, for hotels and restaurants, they don't have much inventories, distributors. So, it could be the case. Everyone is becoming a bit more cautious. So that has an influence of it. exactly how much, I can't tell, but it's definitely not helping.  So, you have softening of straight demand, reduction of inventories as well at the same time. Even saw a slight impact on the rate of demand. But so far, nothing dramatic, and I feel good with our ship to offense approach because getting new business, driving penetration, getting innovation in the market, well it's what we're good at.
Christophe Beck: So, we don't buy any spot price or product at spot price to begin with. So, it's usually contractual. There are some exceptions, but it's not material so it's up, generally, it should be less than a 5% range.
Christophe Beck: So, to the lag question, it takes a quarter or two to get through the system generally. Not every product is created equal in here, but I want to be very clear that the increase that we see in Q1 is a net increase, which means that the cost of our delivered product cost is clearly going up as well in Q1 versus what we saw in Q4 in dollar terms as well. So, the cost of what we buy keeps going up, albeit at a lower rate of increase than what we saw in the past few quarters.
Christophe Beck: Yes. We're probably the most advanced company in the science of water, in mastering water, in managing water. So PFAS is an opportunity that we've been looking at for quite a while. The demand hasn't been as clear as we would wish so far. So, it's something that's going to come at some point, which will be most probably something interesting for us, like microplastic by the way, as well. So, the technology, the science, we have it, we'll be ready when the market is ready to use those solutions.
Christophe Beck: Yes, we've shifted what we do for petrochemicals, so towards water management, energy footprint reduction, cost reduction, which I think the team did exactly the smart move. Our customers are looking for solutions to reduce their environmental footprint, while reducing their cost as well at the same time.  So even though the utilization rates are going down, so to your point, our business is still in a very healthy place. And I think it's going to keep being good for the years to come.
Christophe Beck: And maybe to build on that to your question, outside the U.S., it's -- the vast majority is in the U.S. And those are programs we've been working on for quite a while. As mentioned before, so Healthcare is a business that have committed to bring to the right place at the right time as well.  And that's the first step in that direction. And what we've announced is mostly in the U.S. Same for Institutional. This shift from dining in to take out is a shift that has happened mostly in the U.S., and that's where we want to adjust as well.  But I want to be very clear as well that those programs are kind of a surgical way of improving our businesses. The vast majority of our margin and earnings improvement as a company is really sort of keep driving new business, getting pricing right, innovation and productivity as well, while the program is helping us do surgical work where we truly need it in a short period of time.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. Thanks, Christophe. Thanks for the question, Seth. So just getting to your question about the pacing of the program. And when I talk about the program, I'm talking about the combined $175 million savings program, which includes the announced program we talked about in Q3 as well as the expansion that Christophe talked about, which includes Healthcare and Institutional focus. So the pacing of that $175 million I would expect about 3/4, 75% of it in 2023, and then the remainder in 2024.
Scott Kirkland: Exactly. And as Christophe talked about on Institutional and Healthcare, this is stuff that we're doing on those specific businesses, targeted those businesses. And then on Europe, it's really cleat we had been thinking about for quarters and years to come. And so yes, we will expect to retain those savings.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. We certainly have seen throughout the year, working capital increased in both because of inventories as well as just because of the sales growth with this very high pricing. And again, we expect higher pricing next year relative to history, as Christophe and you had talked about. And so the inventory was, again, very specific decision as we dealt with the supply chain -- supply chain constraints around the world, and to make sure that we can get products to our customers, help our customers and with that made a very intentional decision.  So now as we've seen the supply chain constraints ease a bit, then we will start working our inventory in DOH levels down. And so certainly, I wouldn't expect the same level from inventory in 2023 as we head in 2022. But at the same time, we are going to continue with having very high sales growth, and so you will have some natural drag there.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, I will cover off on that. Thanks for the question. I expect the rate for 2023 to be slightly higher than this year just due to sort of geographic mix, but right around, call it, 19%.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. You should think about the free cash flow in 2023 much like we did this year in terms of our historical conversion. Certainly, from a pacing perspective, Q1 will always be lighter, but I would expect the free cash flow for 2023 to be right in that mid-90s conversion on net income.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. No, not a lot to add there, Christophe, exactly that. Certainly, the year program will impact other businesses as well. But certainly, Institutional will have the largest portion of the overall $175 million.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. We do expect some modest headwinds, but we're talking in the sort of $0.05 to $0.06 range. So not overly significant.
Scott Kirkland: Yes. The split of the savings, as you pointed out, certainly, the first program, and this is very consistent with what we've experienced historically with programs where the cost to implement these programs is higher in Europe and then less so in the U.S., just due to the nature of the environment.
Scott Kirkland: Yes, sure. I'll talk -- I'll start with your CapEx question and then get to the sort of the capital allocation question next. So, this year, we're at about 5% of sales, which is at the low end of sort of our historical range. Certainly, a couple of years prior to that, below that. And I would expect, in 2023, to get to that sort of close to the middle of that historical range of 5% to 6%. And then as I talk about capital allocation, certainly, we completed our $500 million program share buyback program this year and continued, and we'll be on our 31st year of increasing dividends.  And between the two of those, returned 100% of our free cash flows to shareholders, over $1 billion in 2022. Going forward, I would expect to continue the dividends increase, but continue our consistent principles, which is, first, investing in the business, which includes M&A as well as increasing our dividends, as I mentioned, and then with excess cash looking at share buybacks.
