Douglas Baker: Good afternoon. Before going to Q&A, I just wanted to offer a brief overview. My take on the quarter is that we had a solid quarter. We did exactly what we said we would do. And most importantly, we continue to build momentum in our business, and we're doing this against a backdrop of a really mediocre economic environment, and I'd also remind everybody is against a real history, meaning last year, our adjusted sales, OI and EPS grew. So where are we? Well, we're on the other side of a major SAP implementation which is good news. It means it's all upside from here. The disruptions that accompany a change in this [ph] (22:11) are mostly behind us and will soon be completely behind us. The service and productivity metrics in the region that impacted Europe are showing the right movement, and we're now able to get after savings that have been promised, have been part of this whole initiative.  Most importantly, and even more importantly, our collective growth and innovation investments are paying off. We continue to add share in Foodservice, Food Retail, F&B and our Healthcare businesses. We've had significant corporate account wins the last 12 months, the last six months being the most productive. Our innovation in warewashing, Apex, in laundry, more temperature and more water initiatives, in F&B, DryExx, in new antimicrobial, in QSR are solid, in FRS, our formula of foam, in Healthcare, our EnCompass, Protect, Optisolids, and now, new hand care system, all continue to show very good momentum. In this year's innovation pipeline, it's the second biggest in history, and by far, are most balanced. And also, new initiatives with SYSCO and others are just coming online as we speak.  So finally, the market has stabilized, but it is not yet our friend. We are improving the business without any market help, and we expect the market to continue to slowly improve. So our focus in the second half is really more of the same. Leverage all of the above good deeds to drive our top line acceleration and build sustainable OI momentum built on volume growth. So our forecast for the year is double-digit EPS, our growth of 15% EPS remains our goal, and we believe is the right goal. So while the market growth is slow, if that's we've got huge share upside and we are getting after it. So the business is progressing. We have no real drama to report. We need to continue to focus on execution and deliver the year the right way.
Douglas Baker: Gary, I would say our experience right now is very positive on the new initiatives. They are higher margin. But even more importantly, they were represent much better value for customers since they're really targeted at getting after water, energy, and in some cases, labor savings. So they've got a great economic benefit for customers and this year is exactly the right story to be taking to the market at this time. So you need to have the balance for those two, meaning, it has got to make sense for customers and the initiatives for launching new.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Gary, it is a big pipeline. But I guess the point is that it's a balanced pipeline. So this isn't all falling at the feet of one sales force. So we've got initiatives that are going to our Institutional team. We have initiatives that are F&B team. We have initiatives going out to our Healthcare team, our QSR team, our Food Retail team. These are discrete sales teams. And the number of initiatives per team is well managed. It's just that we have a number of initiatives across the teams, across the company. And so this has been planned for a while, and we have been, right, upping our R&D, upping our focus on what we call our anchor technologies, those that we think are the most important in terms of impacting customer satisfaction. So this is a result of several years of effort.
Douglas Baker: Yes, to answer your specific question, I would say, clearly, in Asia-Pacific and L.A. in particular, we certainly have found those and continue to believe that those are in better shape economically than, say, near-term U.S. and Europe. I don't think this is a unique view on our part. But certainly, we are upping the investments, particularly in Asia-Pacific, where we've added several hundred heads year-on-year, and then a number other things to continue to drive growth.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I don't know, I mean, how philosophical you want to get. I mean, if you look at AP and L.A. OI growth was spectacular in the fourth quarter and just excellent in the second quarter. So it was in the 25% year-on-year range. And so we typically will continue to feed the business. And in AP, and L.A. in particular, we see very significant growth upside and very significant opportunity to capture increased share in a market we believe is going to grow faster than the balance of the world. So we want to seize this opportunity now. So we are investing somewhat on the comp as we go through this, right? We will add people and our people don't become productive immediately. We're making sure that we've got very smart infrastructure bets, not huge ones and they're very limited. The ones that we need to make is by and large. We've got the infrastructure built. We are rolling out fuel technology in these regions because we know it does two things. It enables us to supply even better value to our customers by collecting data. And it also allows us to drive productivity in the region as we build scale in that region. So I don't know if that gives you any color. Europe, we've also, obviously, had major investments, which is the other part of the international story for us. And those investments are largely around EBS. So we have the last wave, if you will, of EBS, eight countries, which by far, our largest wave. So you've got increased amortization showing up in the second quarter. That will stick with us. But even larger than that, you've got the natural but unfortunate disruption costs that come with flipping from one ERP system to another. Things like back orders, when you're moving from one inventory to the other, which means double shipments to a customer per order. Now all these costs are starting to move in the right direction, but they are incurred when you go through one of these things. And we're going to move out of this. So that's another big piece of the international OI piece. If I was going to give you a picture going forward, our expectation is that international acceleration on the top line is going to continue in Q3 and Q4. And we will start seeing significant OI momentum in our overall international segment beginning in Q4.
Douglas Baker: Oh yes, I would say it is. I mean, if you look at our top 20 customers in China, the majority of them would be Chinese at this point in time. And so that's been kind of an evolution that's been occurring because that market has been rolling. And obviously, local Chinese players are becoming quite a large player in the Food & Beverage space in particular.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Mark, I will -- we may record that and send it to the Institutional. They noticed that too. Institutional has clearly had the most significant market impact. We know that we are adding share when we look at customer accounts in that marketplace. But even when we go back, they've had three years of declining foodservice in terms of traffic count. So while it's stabilizing, and certainly, if you will, the decline has stabilized, they're still looking for the rebuild, which is coming in the future. I expect that business to continue to accelerate growth. They will rebuild at a fairly steady pace, which is what we've seen following other significant dips in Institutional growth rates. We're seeing that pattern, and all the things that we ought to be doing in that business, we're doing. We're after new accounts. We're driving in new innovations. We're working on penetration. I mean, all the stuff that we know is key to rebuilding the top line. And the team is doing a number of excellent things there. So I'm very confident that, that business will rebuild to the type of sales we expect.
Douglas Baker: Well, I mean, it's not even, meaning we are adding more significantly and investing more significantly in high-growth areas than we are in areas that aren't high growth. I would also say the high-growth areas are also self scale versus some of our other businesses. So those two things [ph] (34:14) in the high-growth arena. But with that said, in Institutional, we will make and continue to make very select investment. Because there are significant opportunities to grow that business in North America and in Europe as we move forward. So this isn't a case of that business doesn't get the investment. That business will get the right investment. There are a number of high potential share areas that we've identified that we're going after. We've increased the number of corporate account team in those areas. There's a pretty rich area in terms of regional accounts that we know we're going to get after. There's some very critical initiatives with large distributors that are really just starting to unveil. So there's a lot going on there. So they will get investment.
Douglas Baker: Well, somebody answered what the internal growth goals are for healthcare, double-digit organically, right? And then on top of that, we will continue to look for smart acquisition target as we build that business. We would expect to be there, on a reported basis, early next year. I think if you look underneath, recall in the second half, we're going to still be going against a pretty inflated H1N1 purchase base last year. But the underlying metrics, the new initiatives that I highlighted in my opening comments are all making very good traction. That business continues to strengthen.
Douglas Baker: Well, I'd say if you want a real broad comment, it would be -- AP and L.A. would be the regions that have the most subscale. But I would say, China, India, there's still significant upside in our Latin America business. And I would also say kind of other Asia, x Australia, New Zealand and Japan.
Douglas Baker: Yes, but the question was about subscale. We aren't subscale in Europe. What we are is poor margins. And so Europe, it is really leveraging the scale that we've already built. So yes, Europe has got the most upside margin. But the question I was answering is, where does volume growth have the most benefit? And I would say in the regions that I identified. In Europe, the margin journey is really as we've laid out in the past. Leveraging the EBS system, getting after the pan-European supply chain system, which means there's huge money in transportation and warehousing. We know there's money in purchasing, and we know operating, if you will, our plants more efficiently. There's big SP&A upside as we stop running 33 independent companies and start leveraging the scale of the business and move forward, which is all the play on to start moving from the nearly 4% to 5% OI margins that we're at today on an annualized basis, up to the teens that we've talked about.
Douglas Baker: Yes. Ultimately, we'll expand Apex technology globally. And we are finalizing, frankly, great manufacturing technology, which will allow us to do this very efficiently from a capital standpoint. And first, we're going to go to a different market, but Europe will get that technology in the near term. The growth rate was double-digit in Q2. Apex now represents over 25% of our warewash sales, machine warewash sales in North America. It continues to progress very well.
Douglas Baker: I would say it's principally because plastic went on a monster ride up and then down quite dramatically. So it's more to cost -- we're talking about down less than 1%, and we had substantial increases for three years prior to that. So over the period of time, we have held on to 90% of the pricing.
Douglas Baker: Well, the plan is that the M&A activity will be better in the second half than the first half, which is a pretty low mark. So I would say our expectation remains that we will have a successful year in M&A this year.
Douglas Baker: Well, I would say that our goal of 15% remains our goal. It's not a governor from that standpoint. However, I would say that's the target that I think we are comfortable talking about as we go forward. I would agree with you that we have reached a very important milestone in Europe in terms of having the rollout wave behind us. So that all the right now moving forward in Europe isn't about preparing new countries, isn't about worrying about what's next in terms of how do you prepare for the next rollout. It's about how do you capitalize on all the work that's already been done. And so from a mental standpoint, it is a huge milestone there. So we're excited about what that's going to bring. Last call, we said that our expectation is we would start seeing margin lift in Europe beginning in the fourth quarter. That remains our view, and that is what we will start seeing year-on-year margin lift as a result of this work, and then obviously continued margin lift for many years to come.
Douglas Baker: Well, I'll tell you that's exactly what's going on right now, is that we have split positive volume growth, following a year where we didn't have positive volume growth. So I think what we're doing is exactly what it takes to rebuild that kind of volume growth. As we have said, our goal for organic remains 6% to 8%. We expect the pricing environment going forward to be more like our historical pricing environment, which is one point. So it's going to take 5% to 6%, right, to get into that range. So it's new customers penetration, leveraging the other tools that we leveraged as we go forward. But we are starting to see positive movement in terms of volume.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I think lodging, one year where you didn't -- lodging is moving in the right direction. We like the room demand. It's up. It's been business-travel led. It looks like RevPAR, which is important to our customers, revenue per occupied room, is going to be moving in the right direction as well, which is good news for us. But I think, if you look at room demand, we're back at like 2005 levels right now. In spite of that, we've grown this business this year and are moving in the right direction. But I would expect typically we lag, and I would expect that we would see continued improvement in lodging as the recovery unfolds.
Douglas Baker: Yes, Rosemarie, Doug. Yes, clearly, Pest has been impacted by the market situation, probably more severely than some other businesses. I would say two things: One, we are a premium product, sometimes a victim of our own success, and that if you're successful with Pest Elimination, people start forgetting that there are cockroaches and rodents still there to pester them in the coming months. We have seen business that has fallen off come back. If we track our underlying metrics in that business, things like account retention, new contract growth, et cetera, all those things have started to swing to the positive. Our expectation is that we will start seeing sales growth in the second half this year, and that we will start rebuilding the sales line on this business as well.
Douglas Baker: I would say, Rosemarie, I don't think the competitive arena has changed, meaning there aren't new people doing new things or old people doing new things. I think people have had their positions staked out from a price standpoint. We are certainly re-crafting some programs and service level commitments and using those to gain new business. But I wouldn't say that's really a repricing phenomenon. We still plan to maintain our premium promise and premium price. Because frankly, that's the best value in the market.
Douglas Baker: Yes, SKUs, I'm going to have somebody dig up the exact number where we are. We have made huge progress in SKUs globally and by key region. In terms of initiatives, when we introduced Lean Six Sigma several years ago, so certainly they focused on unique initiatives simply as we move down the Pareto chart of opportunities, you end up focusing in different areas. If you want the big buckets for us, I mean clearly, the things that we staked out in Europe are huge opportunities. So we also, we know in U.S. have major share service opportunities, and we also have similar opportunities in AP and LA. The focus is going to be Europe first, North America second and these opportunities, and then we will start moving into AP and LA. The best way to drive margin in AP and LA right now is to through volume and through sales growth.
Douglas Baker: The only thing between us and breakeven is more volume. So I'd say the most important metric to watch in GCS right now is how we're doing on the top line. We were down, I don't know, 3.5%, 4% in the first quarter and were up positive 1% in the second quarter. So we made directionally the right move in terms of generating sales growth. The business runs well, operates well, we've got the efficiency we are looking for. Now we've got to get the volume to go drive the OI performance.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, there's been a couple of things happening simultaneously. We've been investing and moving bodies, if you will, into what we call key sales position. We have built corporate account teams in F&B and Institutional, where we had virtually none. We are doing similar things in terms of identifying the right corporate account teams to have in our Healthcare business as well there. We are looking at ways that we can reshape compensation. We're probably doing or further along in the Healthcare business. But certainly, the system will give us the transparency you need to drive the types of sales schemes that we run in the balance of the world effectively, i.e., paying comp per product, understanding what outs [ph] (54:38) are through distributors for their trade sales all the way through the system. We do not have those capabilities. We didn't have those capabilities until rolling out the system. Now we do have them. So that opens the door to many of the initiatives that we've already undertaken, say, in North America and other parts of the world.
Douglas Baker: I mean, I guess a simple answer is no, but it's probably somewhat nuanced. But I guess in Healthcare, importantly, what we're working on is making sure that we do the right job equipping our sales team with the information they need to effectively sell the programs that we put together. This is not unique to Healthcare. It's the work that we do in Institutional and F&B, in Food Retail, QSR, and we're also undertaking it in Healthcare. We have a number of great initiatives in Healthcare. They are moving the right direction. We are gaining traction. We're getting the yeses, we are installing these things. So all the trends and the movements in the right direction. If you get down to where we're separating the consultive part and the other part, I guess we are going to have a specific team that's going to handle some of the maintenance in hospitals that will be different from the team that is representing and doing the consultative service part of the growth. That's not completely unique to think that we do in other businesses. But that is going to happen in Healthcare.
Douglas Baker: Well, in the quarter, I mean, overall, I mean this system over several years was in the range of $200 million. Now that includes, obviously, all of our internal people, all the travel associated with it. But it's a sizable investment from a company standpoint. For the quarter, Q2, we had a step up from Q1 and $5 million in amortization. But probably the bigger piece of the expense was what I would call on the resultant inefficiencies that happen as you roll eight countries. That stuff dissipates fairly quickly, obviously, the amortization there until it runs out.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say there's two key things driving Europe margin. One is what I will call a planned initiative called EBS. And we knew that while you're building this and laying on a second system on top of the historic or legacy system, that you are going to have margin erosion as a result of this. Because you can't turn off the old system until the new system's running. So that has obviously been a significant impact. Coupled with that, we also did a number of things that we talked about which we said would have an impact on OI margin but a benefit in NI margin, which was increased costs associated with putting together a principal company model. That also, if you will, had margin impact. And then the other is we have a different competitive environment, and we had raw materials rising, and it's taking us longer to recoup, if you will, raw material price increases in Europe than it did in North America and some of our other regions given just the market dynamics to go on. Those are the same market dynamics which lead us to guide you to say, while there's significant upside in our margin in Europe, say to the 13%, 14% range, it is still going to have a significant delta versus North American markets. So those factors, but we're quite confident in our ability to start driving this margin up.
Douglas Baker: Well, yes, well look, I guess I wouldn't give you that number if I didn't think it is was realistic. So we believe it's realistic. We have very clear plans. We've run that business. We run AP and LA in double digits. They've got absolutely no scale in those regions at this point in time versus what we have in North America and Europe. So I think we've got a very clear path. A big hunk of this is frankly, money that we spend inefficiently by running a bunch of discrete product supply systems versus leveraging them efficiently.
Douglas Baker: I would say I think the margins dropped for several reasons. Yes, certainly the economic crisis wasn't planned for, it didn't help. But I would say, you would've seen margin erosion during this period even if the economy had maintained its same pace simply because you had, one, we're layering on a duplicate system. You got to put in the system two before you can take out system one. That's extra cost. There's just no way around it. And second, as I said, we did see raw material inflation quite dramatic over the whole company, and it impacts us differently by region. In Europe, it takes longer for us to recover that margin loss than it does in other regions because of the competitive environment. We are recovering it.
Douglas Baker: Yes, because as I said, it's really starting fourth quarter into next year is when you're going to start seeing those benefits. So no, that's not in that. In fact, what I would say is there's extra cost in the second quarter as a result of the ERP not cost out yet.
Douglas Baker: I don't know, Dmitry, that. We aren't saying that this business will be breakeven by the end of this year. I would make a couple of comments, though. One, this business is not losing cash. It's been generating positive cash for the last several years and continues to. And as we move forward, what we've got is a one-front war which is a, as you pointed out, a volume issue. As we grow this business, I mean, the thing that's standing in the way is we've got to get the appropriate level of sales on top of this infrastructure to make money. That's what it's going to take. And we don't believe we're going to have enough volume by year end to get us to breakeven. However, the path is very clear. It's not sucking up resources corporately. I mean, right now, I'd say we've got an upside chip to play that didn't cost us any money to play it.
Douglas Baker: Yes, I would say, I don't want to -- I guess, I would say it this way. We're happy that we have seen a quarter-to-quarter improvement in the sales growth trend. I guess, I don't want to overplay a 1% growth. It's better than a 3% or 4% decline, but it's not the level of growth that we expect or need from this business long term. We expect this to continue to move forward. But right now, I would call the environment better than last year, but not quite as good, right, in terms of the Foodservice environment it's playing in. But we expect the environment to also steadily improve, which has been a consistent forecast from us for a while now.
Douglas Baker: Yes, so first on price. We're specifically talking about F&B, and it was a global conversation for Food & Beverage. In total, our price for Ecolab was positive in Q2, it would round up to a point, about what we've been talking about. But obviously, if you go into some businesses, you're going to have different answers in different businesses. But in total, we were up about a percent. In terms of -- and we expect that that's going to be the answer for the foreseeable future. That's probably the best thing to model. Raw materials, they were favorable year-on-year. But basically, this an annualization impact. Raw materials have really been relatively flat for the year, if you will, about the price coming in this year, about what we're paying now and what we expect to pay for the balance of the year. So really the deltas that we're talking about are because last year was a very different story quarter-to-quarter. This year, it's a fairly benign story quarter-to-quarter.
Douglas Baker: I would say, fundamentally, car washes are down quite dramatically in total, right across the industry. And so, one of the places that people have chosen to economize is that they're either not washing their car or they're choosing to do it in their driveway with a garden hose. They're not driving through traditional car washes. Those counts are down double-digit and have been for a while. So this is one of the consumer areas that have been impacted quite dramatically. I mean, that's what's going on in that business right now.
Douglas Baker: Yes, well, I don't know what to say, Dmitry. It's a business under pressure right now on the top line, principally market-driven. We're not going to offset that. That's the plan. So the plan is to go fix the business as it is right now, and that's it.
Douglas Baker: Yes, several of them are in what I would call a quiet launch, and Some of it is because we're building capacity capability. But I would say that they have done quite well, and we're using them with some very strategic customers in terms of building what I would say is long-term capability.
Douglas Baker: Well, you'll have to ask them specifically. But I would say, if bedbugs are absolutely resurgent, they are going to become much, much wider spread throughout society. And so, that's the nature of the little beast, right? That's the way it was in the '30s. And frankly, throughout human history, they went away for a period of time. Most people point to DDT as a thing that unintentionally, it was for a different purpose, knocked down the bedbug population. DDT's been banned to save the eagle and fish and the rest and we have bedbugs back, and this is a theory. So yes, they're going to be widespread. We aren't going to be chasing the Retail business, but people are going to find them in homes and other places, I would say we have a very good competency and a unique competency in bedbugs. Plenty other people promise that they can take care of them too.
Douglas Baker: Yes, a lot of these segments, and obviously, it's somewhat different by region of the world. But they're fairly flat right now. I would say long term, F&B, the macro trends, that business globally is performing exceedingly well, right. And this business shifts around. I think our F&B business, what that team is doing, how we're moving in terms of innovation, I'm very bullish on the F&B business. And so well, we're going to go through these trends. Long term, there's going to be more mouths to feed. They're shifting to protein, which means they're going to need even more calories than they do to date per mouth, as we go forward. We like the macro trends in this business, and we like our position. But we're going to go through dairy's hot, dairy's cold, people are going to shift protein sources. But I don't think that's going to be the big story long term.
Douglas Baker: Well, mainly it was the last year comp on H1N1, and this year, the Canadian government basically put a freeze on all hand sanitizer. They run the healthcare system because they had a large inventory stockpile. So it's really kind of a quarter start.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please begin the question-and-answer period.
Michael Monahan: We just had $150 million of debt go short term, and it's due in February. So we'll be paying that down, and we've also been doing share repurchase as well.
Michael Monahan: Well, pricing was very strong, if you remember, through 2008 and 2009. And I was just saying that relative to those periods, pricing is flattish compared to very strong pricing that we had in those two years.
Michael Monahan: It's the stuff that Doug referred to earlier, P.J., about backorders having to make two shipments to a customer rather than one, things like that.
Michael Monahan: P.J., part of the reason they weren't that high before is just the reasons we did this because you had a very complex system that did not allow you to see transparency and operate that business with a $1.6 billion, $1.8 billion worth of scale, and since we were operating basically 27 different entities. And so, again, part of the reason we never got it before is just the reason that we did it. So that's why we see the opportunity to get margins like that. And as we look across the rest of the world, we can see what the margin potential is so we can hypothecate to what we think we should be able to get out of Europe.
Michael Monahan: Normal season that are looking right [ph] (1:03:04) but I thought there were enough headwinds to keep it a little bit more subdued this time around.
Michael Monahan: And Dmitry, we're selling a different way doing kitchen equipment repair to our customers. So it's obviously, you have to do some missionary selling on that and in this environment, as you commit, it's not the most ideal environment. So we think we're making good progress there as we've seen with the sales and the operating profitability for the business over the last few quarters. And we think that's going to continue as we go forward and continue to make more progress and as the environment gets better, it should continue to also get better.
Michael Monahan: But Dmitry, I mean, that business is still making money. It's got a good profit margin, so it's not like this is a big drag on the bottom line.
Michael Monahan: It's one of the growing areas of pest, John. As we've mentioned we've got new technology which is highly effective and substantially cuts down the amount of time that our customers need to clean them out. So it's a good area of growth for us, unfortunately.
Michael Monahan: Well, that's the end of our call. So thanks everyone for participating today and have a good day and rest of the week. Thank you very much.
