Doug Baker: Thanks Mike. A couple of comments on 2014 and also 2015, and then we will open it up for Q&A. So 2014 was obviously very strong year for the Company with annual EPS up 18%. The good news is the business accelerated throughout the year. Our second half excluding M&A was plus 6%. OI margins expanded another 120 basis points for the year. We're on track on all of our Nalco and Champion synergy commitments. We're also on track in Europe where margins expanded 110 basis points for the year. This is our fourth year in a row of expansion. We're now up cumulatively 440 basis points in Europe from our low point. We're also poised to increase margins again in 2015 as sales are accelerating in Europe. Perhaps most importantly, the momentum I talked about, the 6% in the second half was really built by outstanding cooperate account sales and new program and product launches. This is the underlying trend that we look for. It is the best, best sign we have of the health of the business and it was exceedingly strong. So we did our part. Now I guess I'd also point out that world seems to have done its part, which leads to 2015. Obviously the big news is oil price and FX and to a lesser extent pension. So first let me touch on oil. So during our third quarter call, oil was also the top conversation topic and at the time oil was trading $86 a barrel. So we discussed ramifications, implications and the principles discussed, I would say remain true. Energy services will be hurt and the rest of the business represent 70% of sales will benefit. The degree of the plus and minus are much different than they were in Q3. So let me give you our view today. So first of all in energy services, we expect flat sales for the year, could be modest growth. But let's just say flat. Synergies though and raw material savings in energy services will enable us to have modest OI growth in the business, in spite of the very difficult oil market. The raw material savings though will also positively impact the rest of our businesses and roughly offset the lost energy services OI versus what we would have expected in a non-oil price distressed market. So the good news is our team has gotten on the raw materials savings opportunity release. We've made significant progress and we believe we've got clear line of sight about what we're going to see during the year. So while oil has a created real turbulence in the business, by itself it would not cause us to miss our rival city or time, i.e. the net impact on one side of the business are pretty much offset on the other side of the business and really it is not the main story in our earnings picture for 2015. The second issue has an impact though too, and that’s FX and pension. So combined, they represent an 8% EPS hit for the year. Obviously we're not the only company impacted by FX and pension. We've heard many companies talk about this. We are doing all the smart things we believe. We're using the pressure internally to challenge spending and in efficiencies which is how we typically manage. The team rallies well around this, but importantly we're not cutting long-term investments in R&D, in field technology, in systems, in talent developments, safety or security. Those are going to remain as planned. They are important to our long-term effectiveness and we have got to make sure we protect them when the team is all over this.  Our focus though is really to run the businesses quite well and to use the market turmoil to our advantage. So we are all over share gain in energy services. Our goal is to use this year to come out of this thing with a bigger sale and a better position to get after the upcoming turnaround in the oil price. Additionally M&A outside of the U.S., given the strong dollar also looks more attractive. All I know about FX is it goes up and it goes down. I can't tell you exactly when but I have now seen FX rate or the Euro trade at 0.88 and at 1.45. So we know this stuff moves around. We have an opportunity right now to capitalize on the strong dollar. We're going to see if we can make that happen. We're also going to leverage our stronger markets in U.S and Europe. So we are seeing the impacts of more I guess change in the pockets of consumers, and we want to make sure that we fully capitalize on that. Our teams are excited about it, all over it as well. And then finally the same tried and true program that we always run, drive new business, leverage innovation, do that everywhere, keep driving the businesses as we always do.  So closing I would just say we are on it. The challenges are real but we believe they are manageable. We expect another very good year in 2015. So let me turn it back to Mike. 
Doug Baker: Yes, that's what I was really alluding to Mike in my opening comments. We have got sort of a tale of two cities here and we also have just core investments that we know are fundamental to driving this business year in and year out. We worked very hard not to I would say cut into those investments. And I gave you a laundry list of them, but it's certainly R&D, talent development, safety, a bunch of training issues that we have on ongoing systems investments. We want to make sure that we protect those and we continue to make those investments, because I'm going to be here a year from now talking about 2015 and giving a preview of 2016. And the only way that we can ensure that we continue on this virtuous cycle is to make these core investments. And so we're absolutely committed to it. They are in our earnings view as you look out over this year and the businesses you touched on, it will be a better year for Institutional. They are going to have make the investments they need on the secure and continue to drive that growth and that's in the plan.
Doug Baker: Well, it's certainly more volatile this year. And I would say last year was an easier year to forecast for the Energy business in particular but I would say that's really where forecasting is more challenging this year than in previous years. This is with -- what we know and I'd say we have a very experienced team, this is isn't the first oil price cycle that the team has been through. We've got all the data, we have been through it. I think we've got a handle on it and we've narrowed this down to we do not have a bunch of what I would say tough to forecast areas at this point in time. We've worked hard on raw materials. I think we've got a much better handle on that at this point in time, simply because we got on it early and the team has done a good job. There has been a lot of analytics here. So I think it totals -- that's a very good forecast, things can change but I would also say things can change in other parts of the ledger that may offset.
Doug Baker: Well, I think there's two sides to this. One is look, we work hard to try to understand what the variables are and then we try to again do a 50-50 position, where if you have multiple variables, which you always do, you have FX, you've got investment decisions, you’ve got business and markets, regions of the world and we just try to get in the middle on a number of these things and understand what we believe is a likelihood that it gets better or worse from there and try to balance it. I would say '08 was a much more difficult challenge in terms of forecasting than it is today. And simply because you add more variables and really frankly nobody knew how the world was going to shake out at the end of the financial crisis. I would say here what we have is an unsettled oil market, which is probably the most dramatic impact that we have right now. It’s sort of single variable. I think it’s shown its hand at this point in time. Last piece I would say is we work very hard then to make our forecast come true and so it’s not a simple way of just predicting the business. We also try to meet forecasts that we give. Our team rallies around these efforts. We are all over new business and driving, leveraging innovation and doing all the things hopefully we'd do. I mentioned earlier we’re a company now that’s been through several years of very strong earnings results, and I always get nervous during these periods because I know there is inefficiencies being built up in the business as a consequence of having strong earnings. And so we look at this as an opportunity to go find those pockets and get after them. And the team is doing that quite successfully. So I think we’ve got a good forecast here. We’ve proven to be a company who can pretty much predict how we’re going to perform. A lot of it has to do with our business model, mostly consumables. And then for energy I think it’s pretty straight forward. Energy is a bit of a wild card but we’ve done a lot of work there. We have some offsets if energy softens. I think we’re in good shape.
Doug Baker: Yes. We’re on track by the end of this year to have 125 booked and we’ll have another 25 year after that, so we believe we’re going to hit our 150 target.
Doug Baker: We don’t get into the specific forecast but I guess the business that’s going to be most impacted here is our WellChem portion of the energy services business. WellChem in 2014 represented 17% of the business. We think that business maybe down 30%. So that’s the single largest impact and it assumes drilling as a result would be down in the 35%, 40% range.
Doug Baker: Here's what I would say. Our going in assumption right now and you’ve got to pick one, is that oil prices remain around this level through much of 2016. I’d say let’s assume they remain at this level all the way through 2016. Once we lap the oil price decline, you're going to have a much steadier state, and you will start seeing I would say steady state of drilling, steady state of production. We would expect to continue to drive share and you can’t forget that the underlying new series old wells come off and are replaced by new wells which we're going to have to do under any oil price scenario, that the new oil commands a lot more of our technology than the old oil and that fact will start taking or having an impact again once you lap this significant decline. So if they stayed through ’16 at this level we would expect to show positive sales growth in 2016. I doubt it would be a double digit but I think it’d be strong single digits and we would move forward from there.
Doug Baker: Yes, I mean if oil stays at the same place, you're not going to have the same delta in 2016 as you are in 2015 in terms of raw material impact. But I guess as I just shared with David, at the same time we wouldn’t have the same impact on the energy services business. We would respect that to be more accretive in '16 versus '15, even if oil stayed at this price level. To answer your first question, yes, they take some time to come on. I would say more like a quarter. So we're going to see some impact in the first quarter but not necessarily at the run rate that we would expect for the full year. You've got two different conventions globally in terms of how you handle inventory and how fast they show up in U.S versus non-U.S FIFO, LIFO. So some of that has an impact. So we would expect second quarter, third quarter to have a higher positive impact from raws than the first.
Doug Baker: I would say throughout 2014 we had a lot of success increasing our position with the major producers. So that will carry forward. I would say -- I don’t know if that’s going to be -- so I think that’s all good news. We'll continue to do that as I mentioned in my opening comments. Term oil creates opportunity. We've got a very experience energy services management team. They're great. They are all over this. It's not the first time they've seen this. I think they know how to effectively leverage this opportunity, and I think they're making very smart trades out there. With that said, you've got a funny environment. We're going see much stronger sales in the energy business outside of the U.S than we do in the U.S and a lot of that’s a function of -- a lot the business outside of the U.S is controlled in one way or another by governments, and when oil price goes down, they pump more, and they do it because they got a bill to pay. And in North America, it's not the situation and it much more reacts to the market. And so we're going see I'd say a much earlier slowdown in North America as a consequence of this as we go through, which is exactly what we're forecasting and foreshadowing for all of you. But that would probably be a more interesting dynamic in the energy business.
Doug Baker: Yes, well on the Specialty business, which is principally our QSR fast food business and food retail business, there are a couple of things. They continue to capture new accounts. That's always critical in driving that business. We've also through realignment of some programs increased their ability to get into a number of customers, and as a consequence they are able to help those customers do a better job in a number of areas and we are able to trade out one product for another, i.e. competitors for ours and we're growing the business as a result. So increased coverage, increased new customers.
Doug Baker: Not dramatic. The big business remains the U.S pest business and it has been steadily improving. We made a number of investments in that business starting two years ago. We're going to continue them. I would say kind of the heavy investment status going into 2015 has been paying off and accelerating sales. I would also say there's a number of other metrics that continue to improve in that business. So that is the biggest piece of the pest business. Equipment care, I think Mike mentioned had a softer sales performance in Q4. A lot of that was planned and our own doing, and we expect equipment care to come out and have a stronger first quarter in terms of sales performance. But I would point out equipment care made like $8 million last year, which is dramatically better than the losses that we had just a couple of years ago. So that team has done a good job. 
Doug Baker: Yes, I would say two things. One, our strategy is to make or resell as much as we can, because we want to have currencies not be a strategic issue but to be a translation issue only. Meaning if you are a complete exporter right now in U.S dollar, obviously you got a problem because your stuff just got a lot more expensive and your competitiveness just weakened significantly. That's not the situation we find ourselves in broadly, but there are pockets. With that said, where you have significant devaluation, we have strong inflation as a result in new business which is the situation in a number of countries. You have to go after pricing. I think we're all well-schooled in this. We've been doing it collectively as a business for over 50 years. I think our team is all over this. That is both on the WPS side as well as the institutional F&B et cetera. So they are cognitive of the impacts. Where we do have what I would say export situations, we try to understand the market impact as well as the margin impact. We don't like to drive ourselves out of business by losing share through too aggressive pricing. We don't think it makes sense for the long-term. We would rather get after the cost problem and fix it if that's the issue and it's basically self-inflicted.
Doug Baker: Yes, what I would say if you did a lock through, then you've have got as I mentioned earlier WellChem, 17% of the business down, call it a third. You've got OFC which is just under 60% of the business. Here we would expect in the mid-single digits this year and certainly some of the impact is -- about a third of that business is in a cost plus relationship. So you're going to have some modest price decline across that business as a result. But importantly, as oil comes back or raw materials come back, it will also be reflected in increased pricing in that business. And downstream we would expect to react next year much like this year, which is high single-digits. So that’s probably that fast walk through of how we see sales performing this year 
Doug Baker: I'm giving you our best forecast. So I would call it a 50-50 forecast is what we do when we go out. It’s exactly the approach that we’ve taken for the last I don’t know 20 years and it’s the approach that’s worked quite well for us because we tried to make sure we understand what the different inputs are and we take them all into account. We try to pick the midpoint, understand the plus minus on either side of that thing and work our forecast there.
Doug Baker: Well, I think the most important milestone, we’ve said a year ago during this call that we really said expect Healthcare really not to get better until the end of the year, and you should start seeing better sales performance in Q4, Q1. That is showing up and coming through. What’s happening is we strengthened our programs. It’s leading to new customer sales. There were a number of significant customer sales in the second half in healthcare. It's the only way we can grow sales is by selling more stuff to more people. And so we’ve got to find a way to grow share there, which is what we’re doing successfully. So the team I think used the time wisely. The business is in better shape than it was a year ago and we expect the acceleration to continue in the first quarter.
Doug Baker: Well, you’re right. So the number in mining I believe was 8%, but that included the impact of a recent acquisition. Without that it was basically flat in the quarter. And so you’re theory is right. Mining is in a difficult patch right now, but we expect it to improve throughout the year, in the year.
Doug Baker: Well, it'd probably certainly be a disappointment for two of our major customers, U.S. Foods and Cisco. So I guess I’ll share their disappointment. But I would say two things. We have had a long and healthy relationship with Cisco. We’ve also had a long and healthy relationship with U.S. Foods as well as other providers in the market which is unique to us. I think we work and partner very well with customers, and I guess the way we view this is this is clearly out of our control. I think our teams done a very good job developing plans. Certainly as if it closes and if there's unforeseen things we’ll manage through that I think quite successfully.
Doug Baker: Both. I would say certainly if there are providers of technology and/or geographic moves to be made in energy services, we would certainly use this as an opportunity to do it. But also more broadly, either in water, institutional, healthcare, F&B, pick it, in certain geographies where you’ve got some currency imbalances, we would look for opportunities too.
Doug Baker: No, I don’t even -- I don’t know that we know how to do that and it certainly isn’t in our plan. So no I wouldn’t expect any negative rebound as a consequence of actions we’re taking this year.
Doug Baker: Well, it’s not directly to governments per se in all cases. It could be state owned enterprises and others. I don’t know that I have number at hand here. 63% of that business is in North America. So you so and start whittling down from there.
Doug Baker: I think what we've seen is fairly dramatic cut back in terms of exploration capital and drilling activity. In terms of production I would say we're seeing some markets where production is up quite dramatically because they're trying to offset the negative impact of lower price, because they've got I would say some bills to pay. And in others areas, obviously ultimately we think production will get more in line with demand and I guess we forecast our belief right now is that may be well into 2016. But this is a very different energy situation than was '08 - '09 where really you had very dramatic demand disruption. This is much more oversupply situation. 
Doug Baker: Yes. Certainly a fair -- for deploying less new business for a period of time they'll see less capital deployed there. I would also say some of the things you might have to do from a volume capacity situation might be delayed six months or a couple quarters simply because of the forecast we just gave you on sales. 
Doug Baker: No, because sales are down also in energy. So I think you can use the historic numbers that you've been using as you go forward model.
Doug Baker: Well, I'd say two things. Our toughest FX quarter in 2014 was the fourth. And as you go forward, because it really started moving then. The biggest driver, and I think if you go down below embedded in those numbers we've tried to call out that the raw material moved, you're seeing a nipple in first quarter and averaging $0.10 in the next three quarters. That’s probably the single biggest rate change.
Doug Baker: The CIP I would say continues progress well bit we've I think tried to say that that thing is going be a slow build over a period of time. And so while it's doing what we expect it to do, it's not a big volume driver yet. What I would call it is it's very important in continuing to build our relationships and attract new customers. So in '15 we would expect that to be like little over a $1.5 million. In terms of solids for water, that one is -- uptake is much faster. We would expect $12 million in revenue next year, off a much smaller base and then APAC Europe is about $30 million. We are rolling out what I call our generation that we've been selling in the U.S with some tweaks for formulation in Europe. We're having great success there. That’s going quite well. Those would probably being the big early drivers in terms of what you would expect to see from innovation.
Doug Baker: No it I think what we're going to see is a much more dramatic impact in North America. I mean, you want a big generalization. Because really there's a bunch of private companies reacting to a market. And when you get outside of the U.S, it's not completely true, but in many instances you've got different factors driving pumping decisions if you will, in terms of -- I think in the fourth quarter, it was announced that Russia had record oil production. So it certainly wasn't a price trigger. It was they need to feed Russia. And so if you are going to offset a decline in price, you're going to do it through more volume and so they're not alone in that. You see that in other countries. So it's a consequence. You're going to see a more dramatic fall I think and probably bounce back in North America.
Doug Baker: I would say there's always -- you never say never on questions like that. But I'd say is there is no material concentration in terms of how the business is spread. You also typically -- we're also selling to intermediaries who are taking some of that risk, and at the end of the day they've got a great backing, which is they hold the oil.
Doug Baker: Yes P.J., I guess I would say, we never really lost our interest and our belief in healthcare even as a consequence of energy's very stellar run. So I guess we're clearly steadfast. What we did say last year is we were quote unquote putting it in the shop because we had some work to do on the offering. I think that time has been well spent. It's not like we love 4% growth in the fourth quarter. It's just better than 1% growth. But it's the step you have got to take if you want to get back to high single-digits and ideally hopefully back to double-digits. So I'd say healthcare remains a great area, we believe for us to play and we remain very interested in continuing to build that business.
Doug Baker: Yes. We expect to make more money this year. That's part of the equation. But yes we've certainly done the math here. 
Doug Baker: It’s going to be more muted because it’s Europe but no, we would expect that we are going to have improved sales in 2015. I would say all the signs that we see, the business steadily, if you looked underneath, got better throughout the year. It was modestly positive in 2014 if you’re all in. We see pretty good start to the business in 2015. We’d expect to have a couple of points of sales growth which is going to be critical because it’s going to be a real driver now going forward of margin expansion. And if we see that we think we’re going to have another very, very positive year in terms of margin expansion.
Doug Baker: Well, really it’s -- the volume is -- at the end of the day, we’re mostly in the production phase and we’re also in the refining phase and that’s going to be mostly driven by demand. Demand of oil year-on-year is going to be slightly up is the forecast, very slightly. But you’re not having a huge degradation in volume of oil produced around the world. Well, you’re going to have produce but not a consumed. And so we’ll take some production hit on this thing but you also have to understand underneath there as old comes on and new comes on, we have a significant step up in the amount of stuff consumed in the new wells. So taking a linear drive on this across the enterprise. This is not going to work and it’s not just price. We’re not stuck on the price.
Doug Baker: Certainly in total it’s going to be around 2%. Obviously the mix is going to be somewhat different. We’re not going to see the same adds obviously in energy services and you'll probably see a little more in institutional as a consequence of the strength there.
Doug Baker: Well, I think if you go to Page 9 we gave you what the embedded raw material savings are and EPS. You know the number of shares. You can get into it. We’re trying to make this clear. I would say a lot of these -- half of that benefit and this is the way it falls, because energy buys more oil based or oil derived raw materials than our other businesses. And they will see the most benefit. Some of that will be given back in the form of cost relief to customers as a consequence of our cost plus contracts. We have other businesses where really they do not a dramatic change in raw materials. Institutional as some savings, fairly modest, because you also have a lot of caustic and other materials that they buy which are not going to be impacted by the price of oil. I would say across the enterprise what's often lost when we have this discussion is what are the inflation drivers in our business? It's rarely, really raw materials. We spend a lot more on people then we do on raw materials and our people costs go up every year, both in terms of salary or what we pay them and benefits. And that is the number one inflation driver and certainly will be an inflation driver this year, even for those businesses, seeing material raw material savings. They will still net have inflation, i.e. the costs will be higher. How do we offset that productivity gains, really driven by implementation, new technology, we work to do a number of things, reformulation of products. So we can give a better product at a lower raw material cost. But this trade is also got to be favorable for customers where ultimately you start cashing in your good will over time which is a bad thing to do if you want to be share leader for an extended period of time. So I don’t know that helps but I would look at Page 9. I think a lot of answers are there. Or if you have model questions, you can certainly Mike or Lisa.
Doug Baker: Yes, what I mentioned earlier, we went and challenged our businesses to go relook at where synergies would likely exist, and maybe we didn’t find them at the rate we expected, that we have gone after and re looked at opportunities both in regional costs and some corporate cost, as well as within some divisions where we had some I would say natural synergies as well, say WPS, where we folded in the historic Ecolab business into the WPS business and in those areas. So certainly we use the opportunity that FX pressure has bought to challenge our team to get after and take another look.
Michael Monahan: Thanks, Doug. A final note before we start Q&A. We plan to hold our annual tour of our booth at the National Restaurant Association Show in Chicago on May 18th. And looking further ahead, we also plan to hold our 2015 Investor Day in Saint Paul on September 10th. If any questions, please contact our office. That concludes our formal remarks. Operator, would you please begin the question and answer period.
Michael Monahan: Yes, I would say in almost every instance you're going to have stronger sales performance of Q1 versus Q4 with the exception of energy. And what's driving it is the strong cooperate account growth that saw last year which was up dramatically from a very strong year in 2013, and we had a great innovation pipeline last year. Typically these things are leading indicators, and so we are expecting forecasting stronger growth nearly across the board from our other businesses.
Michael Monahan: Yes, it would be hard to pull out. I would say that is one of the contribution as to why you're seeing stronger institutional growth in particular. So U.S institutional in the fourth quarter was -- and I would say actually the underlying is as strong as this. There was reported 7% growth, which is faster than we've seen for quite a while. I would think that the first quarter probably, the only exception is maybe a little lighter because you also have some inventory stuff going on in there. But that business has been accelerating steadily for a number of quarters and will have a real benefit from consumer uptick and spending particularly in full service restaurants and casual dining which we're seeing.
Michael Monahan: Yes, I don't think we feel at all impaired in our ability to go, serve and do what we've been doing, but there are opportunities if you will to have -- I guess stretch our capabilities and create new opportunities and those would be the areas that we would be looking at it. So it would be somewhat similar technology but in a new area that would allow us to play and expand our footprint. 
Michael Monahan: Thanks everyone. That wraps up our fourth quarter conference call. This conference call and the associated slides will be available for replay on our website. Thanks for your time and participation today. Our best wishes for the rest of the day to you.
Scott Schneeberger: Curious, with regard to some of your more upstream areas in energy and well completion, anecdotally what are you hearing from customers on the volume, on the price side? We obviously see the guidance and how it progresses through the year. But are you sensing aggressive behavior from your customers there, just anecdotally what’s you’re seeing and hearing from your [indiscernible].
Scott Schneeberger: And following upon that, internally would we see any material change in CapEx over the course of 2015, may be into '16 with regard to energy just on the commodity prices.
Scott Schneeberger: Nothing that will take you too much off your historical total company CapEx to revenue relationship.
