Douglas M. Baker: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everybody. Look, I'll just have a few comments and then we'll open it up for Q&A.  So all in all, I feel very good about the way we finished the year. It was clearly on a positive note. It was our best adjusted EPS growth for the year of 17%. We had improving sales trends, which we expect to continue as we move into 2012. Pricing caught up to raws. We had great integration work. We closed on the Nalco merger. And most importantly, we didn't let this work on the Nalco merger distract the team, hence, the delivery of 17%.  I also feel good, about as good as you can feel in this world today, as we look to 2012 and beyond. The Nalco merger, I would have to characterize as going quite well. We like the business. We like the growth momentum. It's a great team. We've gotten to know the team much better. There's real upsides and synergies. Both growth and cost are real, and we believe we can get after these. There's great operating leverage in this business as we start laying on the Ecolab operating model, and there's great technology sharing opportunities going both ways, Nalco technology into some of the legacy Ecolab businesses and vice versa. So there's terrific opportunities as we foresaw when we put this together.  So looking at 2012, we've got the makings for another very good year. We've got accelerating businesses from a top line standpoint, great market positions. I tell you, our teams are quite focused on getting after what they need to, driving new business, driving innovation, executing. There are upsides in cost savings and synergies and possibly pricing should the market or the raw material markets go against us. So net, we have a lot to do, no doubt about it, but we really do see a path to upper-teens-EPS type delivery in 2012.  So with that as a backdrop, we'll open it up for Q&A.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, Dave, we actually had an announcement earlier in the month where we've raised it up to $250 million on a going basis. And so this year, it went from roughly $35 million to $75 million anticipated synergies. And I guess what I was alluding to in the opening comments is as we continue to push and look for this, there are going to be additional cost savings opportunities, and it's going to start to becoming difficult to distinguish between cost savings and synergies as we go forward. But the point is there are additional opportunities in our business should we need to get after them.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We were up for the year in 2011 versus 2010. It's a little north of 60 basis points. I think it was 65 basis points. Now I will tell you that was shy of the 100-basis-point target that we gave at the beginning of 2011. And fundamentally, what happened was the Renaissance work, which was a codename that we have for the restructure activity, more than delivered against its plan, but it was offset by significantly higher raw materials. We anticipate the pricing will catch raws in the second half in Europe, and we expect that we will see the 200-basis-point increase in 2012 versus 2011 that we talked about last year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Gary, I think there's 2 things. Yes, most of it is going to be in the second half. That's simply how cost savings come on, and you got 2 factors when it comes to synergies. We have cost to achieve, i.e. we have a dedicated team. The team is going to be at its largest point at the beginning of the year and at the smallest number at the end of the year. So the cost to achieve end up declining throughout the year, and obviously, the growth synergies grow throughout the year. So you're net increases quite dramatically quarter-by-quarter. So if you look at page -- Slide 11 of the deck that we also sent out as part of the earnings release just before this call, we talk about a $0.02 contribution from synergies, net synergies in Q1 and $0.16 for the next 3 quarters. And obviously, the $0.16 builds. It's not a straight average over the 3.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I guess the unfortunate part was we expected Europe growth to be improving this year if you had a solid footing, but we don't have a solid footing. So all the work we've done in terms of capturing new business and the rest is really neutralizing what I call market degradation. So in total, for the year, we expect the same kind of growth in 2012 that we saw in 2011, so a couple of points of sales growth. So not a terrible story, but it's a little frustrating given all the good work that's been done by that team.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say there's a long list. I think when we got in here, we knew there was a number of similarities. Business model, that fit is exactly as we thought it was. We look at the business very similarly. There's great customer focus I think on both sides from Ecolab and Nalco legacy. They focus on their field like we do. They drive innovation similarly. The talent is quite strong. So we believed it was. And I would say as we've been working together, we feel terrific about that. And synergies, as we've already gone through, are quite real, and we've increased the cost. On differences -- and I don't know that these are necessarily surprises, but you never know exactly where these opportunities are going to be. I would say Ecolab has driven over the years, and we haven't had any ownership disruptions or anything else. We really developed I would say a very strong operating discipline and operating model, and we felt that was going to add value. Erik and his team agreed as we went through it in the fall, and I think that's really going to play out. So the fact that we go through these monthly reviews, we ask for a re-forecasting every month, we want to understand where the good news and bad news is on every business every month as we look out so people have the opportunity of time to get after things thoughtfully rather than just reacting day to day. And I think that type of discipline, and I think their team would echo this, is going to be positive. On the other side, they've got much better safety discipline, and so their safety metrics -- ours aren't bad, but theirs are outstanding. And so we also see great opportunity in leveraging their know-how in that area in particular, because that's not only going to be good for our team and for our people, but it's also going to be good for our P&L.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, versus my hope, they're always worse. I'm looking for the crater in the economy to take off, but that hasn't yet happened. I would say they're probably modestly worse in some areas, raw materials. And I would say at the same time, currency is probably modestly better over the same period of time. So as we go through this, we anticipate that we're going to have surprises. If I took you back to last year, we completely got raw materials wrong. And I would say we anticipated modest raw material increase in 2011, and we got modest times 4 or 5. And so we had to overcome that in a number of areas, and I think we did quite successfully. So I think we're looking at this year understanding that we might be -- we're going to be wrong on something. It might be, again, raw materials. And I would say the team is all over driving pricing and making sure that we got safe outlets to offset any kind of raw material increases.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No. So if we mentioned Q4 margin in 2012 increasing, that wasn't intentional. So I would say we expect margins to increase throughout the year. They will accelerate principally because some of the fixed cost that we alluded to earlier represent a smaller percent of the base as you go throughout the year, and you also have increasing benefits from synergies.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Otherwise, we have a feeling it's going to be too difficult to discern what's going on in the businesses year-on-year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I would say, Dmitry, all you can ever say about pricing is it's very hard to get. With that said, both the Nalco business throughout '11 ended up I think with 5% pricing in the fourth quarter. And for the year, it was north of 3%, but you can see that it accelerated throughout the year. And on the Ecolab side, not nearly as robust but 1% pricing for the year, 2% for the fourth quarter, so also accelerating. We mentioned -- I did in my opening comments that pricing-based net raw material cost for Ecolab in the fourth quarter, which is what we had forecast in our third quarter call. So we're at equilibrium right now at work [ph] on the Ecolab side. Nalco really crossed that path in the third quarter as they really saw the price hikes hit them fourth quarter of last year, so they hit earlier than they did on our businesses. So going forward, we're going to be as reasonably aggressive as we go out there, and you got to make trade-off calls as you go seek pricing with customers. I would say every business knows that raw materials remains a risk. It's unquantifiable, truth be known. So we got to get after it early and make sure that we offset it and learn from last year, where we ended up delivering our number, but we had to overcome a real surprise in raw materials, and we don't have the same fact hit it this year.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, Mike, I mean, I guess yes on the balance of the business is up roughly 4%. Healthcare led it with 5%. F&B was around 4%, et cetera, so stronger growth outside of Institutional. Institutional is a collection of businesses. There's no doubt as you go through it Institutional had more exposure in some of the southern countries that were hit hardest given the preponderance of hospitality in Italy and Spain. So they've got a little bit worse geographic mix than some of the other businesses. With that said, I think the Institutional team -- we had a new leader go in there at the beginning of last year -- has I think gotten a much clearer plan of attack of what they want to get after. And we're also seeing Institutional, we are going to be willing to sacrifice volume for margin in that business as we go forward, and what we're really interested in driving is profitable growth there. And if we've got business that does not make sense to us, i.e., it's not worth the squeeze, we are not going to be afraid to exit it, because we want to get that business righted and get the profit correct.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. There was a little bit, but not -- I wouldn't say that was the overarching story. I would say there was some up in the U.K. But by and large, I think what you see is a business that is somewhat depressed given its geographic mix, but we would expect better outcome this year going forward. And we will be very clear if we've got some pruning and what that impact is as we go forward. I can't lay the flat growth at the heels or at the feet of pruning yet.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We basically work to get the Nalco international business lined up with the Ecolab international business. The Ecolab international businesses are on a -- not on a calendar fiscal but on a December-November fiscal. And so it's got a one-month lag, if you will, versus the north -- or the U.S. business, and so that's why it wasn't reported in that period. So you will have, in 2012, 12 months of both Nalco international, Nalco domestic, Ecolab domestic, Ecolab international.
Douglas M. Baker: No, I don't think so. We may see -- I'd say that was a round up. And you may see a round down, but they're both going to be 2%. So we expect more pricing, but we don't think it's going to go tip into the 3%.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Our commitment is a very conservative 0 impact in 2012. So we know that number is wrong. I mean, there will be something, but I think what we're trying to signal is that's going to take some time. I would say there has been very good work already laid out, literally plant by plant. We have identified every plant opportunity, because F&B and then Textile are going to be our first focus areas, every plant opportunity that Ecolab has, where the opportunity is for the WPS business, i.e. the Nalco business. So there's a lot of work done, but we really do believe that it's going to take some time. There will be certainly some impact this year, but we think the material impact is going to be '13, '14 and '15.
Douglas M. Baker: I'll do the pension. Mike can do the restructuring. We're going to -- we've got a requirement of about $109 million globally for pension contributions. We may make north of that, but we haven't made that determination, dependent on do we think it's a smart use of cash. In terms of restructure expense, I think it was -- yes. The total restructure is $125 million for the year. That includes both Renaissance, which was announced last year and the Nalco merger.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. The weighted average cost of debt is 3.5%, which is a number that we gave last July, and it's where we netted out. By and large, yes, the debt is in place, and we don't plan on significant moves this year. There is also, as we mentioned earlier, no plan to have dramatic debt paid down this year, but we will -- in out years '13 and '14, as we move forward, we do expect our ratio, our EBITDA ratio to be down at about the 2.6% range by year end.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We -- in our cash modeling and plan, we have included some money for continued bolt-on acquisitions. I would say if you go through the priority order, certainly, with the addition of energy and WPS, those guys enter into the conversation in terms of priorities. But I would say, we will look at opportunities, but I would expect these to be more in keeping with our history pre-Nalco merger, i.e. attractive bolt-ons where we think we can really drive both accretion and great returns. And I'd say one of the great stories last year for legacy Ecolab was the 3 businesses that we bought at the very beginning of the year performed exceedingly well. I mean, we had we thought pretty challenging plans, and we crushed them. We had excellent results both on the top line and earnings from those acquisitions as we found more synergy opportunities throughout the year and frankly, had better growth than anticipated.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, great question. We have, in fact, made a number of joint calls at a number of our very large customers. And I guess reception is, as we anticipated, very positive. And so the minute the deal was announced, we had very favorable reaction from our customers, because they really understand the nexus of cleaning, food safety and water, in particular. So that's gone very well. I answered the other, where we've committed to 0 growth synergy contribution in 2012, and it's about as conservative a number as you can get. I mean, truth is we've already sold a couple. They weren't huge, but we've already had some successes. And I would say the team is probably further along in the planning than I would have anticipated last July simply because we had the time, in between before closing and after and we had early determination from Hart-Scott-Rodino, so we got on it quicker. So we've talked about $0.5 billion. We said it would take us to I think 2015 to realize that. I think the $0.5 billion is very real. And obviously, we hope to get to it quicker not later, and I would say early returns are positive.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I mean, typically, the sales cycle is anywhere from 6 months. It can go as long as 18 months. We just sold a big piece of business not related to this that I think we've been calling on for 12 years. So that would be the extreme case. So typically, 6 to 18 months in the industries that we're talking about. Why did we get a few of them? I mean, sometimes you're lucky. You walk in, it's the right time. Or you got an overwhelmingly powerful relationship that accelerates the cycle, but that's not typical. And so it's going to take some time for these things to come through. I would say while we always gripe about how long the sales cycle is, this is also why our business is sticky. Once you're in there, you become very ingrained in the operations. You end up installing equipment that becomes really a critical part of our customers' operation, and so it takes a while to separate this type of business. And so it typically works on our advantage as we're the share leader. But when you're going after new business, you got to go through this type of process to prove your capabilities, prove that you're not going to have any issues before they give you the business, hence the light commitment year one.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. We love that technology. I would say we're all over it. The first priority is going to be in our Food & Beverage business, and we think there's great applications. Even before the merger, Nalco was working on 3D TRASAR for cleaning-in-place technology. Cleaning-in-place technology is really Ecolab F&B's kind of core technology. And so being able to, if you will, meld that work with work that was going on in the F&B side previously gives us a real leg up. So there's some exciting areas to get after. And F&B is priority #1, but we think 3D TRASAR will make a big difference.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think from a operating review standpoint, we've already been through a couple of months of reviews. And I think that's going to be steady progress, but it's going to take months, a couple of quarters as we go through it. That doesn't mean that we expect a bunch of surprises in the meantime, but certainly, you don't snap your fingers and have this kind of sense change. With that said, there's a couple of things. I think the Nalco businesses had very good control about what's going on in their business, great analytics, and a lot of what we're doing is really just kind of the forced discipline of sitting down routinely, asking questions going out a number of months. How do you play out these different scenarios? How does it look? How do you react to these? And all it really is set to do is to force the businesses to look out multiple quarters, while they're also obviously focusing at the quarter at hand. And so I think that doesn't take forever, but it certainly takes more than 2 meetings.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Rosemarie, the 47% net range that we gave in the January remains what we expect for the year. And I would say we always have lower margin in the first quarter, because it's the lowest volume quarter. We just don't have the same absorption that you do on the coming quarters.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes, that's our expectation. It has not changed from the January announcement. And SG&A will come down as synergies build throughout the year. They principally show up in SG&A.
Douglas M. Baker: I think that, Rosemarie, on the share buyback announcement, which we made last fall, after we announced the merger in July, we talked about a $1 billion share buyback is I think how we articulated the scale. And we said that we would complete it by the end of 2012.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, I mean when you're in here, there's a lot of things that you're estimating: raw material prices, FX, right, distributor inventory volumes. They really are related to consumption patterns, et cetera. And so you've got all those factors going in, and certainly, we try to be clear and work hard to do what we say. So those are what I would call some of the external factors that can have an impact on the quarter that are not easily predictable in a short period of time but are more easily predictable over a longer period of time.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. I think you've got a couple of things going on. We mentioned that pricing was accelerating throughout the year. So obviously, you had strong pricing in Q4, that extends into Q1. You had some raw material decline in price for them in Q4. Some of that shows up in Q1 as it moves throughout the system and -- but the most important component is growth. All right. We've had -- as you could see, they came into the year with pretty strong sales momentum, and they're going against their lowest quarter in Q1 last year at the base.
Douglas M. Baker: Well, you got a mix -- I mean, they're going to be -- it's going to be a faster growth business principally because of energy, right? The energy business is -- as we just talked about in Q4, is growing at 20%. So I would say for the combined businesses, we expect to be in the mid to upper part of our 6% to 8% organic growth position for the year. That's where we ended the year, and we expect to realize that for the full year next year as well.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. Well, I'm 53, and I don't expect to see us roll off. It'll take a long -- it takes quite a while, 8 years or so. So I mean 8 years to 12 years, when the different length of it. So it takes a while. So it's certainly not going to be a story in '13, '14.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. No. I'd say as we went through and talked about Renaissance, I think the riskiest part of our European restructuring is when we went through the EBS through SAP implementation, and that really went quite well. What we're doing here is really back office restructuring, i.e. where are we paying bills and where are we managing credit out of it and issuing invoices. Customers never care if you issue an invoice late as you long as you get the shipment there. So we haven't had really any problems, and so I would say the sales is not a result of Renaissance. I would say the sales, right now, we would expect it to be accelerating given the business we've put on. And unfortunately, I think the ground that we gained was a little bit washed away through some of the challenges in Europe. The good news is we expect to continue to have favorable top line growth, which is critical if we want to continue to see strong OI margin improvement.
Douglas M. Baker: Okay. Well, you're right. We have owned it for 90 days. I guess as we said, we were asked this question quite frequently post announcement. And at the time, we would say, "Look, we love the water. We love the energy. That's why we really went after this merger." Paper is part of the package, and as kind of an add-on, it's pretty good. It makes money. It's got a great team, positioned quite attractively given the business and everything else. Our focus this year is really not immediately portfolio review by any stretch. It is getting on the business, making sure we integrate successfully, taking accounts that we make. We've got to capture the hearts of the Nalco folks and bring them on to the Ecolab team. So it's really an operating focus. And so any portfolio work we're going to do is probably going to be in our traditional fourth quarter, which is when we, every year, review our complete portfolio, preparing for a strategic review with the board. And so that's the focus. From now on, the only thing I'll be able to do when asked about this is the same comment I'd have on any other business or any other acquisition target, which is we just don't want to go speculate on it. We have had a history of we're not afraid to exit businesses that we don't think fit nor are we afraid to buy businesses that we think do fit. So I think we've been pretty good stewards, making sure that we got a robust portfolio, and I don't expect that to change as we go forward.
Douglas M. Baker: Yes. So one, I wouldn't pay much attention to the December number. It was a U.S.-only number. They have higher margins in the U.S. anyway. It's not indicative of the global margin. Probably that 4-week period is probably not indicative of anything to be honest. So I wouldn't go use that to try to forecast what's going on. What we anticipate is we think their margins, the WPS and energy margins as well as Institutional, F&B and others, will be enhanced by the synergy work we're doing, because the G&A overhead cost that these businesses are all going to have to carry is going to be lower as a percentage of sales. And so we know that automatically starts driving enhanced operating income margins. We will report operating income margins by business, including for Nalco, going forward, because we have worked to allocate cost in the fairest manner. You only know it's fair when everybody's upset, by the way. And so we have everybody upset now, so we've got the allocation perfectly tuned. But we think it's important to get these things allocated and make sure people understand what cost they're bearing and incurring as we go forward. So all that work's been done, and going forward, you'll see operating income. We will work to give you year-on-year comparisons and all the rest on this as well, all right, so that there's real transparency. And late-breaking news, Jeff. We do have our share count now for year end, which is 292 million. Now that's -- which is not diluted, but that's the count. We will get you diluted down the road.
Michael Monahan: Dmitry, there was no comment about fourth quarter 2012. We said that for example, Nalco's business is having a strong first quarter operating income performance. That was about as far as we went.
Michael Monahan: The other side, Dmitry, is if you look at that slide, the EPS bridge Doug referenced earlier, it's very clear that we do look for accelerating earnings growth as we go through the year and such that as you get to the second half, the growth will be much stronger than the first half.
Michael Monahan: And Lucy, we expect to have pro formas out in the next few weeks. That would give you the 2011 margins, but those will be forthcoming.
Michael Monahan: Yes. Let me get back to you on the actual. I don't have that number here. We've just got weighted average.
Michael Monahan: Okay. Well, if there's no more question, we want to thank everyone for their time today. We appreciate your participation. Also, one last thing I'd like to mention is that we will be holding the tour of our NRA national Restaurant Show booth on May 7. We'll have more details as we get closer. In the meantime, if there's any questions, please contact Nicole or me in my office. So thanks again, everyone, and have a terrific day.
