Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Thanks, Mike. So our first quarter was a good start to what we anticipate will be a very good year. We had strong top line across the board, 10% reported, driven by 6% organic sales. We had good Industrial results; strong Energy; and other, i.e. Pest results; and much improved Institutional sales results. The leading metrics were also solid. New business was up double-digit versus a year ago with strong new product portfolio performance. And pricing continues to progress, and it needs to, because inflation will be even more significant than originally forecast but we believe it's well in-hand and will be well-managed. Q1 represented the high point on a year-on-year basis for raw material increases. We have increased our pricing targets and pricing will continue to build through the year and provide margin leverage beginning Q3 onwards. Separately, we're putting together a comprehensive plan to leverage our system investments, further enhancing SG&A efficiency over the next several years which will provide an added large margin lever, too. In short, we have strong underlying business momentum, pricing overcoming inflation, competence in our ability to navigate the uncertainties, all of which led us to raise our full year forecast. So with that as an overview, I'll turn it back to Mike.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well I would say we believe that if oil prices did happen to be stable for the foreseeable future, i.e. the end of the cycle, that you would ultimately get back to the mid-teens but it would take a little longer than if you had a, let's say, continuing rise in price. But we would look at that as a favorable environment, though I would also consider probably unexpected just given the history of oil and the likelihood that we haven't seen the last cycle. What we're seeing in oil is balance, if you will, in terms of supply and demand and a lot of political risk, most of which everybody suspects is baked into the price. But the political risk feels more real than not. Ultimately, there's been a lot of CapEx taken out of this business and there's going to need to be more put in just to meet the increased demand and the inability of current supply to meet that demand because it flows off. So that means new oil, and we like new oil. New oil commands more of our technology than the oil it replaces, and that even in a fairly flat environment drives market growth for us. So that's why if you said stable at $70, we would see that it's a growing market. Our ability to grow would be fairly significant over a period of time and we do believe we'd get back to mid-teens.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. We don't believe we have outsized risk on tariff. Our strategy has always been to try and make where we sell, i.e. make product, secure raw materials, et cetera in the currencies that we're building in to mitigate both currency risk from a strategic standpoint and/or trade risk. And so that will serve us well as we go through this. So I think the tariff impact for us specifically would be fairly nominal. The larger risk of course on tariffs is what to do with the overall economy which of course we wouldn't be completely shielded from, but we would share in that pain with everybody else. And historically, I'd say in difficult environments we perform well, at least relatively well.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, we've exited a couple of small businesses that were in the Energy portfolio that were particularly cyclical. They were almost completely related to drilling activity. They were equipment-related or capital equipment-related, so that occurred both fourth quarter and first quarter. So that's a little bit of a beginning of moving on a review we've performed. But that's the only thing that's occurred right now. I'd say within the portfolio and in WellChem, we continue to look for growth in what I would call the more stable part of that portfolio and emphasizing those technologies versus those that might be closely related to drilling activity, and that work has also begun. That would be the two current updates.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Sure. Yeah, we agree. I mean, Healthcare had a weaker than expected quarter. We expect it will probably continue through a portion of the second quarter. We do remain confident that the balance of the year post that is going to be back more in normal range. Europe, particularly France, is slower than anticipated. Some was just underlying market growth. We were also going against a fairly strong performance year ago in the first quarter. But we had a technology delayed by regulatory issues. Those issues have been resolved. The product is now shipping. And in the U.S., we were lapping a couple of large initiatives last year around intuitive and room hygiene rollouts. So the rollouts that we have, the new business that we have gives us confidence that this is going to be a temporary issue, and it will be back to growth.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, I would say we're a fairly constant driver of M&A and have been for a number of years. So the activity doesn't really wax and wane, it's fairly consistent. And I would say our pipeline remains rich. I think we've talked before that the businesses we're in, we're in because we believe they're growth businesses. We're open to acquisitions in virtually all of them. There are a couple of exceptions that we cited. Paper and probably the WellChem area would be the two most notable. With those as exceptions, all others we would be open to driving growth via acquisition if it makes sense. Pipeline looks good. We would expect to have other deals done this year. Obviously that's going to be dependent upon another party agreeing with us on valuation and all the rest. And we'll continue to work hard to be good stewards of the shareholders' money and not force things by paying too high a multiples.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I don't think it'll be a material change. We are working in much of the equipment that we have installed that, say, isn't connected to the Internet. And so we don't have the ability to get information from the device that's collecting it to the cloud, per se. That, we're working on retrofit items that are fairly cost-effective that will enable us to move it from the current device to the cloud, cost-effectively. So it's not going to entail a whole retrofit, like rip out and replace with all new, which would add significantly to capital over the near-term. So I don't think it's going to be a big noise.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well, the ERP investments in particular are more loaded in the first half than the second half. And we're sitting here in May 1, I would say it's going as well as these things go, meaning there's no news to report on the call. We put in a new finance package across the U.S. That turned on effectively and on time and we've got crudely 30% of our U.S. supply being run on this system. And we'll be rolling out in other waves the balance of the U.S. And that plant went on and we're manufacturing effectively, billing, shipping, collecting, all the things that you would hope would happen. So I don't think this is going to be real noise this year. If anything, it was a little better than our worst fears in the first quarter. And I would expect you would see the same thing in the second quarter as we move forward.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I would say things played out much as we foresaw during our last call. And if you recall, during that call we discussed our offense really wasn't sufficient given soft market conditions in that our offense has been impacted in particular by a delayed warewash launch which was occurring in December. So I'd say markets are marginally better. I'm not sure it's the huge driver but it certainly it's better. The offense execution I think is materially better. So while the underlying market was good globally it was decent in the U.S. Our retention results, which you brought up, continue to be very good and kind of in the best-in-class range versus our history. So there wasn't a lot of room for improvement there. What really happened is we had improved new business driven by a strong SMARTPOWER launch which is the big warewash launch I referred to earlier that had previously been delayed. I think we're also leading the shadow of the Swisher and field technology introductions that we've talked about in the past. Our view, so we had a reported 5%; really that's a 4% underlying and probably 100 basis points of that growth from channel refill. And the 4% underlying growth compares to really 3% underlying growth in the second half last year. So it's ticked up, it's ticking up as we anticipated and I would say we expect continued good execution through the year, a decent market, foresee 4% underlying growth in Q2 as well and that accelerating to end the year at a 5% underlying growth rate.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I would just say many of our customers are in a difficult environment. So large food processors and, in some cases, large beverage or brewer situations are more challenging than normal, and that always has some impact. It could lead to plant closures, consolidations, et cetera. With that said, I would say we remain quite bullish about our F&B business. We've managed through these issues over time quite successfully; expect to do the same this year. We've had a lot of net new gains in that business, many of which will start driving I think even enhanced sales performance for the balance of the year. So I think we sit in a pretty comfortable place at least as we can see right now from a Food & Beverage standpoint.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. So operating income, if you adjust out acquisitions and currency and the rest, was off I think 60 basis points. And I would say a couple of things. If you go up, I mean clearly as I mentioned earlier you're dealing with the largest year-on-year raw material impact. That will dissipate the year-on-year impact. We do not expect raw materials to become cheaper. They're simply going against an easier base because it was a more difficult situation a year ago, and that really began in Q2 last year. And so that's the comparison that eases for us. Pricing will continue to accelerate as we go through this. But at the end of the day, pricing is going to rise we think throughout the balance of the year, moving now from kind of around 1% but obviously a little north of 1% to about 2% for the balance of the year; sometimes rounding up, sometimes rounding down but building as we go throughout the year which will enable us to start seeing improved both gross margin and OI margins beginning in Q3, in some businesses as early as Q2. The real build here is mostly raw material, maybe there's (21:53) some one-time noise. There's a little bit compensation build in some businesses but that's not the big news. We have investments that are predominantly in the first half versus the second half, so it's raws, it's investments both of which ease throughout the year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Our plan is to start reporting it this year prior even to the Equipment Care divestiture. I mean, truth is it takes a while to unpack all of the businesses that existed in the formal Nalco business. I think Colloidal was sort of in and buried. I mean, we knew about the business. But as we learn more about it, it's really we would consider it. It's a good business. It's more a Specialty chemical business. Doesn't have the same service component that virtually all of our other businesses have, so it's managed a bit differently and is a little different than the balance. So the decision was really made late last year that we'd be moving this into the other category as a consequence of its uniqueness. The business, basically we got into this business, if you will – I'm saying the royal we, saying Nalco history in the 1940s and 1950s – it used to be technology used in the water treatment area that was supplanted by technology in other areas. But they learned over time that this technology made a lot of sense in other industries, polishing metal, polishing glass, molding, et cetera. So it's a business with pretty solid customers, very good margins. It grew double digits last year. We anticipate it'll probably have slower growth this year as we focus on margin there as well because raw materials are pretty much a pressure in every business. So it's a good business for us but that it belongs in other.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, getting pricing is always difficult. I would say we work hard to be sort of continually on the price program, if you will, with customers simply because we work, if you will, to smooth the ups and downs in the raw material market with our customers. We can because raws represent, I don't know, 20-some odd percent of our total P&L, and all businesses would prefer sort of steady impacts versus sharp shock impacts. So when there's an inflationary period we obviously up the amount that we seek and secure from a pricing standpoint. Certainly, having an inflationary environment gives you a better backdrop for pricing discussions. We don't want to lose out on that. It also drives frankly more critical need to get it. We have very many different pricing scenarios with customers. Some have quarterly pricing clauses. At worst, we have annual pricing clauses. We have worked very hard to get out of any fixed price contracts, and we really started that work back in 2004. And as far as I know, we don't have any or any that are really material. I'm sure I could find one somewhere, but that's how we view pricing. Obviously, you have different price pressures in different businesses because raws don't all move in lockstep, and Energy and our Water businesses have more price pressure than other businesses as a percentage of raw increase and are, in turn, seeking, if you will, larger price steps from their customers to cover these; in an Energy case, also to cover price concessions given over the last few years during the downturn in the energy market. So this is a real work for our team. They've been on it. We've seen very steady sequential improvement in pricing starting in the first quarter of last year. We expect to see continued sequential improvement this year as we move through the year, and that is the numer one tool we're using to offset the raw material inflationary environment which I'd also say includes freight by the way, and it it's critical that we get this done. I'm confident we will but it is real work by the team which is appreciated and that's how we have to set ourselves up moving into next year.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I think this 4% to 5% range, 5% when things are little bit better, might reach into 6% at times, I think is a range that is sustainable from Institutional alone, even given what I would call modest market or semi-challenging market conditions. So look, we continue to make sure that we secure share and secure great positions in all market segments. It's the best way we can predict – or, I mean, protect our ability to grow in almost all environments. We've done a good job there. We've always been after the emerging chains. We worked very hard in fast casual segment and done a good job securing share there as well. We do a good job partnering when it makes sense for customers between QSR and Institutional, as QSR increasingly looks to develop labor-saving devices, read warewash machines and other technology in their units because of the pressure on labor wages via both healthcare and just rising wages and the pressure on $15. So all of these things come to play. So I think I was very clear. For a while, Institutional was growing at the 7% rate, and I said it's not our terminal rate of growth. Don't bake this in. It's faster than we're going to see for the foreseeable future. And when we were at 3%, I was also saying, don't bake this in. This is lower than we anticipate and believe that we're going to see. Getting back in this 5% range is I think quite achievable and reasonable, and it's a reasonable expectation going forward.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Sort of it's the mirror and, I mean, it's opposite of what we I guess experienced in the downturn. WellChem is moving quickest and U.S. is moving quickest, and it did in the downturn and it is in the upturn. And so clearly WellChem is the fastest growth business, but it also had the largest decline. It's also we're seeing the earliest largest price traction, which you would expect because it had had the most price degradation as well as we went through. The good news is, as we went through the decline we would swap out technology when we had the lower price so that we protected, in most cases, our most efficacious technologies from taking big price declines. We are now reintroducing that technology because of needs of the market, i.e., to get more out of existing holes in the ground. That's working. I would say you're seeing in OFC better pickup in terms of sales in North America, again mirroring what we experienced before, i.e., U.S. went down fastest, it's now recovering quickest. We would expect to see recovery broadly around the global regions, starting more like next year. So there's still more in front of us we think even in this current price environment. So I don't know if that helps. Those are the areas. Downstream was more steady, I think you're seeing more steady. It's going to be mid-single digits this year. But there again we're getting pricing, because we had some concessions and we have raw material impact. So pricing is a focus in all three of the areas, but you're seeing the most dramatic pickup in WellChem.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah, I would – I think given the size of Institutional, I mean, you certainly get into this equation in many businesses where you need to hire sales people in advance of growth, given where they are in terms of development, particularly if you're smaller and you have a more underdeveloped sales team that – I mean, if you think at the very beginning of a business, if you don't hire anybody in sales, it's going to be hard to grow. Institutional is at a point of maturity where we're a little bit out of that mix globally on average. There are markets, read China, parts of Southeast Asia, even in cases in East Europe and some other specific areas, where we do have to add sales in advance of growth. And we are doing that and we'll continue to do it. But I would say in the more mature markets, i.e., U.S. and/or Western Europe, that's not really the situation we're in. We much more try to add almost as a percentage of growth or expected growth as we go through. We are adding but not at a dramatic rate.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well, I'd certainly think there'll be very few customers at the end of a two-year period who haven't been touched on pricing, i.e., last year and this year. And some in fact will have been asked for several price increases. It's very dependent upon the business and the raw material pressures in a given area and/or their product mix. So it's hard to generalize, but I'd just say many will have two. I mean virtually all will have one.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: No, we're impacted clearly. We use a lot of common carriers for both shipments in between facilities of our own shipments as well as customer shipments. Freight is a real challenge and we're doing a number of things. We're looking at our freight policies. We're looking at our freight breaks. We're reevaluating minimums and all the rest of the stuff. I mean, the best way to reduce freight is reduce shipments, and I don't mean reduced tonnage. So we've got to look at ways of economizing and being smarter here, and it's in our customers' best interest too. I would say everyone that's in business in the U.S. fully understands this and is experiencing it first hand. So it's not new, it's not real news, and nobody can pretend this is a made up issue.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. That's always been our most difficult competitive environment. It remains so. That's a truism for the last several decades. We don't expect it to change dramatically. I don't know that we've seen dramatic change in the competitive environment there. Our largest competitor is Diversey. They're with a new owner now. They remain quite price aggressive but they've been price aggressive for as long as I've been at the company, and that's almost three decades now which is tough to admit. So I don't know what to say. I mean, it's not our best performing business in that region. We've stabilized sales. We would expect based on leading indicators that we'll move to growth in the second half, be relatively flat to minorly up in the first half but nothing significant, but improved in the second half as it looks right now.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well I'd say the FX gods have finally coughed up a few points which we greatly appreciate. I would say this. I still believe this is a 20% OI business. And even when we rolled out that target, we were fairly clear to say it wasn't going to occur by 2020 but we got a little hung up on alliteration or at least the magic of 2020 and 20%. So I would say it's going to be in the early 2020s. I would certainly hope before 2025, but it's a goal that I think is achievable and is reasonable for this company to pursue. We look at other companies with the advantages that we have in technology and capabilities with customers. They achieve it. I don't see any reason why we can't also. The key isn't, from a customer standpoint, your margin; the key is the value. And if we continue to do a great job bringing great value to our customers, they're going to measure this not on what we make but on what benefit it brings to them, and that's how they calculate value, i.e. what they're willing to pay. So for us to do it, we've got to keep delivering and developing great new technology. I like what we've got in the pipeline. We'll see.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. So I would say the Water business had really pretty strong results in virtually every region. And if you look at sort of that core heavy/light Water business accelerated and its organic growth rate in the first versus the fourth, so it continues to strengthen in a number of areas. The only region and the only place that we are still recovering in in the core Water is really China heavy industry, and a lot of that has to do with what's been happening in China heavy industry, i.e. they've been shutting down plants and facilities and obviously you don't sell a lot when the facility goes out of business. That too will pass. I think we're in good position there to accelerate that business moving forward, so we feel good about where we are in Water broadly. From a pricing standpoint, I would say generally we're having good success in pricing. Asia is always a tougher environment to get pricing than the other markets but we are also pushing very hard to make sure that we secure pricing there as well. But I guess our Water team and I remain confident that we are going to secure the pricing we need to start seeing margin leverage in that business beginning in Q3 as well.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well every one of my either private or public predictions around Venezuela and the regime change and everything else have been completely wrong. So based on my track record, I would take all this with a grain on salt. Someday I got to imagine things will change politically in Venezuela. I have no idea when that's going to occur. We did have to deconsolidate. We no longer had control over that business in any reasonable way, and I think you've seen that play out for a number of companies over the last few years. We are still operating in Venezuela. It's not easy. We have literally 50-year customers in that market that we've worked very hard to continue to support as we go forward. They were customers before this regime. They will likely be ongoing entities post this regime. And so what we've worked very hard to do, and I'll just describe it because I don't think it's going to happen in the near-term, is preserve the option for the company by making sure that we support this business without investing more dollars, and that's a trek, so far so good. But it's important that we maintain, if we can, the support for these customers. They've been very important to us over a number of years and we want to make sure we do everything we can for them within reason. We won't do anything illegal. We won't put anybody in harm's way, et cetera, but it's a very, very challenging situation. So I wouldn't count on it and I certainly wouldn't buy the stock based on a Venezuela turnaround but we do work to keep the option open for the company.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I would say Energy is going to turn margin-positive year-on-year potentially Q2, it won't be dramatic. Q3, we're quite confident it will be positive by Q3. So I'd say over the next couple of months it's going to be turning positive from a margin standpoint. I don't know what the math is exactly is going to be in Q2 but I will tell you it will turn in Q2.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Dmitry, I think the Pest business has been really performing at a very high level for several years now and we expect it to continue this year, so high single-digit type growth is I think a fair expectation. I certainly have it as we look at the business. And, yeah, they're doing it the old fashioned way. I mean, they're keeping customers and selling new ones. It's strong U.S. performance but also good performance in our Europe businesses which are other businesses of scale. So it's fairly uniform. They're doing a good job on some of the smaller international businesses as well and have improved those businesses. We had, if you went back a few years, couple businesses there that weren't performing in a satisfactory manner certainly from an operating income standpoint and they've improved as well. So I feel good about where we are in Pest.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: I don't remember the exact date sitting here, but in my head I want to say October, December – I don't – fourth quarter.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well, to be clear, we too like the Paper business, and our desire not to add to it through acquisition is not a statement that we don't like it. I don't plan on adding onto my home but I still like it. So I would say in the Paper standpoint, we do invest in it. We invest in R&D. We do not pull punches. If we're in a business, we're in it to win it. And we need to make sure that we stay in the inv1estments needed to meet customer needs today and tomorrow. And so we have a very active R&D portfolio. In fact, we have several real breakthrough items that have come through the Paper R&D development that frankly we think are going to be quite positive in other parts of our business as well. So I want to differentiate that comment. And so as long as we own a business, we're on the gas. We're working to grow it. There's some portfolio management about where do you really want to go put incremental dollars, and that's a diff1erent decision. So I'm with you. I like the Paper business. We've invested. It's done quite well for us. We always said it was maybe the third most attractive business, but it was still attractive when we purchased Nalco, so a lot of this is that history that goes back now seven, eight years. But since then, Paper EBITDA margins and all the rest have improved handily. And we're proud of what that team's accomplished and look forward to what they're going to accomplish going forward.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. No, I think the 6%, we've talked for a long time that we believe that's kind of a going rate for our business. I believe it's a going rate for the balance of the year. Whether every quarter exactly at 6% or some number right around it, could be above, could be below. But I think for the year our expectations would be in that range for organic sales growth.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. Well, the difference is that we've had sizable investments in systems. And we've talked about it, and we've talked about high water marks and that this has been important to us and we think setting the stage for the future. Well, whenever you're justifying those internally, obviously there's a return on that investment. And the return is typically driven by efficiencies. So we're getting at a point where there's some maturation on these system implementation plans. And it is now time to start putting in place the plans to specifically harvest, if you will, the efficiencies that these enable. And these aren't overnight efficiencies. These are efficiencies that you build over several years, but you've got to get after kind of a start date and get pushing on this fairly aggressively, or you never quite realize your full potential. And so what this is about is sort of declaring that it's time now to switch from investing to also implementing the efficiency benefits that we're going to see, and that's what we're talking about. So there'll be more conversation about this going forward. This will be another important lever in our arsenal. We always talk about continuing to drive OI margin over periods of time and certainly this is going to be one of the tools that enables us to do that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, typically we end up covering a lot of the cost. What happens is when we have large installs and so, if you will, big new business, you end up with fairly significant install expense, some of which is depreciated, some of which is just taken to the P&L. And we've chosen to do that over the years, but that can get outsized on – when you do 13-week reporting, it can look and make that specific period look a little odd. That's the only reason we're talking about it. If it was just in the context of a whole year, it sort of gets smoothed out. But since we have quarterly reporting periods, we need to reference it so that people understand why we may have near-term margin impact. Once it's behind us and customers start consuming at going rates, you quickly end up smoothing any of that distortion out of your P&L, and so that certainly happens within a couple of quarters max, that you start getting at more going rate, if you will. But there's a little pain upfront. Now this is good pain. We like this. We'll take this all day long. A lot of this, this is in the Institutional segment, much of it's in our Specialty business in particular. But it's good news, but that's how this shows up and why.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: The SMARTPOWER delay was principally in the U.S. It was supposed to go early in 2017. It went very late in 2017. So it's sort of old news but I referenced it last quarter and talked about it as one of the impacts and also one of the reasons we were confident that we were going to see a pickup beginning in Q1, which we did see.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well I would say typically, Rosemarie, when we're in a, let's say, a non-inflationary or even a deflationary, we'll continue to seek price. We may round to 1% but we're not getting 1% typically in those environments exactly. I would say we're talking about now moving up. This isn't corporately close or even over 2%. It's not exactly the same in every business. You have different pressures so some are going to be above that, some below. The other is, as we've talked in the past, pricing is one of the tools that we use to offset this; the other is new technology. And as we rollout new platforms, the new platform is typically priced double-digit ahead of the old platform if you equate it to a price per pound, kilo, or liter basis. And so that's I would say historically our number one tool. So it's all of these working together. But when you have inflation like this you can't only rely on new technology; you have to make sure that you're driving just, as we call it, naked pricing as well, i.e. you're getting $50 on this stuff and now I need $51, $52.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well we certainly are utilizing surcharges in certain businesses and geographies around freight because it's the fastest way to go start securing additional revenue to cover some of those costs. So we are doing that.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well it's about $85 million or was last year. No, I mean, this isn't a big strategic move. It's more a move of how do you manage what's in what segment based on accounting rules amongst other things. So it's where it belongs. I mean, it's been managed well. Last year it grew double digits, so I don't have any real issue with the focus that's in place on the business at all.
Douglas M. Baker, Jr.: Well we didn't. As I always say, we focus on our range, not consensus since it moves around all the time. So it wasn't really because we had a beat versus the average or the consensus number. I think it was really looking at our underlying business strength. We're obviously much further in the year than we were when we have to give the initial range and it was based on underlying strengths. A lot of the other factors sort of neutralize each other at this point in time, so it's really looking at sales trends, et cetera.
