Greg C. Garland: Okay. Jeff. Thank you. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. During the quarter, the Gulf Coast region was impacted by Hurricane Harvey. We're very proud of how our employees responded to the challenges caused by this storm. They did extraordinary things to help their families, friends, and neighbors, and they worked to safeguard our assets and communities. Through these efforts we were able to ensure critical energy products were supplied to first responders, businesses and consumers. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings were $858 million, or $1.66 per share. Our Refining utilization rate was 98% for the quarter. We operated well across our Refining system. Utilization for Atlantic Basin and West Coast regions exceeded 100%. Our Gulf Coast region ran at 93%, reflecting hurricane impacts at Sweeny. Our Chemicals businesses, on the other hand, was challenged due to extended downtime related to the storm. In advance of the hurricane, operations were shut-in at several of our Gulf Coast facilities where we have Refining, Chemical and Midstream assets. In early September, we started up many of these assets, including facilities at Sweeny, which were back to full operations by mid-September. Our Lake Charles and Alliance refineries ran through the storm with minimal operational issues. Our employees worked through the logistical challenges to get crude in our refineries and ensured products were getting out to market. Additionally, in Midstream we took operations down at the Pasadena, Beaumont and Freeport terminals. These facilities all resumed operations in early September. Our most significant impact was in Chemicals at the CPChem Cedar Bayou facility in Baytown, Texas. Cedar Bayou received 60 inches of rain it poured 8 feet (3:19) of water in various locations within the facility. A phase start-up of operations is underway with most units expected to be online by the end of November. We remain focused on executing our strategy. We're committed to operating safely, reliably and in an environmentally responsible manner. We demonstrated this commitment during the storm and the aftermath. We have also made progress this quarter advancing key growth and return projects. In Midstream, we continue to invest in the Beaumont Terminal to increase our storage and export capabilities. We're building additional 3.5 million barrels of crude storage, which is expected to be in service by the end of 2018. We're also expanding the terminal's export facilities from 400,000 barrels a day to 600,000 barrels a day. This is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. Earlier this month, we contributed in Merey Sweeny and our 25% interest in the Bakken pipeline to Phillips 66 partners in a $2.4 billion transaction. This is the largest acquisition to-date for PSXP. PSXP is well positioned to achieve its goal of $1.1 billion run rate adjusted EBITDA by the end 2018. DCP Midstream is increasing the Sand Hills NGL pipeline capacity from 280,000 barrels a day to 365,000 barrels a day and is expected to be in service by the end of the year. DCP plans to further expand the capacity to 450,000 barrels a day in the second half of 2018. Sand Hills is owned two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 partners. Also, DCP continues to focus on expansions in high-growth basins. The Mewbourn 3 gas processing plant is being constructed in the DJ basin, is expected to start up in the fourth quarter 2018. Also in the DJ, the O'Conner 2 gas processing plant is scheduled to be complete in 2019. In the Permian Basin, DCP plans to jointly develop the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline to link natural gas production to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. In Chemicals, CPChem started up two new 1.1 billion pound per year polyethylene units. Through the impacts of Hurricane Harvey, we now expect commissioning of the new Cedar Bayou ethane cracker to begin in the first quarter of 2018. Together these assets will increase CPChem's global ethylene and polyethylene capacity by approximately one-third. In Refining, we're progressing return projects to include proved clean product yields. A diesel recovery project in the Ponca City Refinery is on track to start up in the fourth quarter. We're modernizing FCC units at both the Bayway and Wood River Refineries. We expect these projects to be completed in the first half of 2018. Financial discipline, with an emphasis on returns, and prudent capital allocation is fundamental to our strategy. We're further lowering our 2017 capital expenditures guidance to about $2 billion. During the quarter, we returned over $800 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Earlier in October, our board approved a new $3 billion share repurchase program. The new program increases the company's total share repurchase authorizations to $12 billion since 2012. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financials.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I mean, Neil, thanks for the question. So someone said that's wide enough you could drive a truck through it. But it's been very consistent with the last couple of years we've been saying $1 billion sustaining capital and $1 billion to $2 billion of growth capital, and $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase. So we go to the board in early December on our capital budget, and I certainly don't want to front run that. But what I would tell you in terms of capital, we still expect we're going to be on the high end of that range. In terms of share repurchase, we don't expect we're going to be on the low end of that range.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so Paul, I would tell you, we're more constructive on refining for 2018. Certainly if you think back to 2016, coming into 2017, we were pretty negative. But we've seen the inventory clear out with the hurricanes, fundamentally demand is pretty good. We're in the turnaround season now and in the first quarter. So I think we're – our view is we're starting to be at mid-cycle or better in terms of cracks in 2018, and so we're pretty positive around that environment. The other thing I would just say is across the portfolio, we're pretty happy with the portfolio. You get frustrated from time to time with California and what goes on there, but still reasonably good assets, well positioned, generating good cash for us. And so I don't think you'll see us doing things with the California assets in the near term. And then fundamentally, I think about 2018 for us, we're coming off of kind of peak capital spending, we've got the new assets coming on, so we really are hitting the pivot point in terms of free cash flow generation for us with new cash coming from the – assets coming on and reduced capital expenditures. So I think I'm pretty constructive about 2018.
Greg C. Garland: So I think that's true. I think that when you look at our portfolio, how we're configured, we do like distillate because we make a lot of it.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think in terms of costs and construction costs, I'm not sure we've seen a big decrease yet. I think as the E&P's tap the brakes that will free up some capacity. But there's still a ton of petrochemical going on, on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And so that obviously plays into that. But I don't think we've seen it.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Paul. So I would say, so the CapEx coming down is a function of a couple things. One is we're kind of through that big push in terms of the big projects we've been doing. And then led by you and others, I think there's an important conversation going on, on growth and returns in the upstream business. And as we look at what's going on out there, we see a lot of return challenge projects. And part of our reduction in capital this year has been around the delay of the frac decision. But it's also around some projects that we've just chosen not to proceed with that we had laid in the plan because they didn't meet our return hurdle requirements. So I think you had that dynamic going on too. And then everyone's looking at the Permian. And in a $40, $60 world it seems to make sense. But everyone sees the opportunity, and so there's a lot of people chasing the volumes coming out of the Permian. And you just look at those returns, and those are tough returns, particularly in the Midstream space.
Greg C. Garland: So I would tell you that, I mean we are advancing the next project. We're doing engineering work on it. We haven't agreed on a date for the FID for that project. But I'm guessing it's sometime late 2019, 2020 would be the appropriate time on that, Doug.
Greg C. Garland: I think that's part of the formula, too. And I think when we think about the fourth quarter turnarounds, et cetera, we're probably $4 to $6 on that spread. But I don't think that's sustainable long-term. I think as you get into 2018 and some of the infrastructure, you get normalization in the markets. We're still thinking long-term that that spread is something under $4.
Greg C. Garland: Valuations still look high to us. So I do think that – particularly if you look at the Midstream space, you have a lot of folks that are highly levered, high yield, high cost of capital, trying to compete out there. So I do think there's going to be some consolidation coming in the Midstream space. So we'll see how that plays out. But when you look at some of the assets have changed hands at 20 times, it's just hard to see how you create value doing that for your shareholders.
Greg C. Garland: So just think about the total balance in the system. As we get the polyethylene back up at Cedar, I think that we plan to get up pretty quick, and we plan to be running at capacity for the new project.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Paul, so we kind of looked at that. And I know there's a lot of exuberance in the industry around the spec change, and I think it's probably constructive in terms of diesel cracks, but I don't think it's going to be enough that it would incent us to make an investment. So, right now, we have no plans to really invest anything around our assets in terms of that, and we look at the spec change and how it might impact our facilities. It's a little bit of an impact at Ferndale, Wood River, and Bayway and through adjusting the crude slate and just destroying it in the cokers, we can manage that. And then on the upside on – so it's 3.5 million barrels a day in a 35 million barrel market, it should be constructive. But I think ship owners are going to have options. How they impact that. And so I don't think we're just describing a lot of upside value yet to the IMO spec change in terms of the cracks.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think without question, we're going to generate more free cash flow. Long-term, we're still comfortable with our 60-40 allocation methodology, and so although this year we're closer to 50-50 probably when you look at it. And we'll flex as we need to around that. But long-term I still think the 60-40 is good guidance and appropriate of how we'd like to allocate capital.
Greg C. Garland: I think we've been pretty consistent. We're going to be at $1.1 billion run rate EBITDA at the end of 2018. And certainly I think we have assets in the portfolio, we could blow past through that if we wanted to. But I don't think you'll see us do that. We'll be consistent with the guidance. And as you think about post 2018, I think the market is going to tell us how fast to grow, what top quartile really looks like in that. But the thing we want to emphasize is that we have the portfolio of assets that we can grow at that necessary rate to build value for the unitholders and for the shareholders of PSX.
Greg C. Garland: Well, what we think about it is: A, is there a thing going shipping rates, are there things on the loading contract. And then there's acquisition costs. We bought on the outside, the propane, so logistics costs around that. Thinking about our product logistics, so we've made success in reducing those costs. So it's a combination of all of the above that you work on and then of course there's always the operating cost of the unit. But I think we're really focused on is how do we work on the product realizations and the purchase realization, and then also the commercial contract side as a way to drive that. But that's what you have to keep working on and trying to increase your spreads in this market.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. I'm just saying when you take – when you look at the LPG terminal and you look at the volume and you – $0.05 a gallon is about $100 million, and that's a target we'd like to put out there. But it's going to take – it takes a lot of work and, but that's where we'd like to see that go.
Greg C. Garland: I think if you tried to pick up space on one of the pipes today out of Cushing to the Gulf, you would find that the spot rates are higher. And I think that speaks to that there's just a lot of demand for that movement. And so it's kind of created a market dislocation as a result of that. When you get new pipes, using the Sealy, I mean the Sealy connection sets with Enterprise, some of those will begin to alleviate that. The new pipe order in Memphis will probably start to pull on WTI as well. But I still think, given the export pricing that we're seeing with the strong Brent, you're going to want to move that south. So it's going to be interesting to watch over time just how valuable that pipeline space continues to be.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Hi, Neil. It's Tim Taylor. In terms of the operating units at Cedar Bayou, we've gotten our first unit back up in operation in mid-October. It's the 1-hexene unit, which is a very critical component for polyethylene manufacturing globally. And we've done that. We're getting utilities back up as we speak. And we would anticipate that the cracker should be up by mid-November. And then there's a couple of polyethylene units that will come up maybe in early December. So essentially by mid-November, we expect to have most of that complex back up. And it's really around making sure the instrumentation that was wet is functional, replacing that, motors, those kinds of things. So it tend to be a lot more electrical work in terms of the repair on the facility. And as you might guess, bringing back electrical power substations and switchgear for that. A similar story around the cracker. There's two things going on the new cracker at Cedar Bayou. One, there was a need to repair some of the instruments and the motors that are associated with the new cracker. That's ongoing as well. But in conjunction with that, we've continued to work on completing the mechanical part of that. And that's gone well as well. So we've been able to pull the progress forward like we had hoped on both of those, and so the mechanical completion in the first quarter on the start-up looks in terms of feed in, we're still confident that we can hit that date and that really puts us I think in the full commercial operation on new cracker in the second quarter. So, more to come as we go through that, but we have been pleased with the progress that everyone on the team out there has made in terms of their commitment, the organization and getting it done, and getting that unit back in operation.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Doug, it depends a bit on the capital structure. They have the ability, clearly, great credit rating. And they have the ability to help finance those projects. And so I think that's the other variable to distribution policy. But I think both owners want to see distributions continue, yet we have to do that in the most capital-efficient way. The only other comment I'd add on that too is that CPChem continues to look outside the U.S. for opportunities as well. And so I think there's a number of things that they're looking at beyond just a U.S. Gulf Coast cracker for the second project.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Doug, as we think about it, you're right. The Gulf Coast much more linked to Brent because you've got the opportunity for imports as well as exports. What's interesting right now is the pull on WTI and more the inland crudes to make it there to the export market. And so we've actually seen some infrastructure bottlenecks that probably get alleviated, but probably speak to a wider WTI Brent, a little wider than we would have expected probably over the last year. In terms of crude slate, I think from our perspective, it certainly in the mid-con WTI's advantage versus Brent, that's a positive for that. I think on the coastal regions it just increases your optionality if you're looking at light crudes to import or to use U.S. crude. So I think the world is just kind of rebalancing about what's the optimum crude on the light side. We haven't seen much of an economic incentive to really change between light and heavy. And so it will take a lot more differential to drive that. So I think it's really been more about crude choices and I think the world is sorting out where is the best destination for the different crude types that become available. But the coastal regions are just much more competitive on that, from that basis.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think to us, A, the hurricane costs and disruptions in terms of export capability, we've seen really strong exports out of the U.S. And with that disconnect, there's a need to try and move that WTI, particularly from Cushing and other areas down into the export market. And that space has just really become more valuable. So I think the response has been that the transportation cost to get it there has gone up, and that's led to a wider differential, that probably comes in over time as that gets debottlenecked, but it looks structurally – as we think about the demand export pull, we think that leads to a bit wider WTI Brent, but probably not in the range that we're seeing today. It should be tighter.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I think if you – let's say, ethane at the end of the first quarter, you're still on the commissioning piece of that. Normally barring any equipment things, 30 to 60 days really would be kind of the expectation to shake down and make sure that all the instrumentation and the controls are tuned. So you should see a ramp-up over the quarter. But by mid-year, if we do that, you would expect it to run at design capacity.
Timothy Garth Taylor: No, we've, Ponca City is in a turnaround right now. We really haven't pushed turnarounds. We're sticking with our schedule. So we gave some guidance on that. But nothing unusual as a response to Harvey.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Okay. So I'll take the LPG, Paul. So you're right, there's the market, and it's a tight market. Propane is very dear in the U.S. and that's the market fundamental. I think that's just something that we're working through. In terms of what we have done is we've actually got the frac rate now up to the 100,000 design rate. We're loading the capability now to do 10 cargos a month. And so I think you work on the volume side that's clearly not sufficient. And then we continue to work on how to improve the cost, right. The logistics costs for all the products that we do, and so we're making progress on that. So I think we look at that and say let's work the commercial terms, let's work the cost side, and let's just make sure that we run efficiently. And then we'll keep pulling away at the market piece. But that's really the focus both particularly on the commercial side in terms of the contracting side and how we go about that. So I think that's what we do in this case, and we look out and we look at our NGL pipes are doing quite well. We're going to expand those. So we see that extra NGL supply coming. And I think those exports are going to continue to grow, and that's the market change that you're waiting to see. But in the interim, you have to continue to work on trying to improve those results through the things that you can control.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, maybe one way to think about that is $0.05 a gallon for us on that is probably on the terminal is about $100 million, and I think realistically you're looking for something in that range of $0.05, maybe slightly less, to try and drive that improvement on a short-term basis.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, certainly exports on the crude, so we're continuing to debottleneck on Beaumont for instance at our terminal storage around that, looking at our refining system on clean products. As we think around the system, we look at ways to increase options on both the products and the crude side. Those are typically smaller projects. On the bigger project side, I'd say there's a lot of activity and a lot of interest. But what we're seeing is that our customers are kind of deferred their decisions about commitments on pipes as well as this thing as they look at all the opportunities out there. And I think that was – that's a piece of the lower CapEx. But clearly the midstream opportunity is going to follow the upstream, and so we still see that. But I think we're in a period of a couple of years still that that still shakes out from the upstream side as well. And so I think we're matching the rhythm in terms of the upstream resource. And then we're shifting more to what do we do around our system, and continue to do those projects and those things that support that integrated network.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, that would be – yeah, I think two things. As Greg pointed out, a lot of competition for infrastructure right now particularly out of the Permian. But, yes, I think you're seeing that today out of the mid-con and you're seeing responses as well. So all those things come together to create the opportunity. But in the end, you need commitments from producers to make those things happen. I think that's the segment where it's most dynamic around the opportunities. So I think we'll continue to look at that from a return standpoint and opportunity standpoint, still see the opportunity, the question is, are the returns there right now that make sense.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, I think that we did a very successful financing and you'll hear it close in October. So I think it showed that we still had access to capital market. But I think, long-term, you've got to have the right optimal capital structure. So I think there's a time and a place to address that. But we haven't seen that as a significant issue for us yet. But I think it's certainly a very topical discussion and something that we think about in terms of how you deliver the optimum value for both the general partner and the LP. And so I think you've always got to keep that in mind as you think about IDRs and your capital structure at the MLP.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I'd just say that at 20 times multiple, you've got to have significant volume growth. So I think people are really thinking that there's going to be large volume growth or they've got some deeper synergies with their existing partner systems. But that's the only way that we could see that you could do that. And from our perspective, there is risk when we look at that.
Timothy Garth Taylor: So, we do have both organic projects that are maturing to help add to that EBITDA to the $1.1 billion total, and then we have the capability to supplement that with dropdowns. And so we anticipate from an equity standpoint that anything we need we can access through the ATM. But I think this is a market where you try to minimize your access to that to create the most value. So it's a pretty small gap compared to what we had, and so we think it's very achievable at a good accretive return back to the LP.
Timothy Garth Taylor: On the Rodeo project – this is Tim. I'll just respond. On that one, still working. I think it goes back to my comment that we're seeing the customers and producers just kind of deferring decisions until, I think, they sort through options in the energy markets. So I think it's one we just continue to develop a lot of interest out there on both the NGL as well as the crude side and of course DCP just did something on the gas side. So I think you just have to be thoughtful about where does it fit and can you drive maximum value to make that accretive. But the organic piece if you can put it together is certainly more accretive I think than an inorganic acquisition.
Timothy Garth Taylor: No, we've agreed on the quality issues out of Venezuela. Clearly, the OPEC cuts have impacted pretty heavily the heavy grade. So you've seen that light, medium light, heavy differential come in. But the Canadian crude has filled a lot of that gap. And so I think there's still – we've not seen any impact in our system about which crudes and the availability to buy. But where we buy has shifted significantly around as we look through options for supply. So haven't really seen a limitation on that. But we would expect that will continue as long as OPEC cuts continue to keep that narrower than what you've seen in the past couple years on the light heavy spread.
Paul Sankey: Hi, Greg. More positive dynamics in many ways in Refining. Are you cheering up about it at all? I know you've been pretty resolutely determined not to increase any spending. Firstly, I was wondering is there any potential maybe on the strength for you to think harder about leaving California, which you might have talked about in the past. And then secondly, can you see a structurally better argument for the industry right now? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: And I guess, are you guys still relatively long distillate? I think that's always been the historic case. I wondered if others have kind of caught up with you.
Paul Sankey: Yes, and then could I just follow up did you just – forgive me if I missed this – did you just address – actually, I'll tell you what. I'll ask it a different way. One of the things that's happening with CapEx is that it's coming down on costs and we've heard actually ConocoPhillips say that one of the issues was that people have kind of tapped the brakes in the U.S. E&P and I can understand how that would temper costs. But it's not clear to me with relatively tight labor markets and ongoing expansions in chemicals, how the costs have come down so successfully given the scale of labor. Labor is part of the overall budgets there. Could you just talk a little bit about where the benefits and the cost benefits have come for you guys? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: My understanding was that your CapEx could come down again. And I guess it's got a very wide range because of that cost uncertainty. Is that fair because of the lower cost certainty.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I wonder if you can give us an update on the thoughts on CPChem going to cracker 2. Obviously we're seeing some swings in the dividend distribution, it looks like. And I'm just curious if the appetite on both partners is the same to move forward and when you might expect to hear about it.
Doug Leggate: So just to be clear. That would be funded at the CPChem level. In other words, that would obviously impact distributions.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I appreciate that, Tim. Thank you. My follow up, Greg, is kind of a bit of a convoluted question, I guess. Before we had the export ban lifted on crude oil, the whole industry seemed to pivot to take advantage of what seemed to be something of a structural crude spread. I realize it's there now, but I don't think, I guess there was a debate over how wide that remains. But my point is, or my question is rather, that as you see pricing exports really ramp up in the U.S. from the Gulf Coast, pricing in Gulf Coast crude, light sweet crude seems to be linking more to Brent than to WTI, let's say. So I'm just curious. Does that change the dynamics of your crude slate? Do you see more challenged pricing coming from that shift towards lighter sweet crude? Or do you think it just kind of washes out? I'm just curious on your perception. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah Phil, so on deferred taxes, a lot of that benefit that we had been recognizing reflected the assets going into service this year and the impact of bonus depreciation which for this year is 50% year one depreciation. With the start-up of the cracker being pushed into the first quarter of 2018, we have backed off of that recognizing that benefit in 2017. And so what you saw in the third quarter was a reversal of what we had recognized year-to-date for depreciation on the cracker. And so I think when you get to the fourth quarter, you'll still – you'll see some deferred tax tailwind again. In the third quarter, it was essentially zero as the reversal offset the other positive impacts there. And then on a go-forward basis, you would normally expect given the couple of billion dollars of capital expenditures and the profile of the tax depreciation, you'd normally expect some degree of benefit from a deferred tax standpoint. And just as a reminder, bonus depreciation, 2018 assets placed in service, that first year depreciation is 40%. It drops from 50% to 40%. In 2019, it drops to 30%. And then you have the normal makers depreciation on top of that. So expect to see some, a resumption to a more normal level of deferred tax benefit in future periods.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, you will. And the big piece of the drag year-to-date on working capital has been associated with inventory build. And so you can expect to see some of that come back in the fourth quarter as is usually the case. Typically don't see the full cash benefit of that in the fourth quarter because some of it carries over into the first quarter. But I would expect to see some of that come back in the fourth quarter. The other item, I'm just thinking back to your original question, was around distributions, and so lower distributions from equity affiliates in the third quarter. The big impact there was CPChem. So we had good distributions in the second quarter, nothing in the third quarter, and we're not expecting anything in the fourth quarter given that their focus is on bringing the Cedar Bayou back up, and the new cracker. And so anticipating slightly less distributions than we would have for the year. But as you look forward into 2018, you would think with CPChem, with the CapEx coming down, the incremental cash flow from the new project. So I'd expect CPChem distributions to be $600 million to $800 million for the year, somewhere in that range to us. And then you've got DCP distributions coming at a – they're not as significant, but a reasonable rate, probably $100 million to $150 million, little bit out of WRB. So I think that undistributed equity earnings on the cash statement will come down a little bit in 2018 relative to where it's been in this year and prior years.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, I did. And that was in the context of price realization, actual price realizations relative to the marker benchmark price in terms of the way that pricing mechanism works relative to timing of when volumes go into the pipeline. So that's a phenomenon we often see in the Gulf Coast. It's all the timing effects.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Paul. This is Kevin. I mean, we broke out the actual costs associated with the hurricane. We haven't given a specific margin impact. I mean, you can kind of get there from the utilization and the volume variances that we've given. As you look forward into the fourth quarter in Chemicals, the way we see this, so you've got close to two months of downtime and repair activity in the fourth quarter compared to a month in the third quarter. So the cost element of that is going to be higher. So pre-tax, our share of the CPChem costs was $53 million in the third quarter. It's going to be north of that. It could be double that in the fourth quarter. But consistent with the third quarter, we'll special item treat that. So from an underlying basis, that won't impact the noise. And then the other element is going to be on volumes in Chemicals. So we guided to high 70% utilization. And one way to kind of think about that and rationalize it, Cedar Bayou is about a third of domestic O&P production for CPChem. So you've got a third of that production offline for two-thirds of the quarter, and you get to that kind of 20% impact on utilization.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Roger. It's Kevin. So I think the answer is yes to both. So in terms of inventory, you will see as everything comes back online some rebuild of inventory. So although the utilization will be up, the sales volumes won't quite match because of the inventory build. And then, yes, on the repair costs, those will be special items treated again as we did in the third quarter.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Faisel, this is Kevin. Well, at a minimum, we want to see our return on capital above our cost of capital. But as you look – if you look back historically, we've been across the entire portfolio 11%, 12% kind of level. And that's where we would really expect to see the overall portfolio of assets generating a blended return that gets you back to that range. Obviously we'll always take higher, and you see the different segments are generating different returns across there. But I think you're targeting getting back north of 10% as being a reasonable level to be at.
