Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon, everyone. In the fourth quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered strong operating performance and solid results in a challenging market environment. We achieved a major milestone at the South Texas Gateway Terminal with the completion of the second dock and the loading of its first VLCC. The Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit unchanged from the fourth quarter 2019. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss full year highlights. The partnership demonstrated the strength of its fee-based portfolio. Despite the unprecedented challenges of 2020 adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow only declined modestly from our strong 2019 performance. We continue to operate safely and reliably. Phillips 66 Partners reported earnings of $791 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.2 billion. We continue to execute our growth program. The Gray Oak Pipeline, our largest project to date reached full operations in the second quarter and the expanded capacity at Clemens Caverns was placed into service in July. In addition, we advanced the South Texas Gateway Terminal and continued construction of the C2G Pipeline. These assets all supported by long-term customer commitments will further integrate our portfolio. Moving on to Slide 5 to discuss financial results for the quarter. The partnership reported fourth quarter earnings of $104 million, compared with $206 million in the third quarter. The decrease was due to $96 million of impairments related to investments in two crude oil logistics joint ventures. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $318 million. This was an increase of $5 million from the third quarter due to higher Bakken Pipeline volumes, partially offset by lower volumes on the Sand Hills Pipeline. Fourth quarter distributable cash flow was $240 million, down $3 million from the prior quarter. The decrease reflects higher maintenance CapEx in the fourth quarter. Slide 6 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the fourth quarter with $7 million of cash and $334 million available under our revolving credit facility. The partnership funded $90 million of growth capital during the quarter, this included spend on the C2G Pipeline and investment in the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 2.9, which is consistent with our target to remain below 3.5. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.2. We recognized the ongoing uncertainty associated with the Dakota Access pipeline litigation. Earlier this week, the appellate court affirmed that Dakota must prepare an environmental impact study, which is already underway and is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The court also affirmed the vacating of the easement under Lake Oahe. While the court did not mandate the shutdown of the pipeline, while the EIS is being prepared, it recognized there's a pending motion for injunction on that issue in the lower court. The economic implications are a temporary shutdown extended beyond the pipeline owners to customers, state and local governments, consumers and workers throughout the energy value chain. Dakota Access pipeline has a history of safe operations and we believe it should be allowed to operate, while this matter continues to process. We will continue to consider options as the legal process plays out. Phillips 66 Partners remains focused on those areas within our control including safe, reliable operations and disciplined capital allocation to maintain financial flexibility. Now, Casey will provide an update on our growth projects.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I think to get to $1.5 billion of EBITDA; you probably don't quite get there with the current asset base in part if I remember right and Tim I need to confirm this for me. I think we included Liberty in that and so that's the big difference between what we had at the time we made that statement versus where we are today. So that's really the primary differentiator versus those previous projections.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think, if we're in a situation where there's a shutdown, even if temporary, there's going to be a fair amount of uncertainty as to how long that's going to last. And so, we do think about all of the options available to us. And from a financial standpoint, there are really two main levers and that's growth capital and the distribution. Growth capital has already come down significantly. So Casey mentioned the $165 million in the budget this year that's significantly lower than where we've been the last couple of years. So there's a little bit of room there, but not a lot. And so I just say all options are on the table. We're not going to give any specific guidance at this point of time other than to reinforce that any decisions we make are going to be focused on preserving the balance sheet at PSXP and protecting the best interest of all the unitholders.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, it's – I love to get into a path of trying to speculate where we might go on the distribution specifically, but we're triangulating around the balance sheet metrics, thinking about debt metrics as well as coverage metrics from a distribution standpoint. So it's not just about having the cash generation, the distributable cash flow to be able to cover the distribution. It's the broader picture of the balance sheet and the leverage metrics around that as well. And so, we're just thinking through all of those elements.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. And I would just say, Jeremy, as long as it generates its qualifying EBITDA from that standpoint for the MLP then those types of assets would lend themselves to that structure. So, there's no reason to think that if we had those types of assets within the broader portfolio, they couldn't be candidates to be in the MLP. So I think there's certainly some something that could be possible in the future.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think on the volume piece, it's really just a reflection of refinery utilization. I think that was consistent with what we saw on the pipeline assets as well that you saw the terminal volumes decreased quarter-over-quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. John, this is Kevin. A temporary shutdown would be unlikely to trigger an action under the debt. Now, you probably get into a how long is temporary, but the way we think about this sort of big picture is that it would take a permanent shutdown that would be sort of more conclusive in terms of that determination around it being a triggering event. And so that's all laid out within the loan agreements around that in terms of that criteria. And so the way we think about it a temporary shutdown would not be a trigger, the permanent shutdown would be.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, so we have two impairments both of them were crude oil logistics related, one was a rail terminal in North Dakota, the other was a crude pipeline in the Mid-Continent. In both cases, it's really sort of normal process. We assess all of our assets and then investments for impairment periodically. And just when we look at the future projections around production and revenues, they sort of didn't pass the threshold to maintain the previous book value investment. And so, we took the appropriate impairment.
Tim Roberts: Hi, Theresa. This is Tim. I think, Kevin, actually summarized this. It feels fairly binary with regard to [indiscernible] it's not. And then at that point we've got options that we would want to look at and we're going to deal with Energy Transfer. They've got their earnings call. They'll probably want to deal with take the point on this, but we're in discussions with them as far as what legal options we have. Obviously, it's in our interest to continue to pursue keeping the pipeline running.
Tim Roberts: Yes, it can. I would say right now that, for example, Rodeo, you do Rodeo, you're still going to be moving the fuels, so that really doesn't change whether it's renewable fuel or not, it’s still going to be using pipelines and terminals to go ahead and get the product to market. Now, good and bad side of that is really PSXP does not have much as far as any footprint out on the West Coast. So this would benefit the PSX Midstream segment. But if our footprint were to expand into other locations for renewable, clearly that may overlap with some PSXP assets.
Tim Roberts: I would tell – I mean, Jeremy, I think to keep it fairly simple is that really where a lot of the PSXP assets are located around Mid-Con and we feel we have got a highly integrated, highly competitive footprint. And so, we do feel like we're well positioned both now and into the future with those assets and our PSXP is associated with those assets.
