Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on our Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 Web site along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, I think as we look, the global economic indicators are really multiple year highs, both from a manufacturing and from a consumer confidence and unemployment, multi-year lows on unemployment. So, the economy looks good globally in all the major region. That's positive for the demand outlook. As we start the year and think back to last year, gasoline and distillate inventories on days of demand cover last year were above the 5-year range. And they shifted to the bottom of the 5-year range this year. So, the starting point certainly feels better. As we think about demand, we are seeing strong demand on the product export side. We had record exports in the fourth quarter, 260,000 barrels a day. And then, as we look at Canadian production in particular continuing to grow with Fort Hills ramping up this year and really no major pipeline start ups for 2018 and 2019. The rails ramped up in the fourth quarter relative to third quarter, but it doesn't appear they have substantial excess capacity. So that's going to be a positive. And PSX is the largest importer of Canadian crudes, buying over 0.5 million barrels a day of Canadian crude. Lower taxes should benefit U.S. refiners. And then we have got the IMO bunker fuel specifications on the horizon. So, we are cautiously optimistic on the outlook for refining profitability this year.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, we are -- you are bringing up a source of internal debate that happens on a fairly regular basis. But, as we look at it, the IMO is about 4 million barrels a day in rough numbers. You take the scrubbers and probably non-compliance that might be a million barrels a day of it. There's a million barrels a day that might get blended up and end up with still about 2 million barrels of incremental diesel demand. And you compare that to the global demand of 35 million barrels a day, that's about a 6% increase, the meaningful increase upcoming. On the [indiscernible] side, it's also 2 million barrels a day [indiscernible] needs to be destroyed and that compares to a global coking capacity market in the 6 to 8 million barrel a day range. And a lot of that capacity is already highly utilized. So, the industry is preparing in advance. The global system has flexibility, but these are meaningful shifts. As we think about what we are dealing. In 2017, we had about 15 projects that added 10,000 barrels a day of diesel production capability. In 2018, we've got about 30 projects that will add 20,000 barrels a day of clean product. That leans a little bit more towards gasoline, but there is diesel there as well. And so, these are low CapEx but high return projects.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, there is a big pipe component of it. It's primarily heavy and primarily vast majority of this utilized in our own refineries. We do import some offshore barrels. That's a small portion of the total. But, we are large buyers across the way. There is not much movement by rail at this point.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, thank you. I appreciate your interest in Phillips 66. If there is any follow-up calls, please contact Rosy or me.
Greg Garland: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Adjusted earnings for the fourth quarter were $548 million, or $1.70 per share. We ended the year with a strong quarter, and our operating performance was at record levels. Refining ran at 100% capacity utilization, and we continue to operate safely and reliably. Our Midstream business significantly grew Phillips 66 Partners by completing a $2.4 billion dropdown; our largest transaction to date. And in Chemicals, CPChem is nearing completion of its U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project. Our fourth quarter cash from operations was $1.9 billion, our highest quarter since 2013. For the year, operating cash flow was $3.6 billion. We continue our commitment to shareholder distributions. This quarter, we returned 816 million through dividends and share repurchases. This brings our total distribution since inception to $16.4 billion. During the quarter, we made progress on several of our key projects. In Midstream, we operated well at our Sweeny Hub in a challenging market environment. We averaged nine cargos a month at the export facility, and the fractionator operated 101% utilization. We completed expansion of the Beaumont Terminal's export capacity to 600,000 barrels per day. Today, the terminal has over 11 million barrels of crude and product storage capacity. An additional 3.5 million barrels of fully-contracted crude storage is under construction, and that will take the total capacity to 14.6 million barrels by the end of the year. We announced an open season with Enbridge with Gray Oak pipeline project to transport crude oil from Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. The pipeline is expected to have initial throughput capacity of 385,000 barrels per day, and will be placed in service during the second half of 2019. The Bayou Bridge pipeline, in which PSXP holds a 40% interest, has received all permits for the extension from Lake Charles to St. James, Louisiana. Construction is underway. Commercial operations are expected to begin in the second half of 2018. Existing segment of the line from our Beaumont Terminal to Lake Charles is operating well, is providing crude optionality to our refinery. DCP Sand Hills pipeline, which transports NGL from the Permian Basin to the Texas Gulf Coast has exceeded 3000 barrels per day of throughput in the fourth quarter, and is expected to complete the capacity expansion to 365,000 barrels a day by the end of the quarter. Further capacity expansion of the line to 450,000 barrels a day is anticipated in the second half of 2018. Sand Hills is on two-thirds by DCP and one-third by Phillips 66 Partners. DCP continues to progress construction of two gas processing plants in a high growth DJ basin. The Mewbourn 3 plant is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2018 and the O'Conner 2 plant is scheduled for completion in mid 2019. DCP also announced the final investment decision to proceed with joint development of the Gulf Coast Express Pipeline project, in which it holds a 25% interest. The pipeline will provide an outlet for natural gas production in the Permian Basin to markets along the Texas Gulf Coast. In Chemicals, CPChem is commissioning its new Cedar Bayou ethane cracker, which will start up this quarter and ramp up the full commercial production in the second quarter. At Old Ocean, CPChem has successfully transitioned the two polyethylene units' commercial operations. In Refining, we continue to focus on high return quick pay up projects. We have multiple yield-enhancing projects that are expected to deliver additional 25,000 barrels a day of clean products by the end of 2018. This includes the diesel recovery project which we completed at our Ponca City Refinery in the fourth quarter. In addition, we are modernizing FCC units at both our Bayway and Wood River Refineries with anticipated completion during the second quarter of 2018. We also have projects [indiscernible] such as the Lake Charles Refinery, where we are completing modifications to run more domestic crew. Our 2018 capital budget is $2.3 billion, including $1.4 billion of growth capital and $900 million of sustaining capital. Our portion of capital spend by CPChem, DCP, and WRB is expected to be about $900 million. As we move into 2018, our strategy for long-term value creation remains unchanged. This includes capturing growth opportunities in our midstream and our chemicals business, where we see long-term demand growth and enhancing returns in refining and marketing. Also fundamental to our strategy, our shareholder distributions consisting of a comparative, secure, and growing dividend complemented with share repurchases. We believe the share repurchases are important part of shareholder value creation, and as long as we trade below intrinsic value, we are buyers of our shares. So with that, I will turn the call over to Kevin.
Greg Garland: Neil, first of all, good morning, good to hear from you. There is a couple of things that I think about. One is we've got new income coming on from all these investments we have been making. Mid cycle that's a billionish to $1.5 billion. We have got nice tailwind probably from tax reform as you think about that. And then as we think about the investment opportunity universe [ph] it's really competitive out there. So I certainly don't see us increasing capital expenditures. So on balance, if you think '12 to '17, we really hit the 60:40 allocation of reinvestment business versus giving cash back to shareholders. We are going to probably drift more towards a 50:50 number certainly in 2018–2019 as well looks like to us. So, will certainly be right towards the high-end of that range, Neil; we are not -- we go over it, we will just see how the year goes.
Greg Garland: Well, let me start backwards, and I will then pass it off to Jeff to talk about some of the details. So the answer how we are positioned, we are pretty through the Tier 3 investment period. And that's one reason you have seen our sustained capital come down in refining, Doug. In terms of IMO, we are not planning on making significant investments. There are probably some small things will do around the assets in terms of looking at yields and conversions. But, we don't view that necessarily as a negative impact on our business. I think we are constructive on what that does in terms of the distillate price. But, we are probably not as optimistic as some of the others are out there, although Jeff is pretty optimistic on it. So, I will let him talk you through what he thinks the impacts are going to be in terms of margins and maybe some of the other refiners out there.
Greg Garland: Yes, so let me just talk. So, margins in the quarter were up about $0.02 for the year. They're up about $0.03 in 2017. You kind of think about [indiscernible] came on in the fourth quarter. We had our polyethylene capacity up in the fourth quarter. So from a market basing standpoint, we were moving the products, and we believe that Exxon Mobil actually ran some of their derivative capacity in the fourth quarter also. So you're starting to see the impact of those products hit the market. I think that in many ways the global economy is pretty good. You think about in U.S., think about Europe, you think about Asia, and it's really taking these materials without a lot of margin impact in -- to your point like, I think if you look at that full chain polyethylene margin based on a weighted average speed it is kind of hovering around $0.25 level, which is kind of reinvestment level economics mid-cycle if you want to think about it. You look at on ethane basis, that full chain margin is around $0.31, $0.32. And so those are the really healthy margins for us. And so, I think that we kind of look at the Chemicals businesses is getting this new cracker up, getting polyethylene in the market, maybe there's going to be some margin compression, you know, these other projects to come online in 2018, but I think you got to remember higher crude prices are very constructive for us. And we like high crude, low natural gas prices in the Chemicals business. And so, that'll open up the margins for CPChem. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Garland: Sure. Well, we are never going to give you the number, but you can keep asking, Paul. But yes, so the way we think about intrinsic value, we're looking at kind of EBITDA two years out, we're using kind of historical multiples and some of the parts. And based on that, obviously it's a higher pricing what we're trading today and that's why we're buying shares today.
Greg Garland: No, I think look, we're pretty happy with the portfolio today. We always look at the portfolio many times a year. We're always looking at it. But I just think as the portfolio lies today, we like the portfolio where it sits. [Indiscernible] been a great partner at WRB. And we continue to make investments there between the two of us. In fact, we're modernizing the FCC. It's one of the projects we have for 2018 there. So I would say portfolio is in pretty good shape.
Greg Garland: So I'll start on that. I think that we've demonstrated 25% of the design capacity of the terminals. So I think we're loading like 10 cargos this month, did 96 in the fourth quarter. So we're running it to capacity, as you know, the ARB -- the fees has been around between $0.05 and $0.07 in that range. And that's substantially below what we had promised when we improved the project. So we think about what's coming at us particularly from the Permian, we see strong in geo growth in 2018. We think that utilization rates across the docks are going to come up, and the opportunity to move those dock fees and hence those margins across will improve as we move into the back-half of 2018, certainly as we get into 2019.
Greg Garland: Yep. So I'll start. So, you're right. You take the kind of the 300 or so, 295 and annualized that you get to 1-2, and remember in that number of slides that we show that you got about $300 million or so refining with just -- that pushes you about $1.5. And there's about $300 million of growth in market that we've got laid in to the plan this year. And that number is kind of into your run rate number also. So, obviously, we got expansions on Sand Hills. We got second segment of Bayou Bridge. We got all the work we're doing around the Beaumont Terminal. There is a lot of multitude of projects in blending at various terminals across the system, and then you got organic growth at PSXP that's laid into that number. So that's -- I don't think the 300 growth rate or annualized run rate growth is going to be that big of a lift force in 2018. I think we'll hit that.
Greg Garland: No. That's just trying to highlight potential Midstream income that we had. It could be droppable. I suspect that refining incremented some of the very last step we get to, Phil.
Greg Garland: As a 1.8 number, we've got about a $150 million laid in for the frac and for the exports. So we've been pretty conservative in our view of what that project contributes in 2018. I do think as we come into back half of the year, we're going to like the dock piece a lot better, but a lot of that's just growth in organic growth at PSXP for some of the expansions we have going on the pipe. And so, we just -- lot of this is more pipeline type volumes, the terminal type that activity versus NGL improvement.
Greg Garland: Well, I think you answered the question for me. Look, we're all in on this. We think it's a right thing to do. We think the legislation is fraud, we're adding our voice at Capitol Hill. I agree with you, I think that the dialog particularly from the Senate side with the Texas Senators and the Corn State Senators is constructive and helpful. Congressman Walden and Hoff continue to be very helpful in terms of moving the dialog forward. My only concern is there is still a lot on Congress's plate. I think that making recommendations about what this Congress is or isn't going to get accomplished just for referral, and so we will just have to see. I just don't think RFS reform is one of the top cards of their agenda. And then you move in a back half year with the election year, I think it's harder to get things done. So if it's not done early in the year, I think it gets pushed.
Greg Garland: Well, so I think going to pure competitive dividend as what we always frame that answer. We think about, it's got to be affordable, it's got to be, we want to continue to grow the dividend every year. We look at where we said versus our refining competitors and other industry competitors were except versus yield on the kind of the S&P 100 and you kind of take all that in, but certainly you should expect that we will increase the dividend this year and I will just leave it to that.
Greg Garland: Well, I think we start up on the new crack and obviously as you think about the startup of that cracker that will certainly impact those balances. We pull down inventories A because Cedar was down but B because we are running the polyethylene units at Old Ocean also. So you have that kind of that combination going on and of course the hurricane impacted the entire industry there on the Gulf Coast. Yes, I would say we normalize inventories at CPChem going forward. But you know, there is not a reason to hold a lot of high inventory in my view at CPChem or anyplace in our chains, we try to manage that working capital really tightly and I would say we are constructive demand, what we see. So typically seasonally first quarter is weak in terms of petrochemical demand, a lot of that's on the Chinese New Year and what you see going on there but we've seen continued good buying activity out of Asia really hasn't been impacted this year. So seasonally strong coming into the first quarter, so we like what we see in the demand side on petchem.
Greg Garland: As our prices are, you suddenly want to expand your contracts at the bottom; it's kind of our view. You know, look hey I sometime in '19 we are probably going hit limits in terms of industry, capacity to clear the barrels and you kind of need a $0.10 to $0.12 fee across the doc to justify new investment and so I think we will get there but a lot of it depends on what's going on in the Permian and how many NGLs are going to be showing up, we remain constructive around our views on that.
Greg Garland: It can be a couple of years at a time in this environment. We will see a surprise if you can write five year paper.
Greg Garland: Yes, it's a good question. I think with the hurricane back in the fall, we found out that we can export 2 million barrels a day. We thought that might have been the max we could export at that time, and perhaps it was, because we hadn't gone materially higher than that. But I think there is a need for continued infrastructure to get the Permian barrels to the shore, and the majority of the increase in production is going to be exported. And so, as you look at oil production growing over 1 million barrels a day here at the end of 2017 with continued improvement in IP rates and drilling efficiency gains, the drilled but uncompleted well count continue to go up during this increase in production. So it looks to us like there is going to be sustained, strong production growth in the U.S. and that more infrastructure will be needed.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we provided guidance. You saw that the first quarter is a relatively heavy lift for us on maintenance. We are guided to $230 million to $260 million. First quarter of last year was $299 million, and that was that heaviest quarterly maintenance period in the last decade. So we're below last year, but still a meaningful lift for the first quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: I think as we look at it, last year was more crude unit heavy, and some of the downstream units, the conversion units are more impacted in this quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: No, not specifically. I mean we with -- in terms of the foreign cash that the new tax law probably gives us access to a $1 billion, $1.02 billion of cash that previously was overseas, and we didn't have cost effective access to. So, it gives us gives a bit more flexibility in managing our overall cash. In reality, we have plenty of cash anyway. So it's not like we need to rush out for that, but it just helps them from an overall flexibility and managing the cash position.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. You saw the DOE monthly stats October and November NGL production up over 400,000 barrels a day year-on-year. I don't know if that pace is going to be sustained, but clearly we're seeing very strong growth on the NGL front, which is going to need to be exported. And that's going to help fill these pipelines. Based on DOE stats last year, LPG export facilities ran in the low 80s percentage utilization and we think that will move into the high 80s this year, which by the end of the year 2019 starts helping margins
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think if you look at just West Houston versus Brant it's traded around a buck-and-a-half, kind of $0.50 plus or minus. That part of the differential has been relatively stable. When you look at what's happening between Cushing and Permian and the Gulf Coast, we've seen substantial changes recently with those pipelines being very highly utilized, close to full in the October-November timeframe. Since that time, Valero's diamond pipeline has added 200,000 barrels a day out of Cushing. That's drawing pushing inventories down pretty rapidly. And from the Permian, the Midland-to-Sealy and the expansions of the existing added 700,000 barrels a day, so we've gone from a period of not enough capacity to too much capacity in the short-term. Permian, it's certainly possible; could grow 700,000 barrels a day this year, and be back to a very tight level by the end of the year, or certainly 2019. So that Cushing to Gulf Coast is going to swing more. Right now there's enough capacity and those rates are tightening. We'll see some seasonal impacts for maintenance, but I think those are the big drivers.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Phil, so I think the best way to look at that -- I don't want to go down the path of trying to give a cash tax rate, because you really know what your pre-tax income is to go there, but the way to model that is you can assume a deferred tax benefit for 2018 total company in the order of $400 million is what we're seeing. And so that predominantly reflects the additional tax depreciation over and above financial depreciation. So there is about $400 million benefit on cash flow relative to with the financial tax.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, we still got access. Keystone is not fully backup, but it's running, and we've got access there that we need.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So I think that -- so polyethylene came up relatively quickly. It was running at almost full capacity utilization by the end of the quarter. But I suspect by the end of the second quarter, it'll be at full rate. And again remember, the polyethylene is the big pull on, and it's already out in the market. So it's just getting the cracker up to supply the ethylene going into the polyethylene. So I think it will be a fairly quick ramp up. I think it's kind of the $0.32 margins that we're looking at on the ethane margins, we're in the range of the kind of that 1-2ish billion of EBITDA, certainly 1 to 1.2, in that range, as you move back and you think about, that's a pretty close to that $0.25 mid-cycle case for the weighted average feed for the industry. So, I think in today's margins were kind of there. You could see a little compression as we come up; Exxon is going to come up later in the year, but I still think that given strong fundamental demand in the business and there is not a lot of capacity coming on globally in Pet Chems in 2018, but we're still very constructive around margins for the balance of 2018.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, we're still in the midst of the Open Season. So it's probably not too appropriate to comment. I would say that high level of interest, and it was actually -- we were asked by many of the producers in the region to do this project. So there was a lot of interest going into it. And so yes, there is a lot of pipelines that have been announced, there is no question; I think that we have high levels of confidence that we'll get to a good endpoint on this project for Gray Oak.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. If oil prices continue to strengthen, that will support our NGL business and make it an easier lift to get to the 1.8. The difference between the 1.8 and 2 is really market-related. And so, I would put it in that category.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Ryan. It's Kevin, I think what you will see on that is it's probably going to be a little bit weighted towards the second half of the year. I don't want to refer from that we won't receive any distributions in the first half. I think first quarter is probably unlikely just given that we are just getting the cracker you know, that just start coming up in during the first quarter and bring that up to full operations. So you'll probably see it kind of more from second quarter on through the year.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, I think west coast in December. December is typically a weak period. The industry ran well with high utilization rates, we had some weather influences negatively impact demand and so it's a tough time here and things got weak. As you look into the first quarter, there is maintenance on the west coast in January in January that's kind of support the crack here. It looks like after the current turnarounds are completed, it looks a little bit light on the west coast. Mid-Continent looks like it's for the industry or relatively heavy refining maintenance period and there is some maintenance relatively large on the PADD I as well. Internationally, it looks like relatively heavy or close above normal, let's call it rather than heavy maintenance season this spring with backend loaded kind of March, April, May timeframe.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Craig. It's Kevin. I - we may build cash simply by virtue of strong operating cash flow and depending on where overall capital fits, how much what is going on from a capital expenditure standpoint and then the other side of that with distributions, dividends and buybacks. But I don't think we would be building cash just for the purpose to upholding it to pay time debt for years out from this point. We have a lot of flexibility from a balance sheet debt management standpoint and so given the strength for the balance sheet to credit rating that we got we can easily refinance maturities as they come to that's what we choose to do, so. I would look at cash balances more from a broader picture in terms of what it means from a capital allocation standpoint.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, that's the point that post tax reform we now have access to that cash without having to pay any excess U.S. taxes.
Kevin Mitchell: I feel happy with the structure as it is today. There is no question, I mean Enbridge is great company, and we are finding another ways to work together. Gray Oak is a great example of that. And so, we continue to like DCP, we like their positions in the Permian, the Eagle Ford, the Mid-Con, the DJ. DCP has done a nice job of managing this business through really tough time, and they are coming out the other end. And so, EBITDA is growing nicely. They have some great growth profiles in front of them. So, you know, fundamentally we like the asset, the [indiscernible] goes with our partner.
