Greg Garland: Thanks, Rosy. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. We had a good operating quarter running well across all of our businesses. However weaker margins had a significant impact on our earnings this quarter. In refining distillate crack spreads were the lowest since 2010. In chemicals benchmark industry olefin chain margins were down from last quarter, and midstream was impacted by lower NGL prices. We experienced solid results from our marketing and specialties business. Total adjusted earnings were 360 million and excluding working capital changes, we generated $722 million from cash from operations. We remain focused on operating excellence and completing our growth projects in midstream and chemicals, where we see great value and opportunity long term. We are maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation and believe that our strong balance sheet is a competitive advantage that positions us well to executive our plans through the commodity price cycles. During the quarter we reinvested 750 million back into the business and we distributed 687 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Since May of 2012, we’ve returned 11.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and/or repurchase or exchange of 115 million shares. We continue to target a sixty-forty split between reinvestment in our business and distributions back to our shareholders and we have targeted another dividend increase this year of at least 10%. We made good progress on our major growth projects in midstream we received all the permits necessary for the Dakota access pipeline to start laying pipe in May and we would expect an on schedule completion by year end. In the Gulf Coast the Beaumont terminal expansion is going well. The terminal currently has 7.1 million barrels of storage capacity. We have 3.2 million barrels of new capacity under construction. Longer term this facility can expand to 16 million barrels of storage capacity, also development of the first phase for the Sweeny Hub is nearing completion. The LPG export terminal is 80% complete, is on time and on budget. The completion of the terminal will represent a major step in the development of a world class energy complex within integrated refining, chemical and midstream assets. PSXP remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy the fee based assets within its portfolio continue to perform well. PSXP increases its limited partner distributions by 5% this quarter and remains on track to achieve its steady growth objective of a five year 30% distribution and compound annual growth rate through 2018. DCP midstream is reducing its gas breakeven for self help initiatives and expects to achieve breakeven at NGL prices below $0.35 per gallon this year. We are reducing cost, cut capital substantial and converting commodity exposed contracts to fee based to improve financial strength and flexibility. In addition the equity contributions from the owners last year, strengthened the balance sheet, increased fee based earnings and positioned DCP for success in the future. We expect that DCP will be self-funded going forward. In chemicals demand for consumer products remained strong in response CPChem continues to run at high rates across its system. Because CPChem’s primary production centers are in North America and in the Middle East underpinned by advantaged feedstocks. We believe CPChem’s asset base provides it with a competitive advantage. CPChem continues to advance the U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project it is now 75% complete with expected start up in mid 2017. Once running CPChem’s global ethylene and polyethylene capacity would increase by approximately one-third. In refining we see good gasoline supply and demand fundamentals for the remainder of the year and we expect strong demand as we head into the summer driving season. Our focus on refining is operating excellence, maintaining our costs and capital discipline, increasing returns through selective investment. We invest in projects that are quick pay off, low cost and high return. During the quarter we advanced of several these refining projects. At the Wood River Refinery we’re undergoing debottlenecking in our own schedule for completion in the third quarter. At Bayou work on the FCC modernization is on schedule. At the Billings refinery, efforts are underway to increase the amount of heavy Canadian crude we can run to 100%. Each of these projects has a projected return on investment of about 30%. So with that I will turn the call over to Kevin Mitchell, to review the quarter results.
Greg Garland: Yes Doug I think that we're seeing strong gasoline cracks. I mean they really recovered in March and now in April, the summer driving season that's going to drive the overall refinery utilization certainly drives our thinking and then the distillate piece. The crack spread is really relatively stable where it is and has been but I think that's the piece where we're looking to the exports to clear that. But I think the gasoline is pulling the refinery utilization across the industry.
Greg Garland: It's part of a question but I mean right now it's probably less than 2% of total distillate demand, but it's helpful what is maybe 40,000 or 50,000 barrels a day is our estimate.
Greg Garland: Yes. So I'll take it and Kevin can step in. So I kind of think about this in several different buckets, so the first bucket is really I don’t think the first quarter is reflective of our view of what 2016 is going to be. You have cracks have gone from 10 to 15 bucks we have seen NGLs move from $0.37 to $0.47, $0.48. We're seeing a good demand for transportation fuels gasoline is seeing good demand for petrochemicals. We're seeing margins up a couple of cents and we think margins will continue to improve in the pet-chem change. So we think that ’16 is still kind of a $4 billion to $5 billion type cash generation year from us from operation. Second I would say our view is that for a high quality MLPs. We think that the equity markets are open and that we would expect between some combination of debt and equity we would raise between $1 billion to $3 billion back into PSX this year. So this kind of moves you to $5 billion to $7 billion of cash, if you want to think about it that way we can afford a $3.9 billion capital program, 1 billion to dividend and $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases given that. I will say just so we're looking at things going on and we're going through every line item in the capital budget both for ’16 and ’17. And we're assuring that our premises that we started with are still valid and that these projects are going to generate returns that are acceptable and meet our requirements. And so we'll be looking at that going forward into this year.
Greg Garland: That will come in compliance at different times giving the investment schedule through 2018 that we will hit Paul, so I think we’ve investments at most of the other refineries for tier 3, some more than others.
Greg Garland: I think that we said we could flex between 1 billion to 2 billion and that is kind of the guidance we have given but I would just kind of reiterate we feel pretty strongly that the markets are going to be open to us.
Greg Garland: Yes. So I would say, we kind a guided or said that we are on a glide slope to kind of a $3 billion capital program in ’17 and ’18 with 1 billion sustaining and 2 billion worth of kind of growth capital primarily directed at Midstream growth opportunities. In terms of the 39 this year and how much flex do we have, I would say we’re still working through that and looking at that, but it's probably 500 millionish in terms of the amount of flex that we actually have this year.
Greg Garland: On an adjusted basis and that reflects the sort of mid-30s NGL prices which have recovered quite a bit since then, so that result should be getting back to something a little bit more respectable.
Greg Garland: We’ve been running essentially at mid-90s utilization so that’s not changing. And so this last quarter we’re run at 126,000-127,000 barrels a day of exports. And so from our standpoint that’s a very manageable amount to place. But our utilization really kind of stays where we were and so I think that’s the key out of our Gulf Coast recoveries to balance that distillate.
Greg Garland: I think we’ve been running pretty much max gasoline as most of the industry has. We can probably -- we can flex about 3% or 4% between gasoline and diesel. So we do have some projects that are coming on that will directionally move us more towards gasoline like the modernization of FCC and that was a good example of that. Some of the things we’re doing at Wood River. But I think on balance you should expect we’re going to be in kind of 43% to 45% type gasoline yields for ’16.
Greg Garland: So the 400 to 500 is really the total for that fractionation and that’s a smaller piece of that total, the net LPG terminal and the access, and we’ve always said 20% to 30% of that’s commodity type of exposure. So I think there is always where the market structure is going to be, and where their arm is going to be between the Gulf Coast and export markets in Asia, Europe or Latin America. So as this export terminal completes late this year, you go through start up. I think you start to see that impact really full chain value impact really starts at late this year in 2017 and I think the real question is going to be is what is that commercial piece of that going to be. So that is we boys framed it a bit from the 400 million to 500 million in terms of where the market goes, but if crude prices recover globally I think that increases that are naturally when we see that, so I think that’s a variable that’s a piece of that.
Greg Garland: Yes and I think the fraction would be when you think about composition, you think about that, that comes up it's a relatively small contribution and it's really about the cargos, we have eight cargos that we’re looking at. So continue to work contracts and then we have commercial opportunity and there is always spot business with that, but we believe the supply is there to fill that.
Greg Garland: So I think as we thought about and we'll cost the LPG side, we're basically seeing parity today between ethane, propane and butane in terms of value in the cracking play. And our view has been that the export net back price will step a price for propane, butane and then the ethane could reach that perhaps in terms of cracking parity. But the balance really comes about which of those feed stocks you select. But the export net back really becomes the upper limit of what we set for the cracking value. Ethane in our view given coming out of rejection and what we see on the start up for the projects should still remain a competitive disadvantage for the long-term and so I think it really is that interplay somewhere between gas value and propane, butane parity on the cracking that determines that. But we would expect when the new crackers start up that ethane prices will come up somewhat to pull some of that ethane back out of the gas stream. The bottom line is we're still bullish on the operating rig items chemicals as well as the competitive advantage that you get from ethane and LPG cracking.
Greg Garland: I think the margins ruled off in first quarter in the market side, but we're seeing improvement and I think as demand side continue to get better so we're seeing tightening on that and so I think the demand side is actually going to be a positive as we look out to the rest of the year.
Greg Garland: So we hit the utilization first and I would say that with turnaround in the industry and CPChem currently has a cracker in turnaround as well. They are just seeing utilizations fall from turnaround perspective and we've always felt 2016 is going to be a fairly heavy turnaround for the U.S. industry. And as far as the current pricing, we are seeing strengthening in that on the derivative side and I think that's both the response to both demand as well you are now seeing the move up in crude oil. So you are seeing two things that kind of influenced that price from a global standpoint on that say the polyethylene is the key derivative for that.
Greg Garland: I think we're pretty open about what our strategy is, it's been very consistent and so you can draw your own conclusion from that, Board is still the same, we have a great Board, we have a great shareholder base, so I think yes, I tried to answer your question.
Greg Garland: So, we look at [indiscernible], I would say tall Tallgrass has done a good job of creating value around our pipeline that was designed to go west to east to with what they've done. So we've liked what they've done from the value standpoint, in terms of the Rofer we've got a pretty expensive organic program that really fits around out chemical refining NGL assets and that's where the capital goes. So, we'd like to stay where we are with that and it really didn't scale our investment side of that but we think Tallgrass is doing a good job creating value. So, we like it the retro pipeline with that and it gives us midsize in the gas markets as well.
Greg Garland: I think on the volume side we haven't waivered that, it's going to be come up to be good demand globally, we always going to get the cracker stable so I think that's the good news. On the margin side the spread between ethane and crude and that ultimately that crude price shifts those say polyethylene or derivative price. That's narrowed a bit, I think that our view would be that that's a step front little bit of a headwind, but as you look out and if you believe crude comes back to a another level above $60 and I think we looked at the premises still are pretty much in line with our investment thesis. So I think we still like it and from a return standpoint even today's margins there's a significant cost advantage with this new complex just on the operating side of the business that offsets some of that margin but I think we still have expectations that this will be a very strong profit driver for CPChem for us as our share on the EBITDA basis incrementally as that’s just the cracker structure, it was roughly $500 million with some upside.
Greg Garland: Well you're right, I think that on a contract basis, we haven’t disclosed the terms specifically. And it's a range of things. I would say that the contract market long-term is higher than the spot market it's maybe how I would like to answer that. So I think as you see these budgets come on the contract piece would link that we’re seeing or the short that we’re seeing on demand side has moved that spot market down, but we’re still seeing good contract prices, and I think the customers that you talk to have a vision about long-term supply and that’s an important division. So I think with all aspects you just have to look at the mix and decide which way you can go.
Greg Garland: No, I was talking about we’re fairly neutral in the U.S. about what we chose to crack and so the link in the LPG still needs to be exported. We’re still seeing good demand for PDH propane de-hydro units for cracker feeds around that. So it was really comments around the U.S. with its existing petrochemical operations, fairly stable and we’re posting different in terms of feedstock and every producer has their own preference to which feedstock they crack. And so that leaves you with there is excess LPG it still needs to be exported. You’re seeing propane, butane and some of the C5 and now you’re starting to see some things happen on the ethane side as well.
Greg Garland: So ethylene is actually been exported in limited quantities out of the U.S. in other parts it's a more specialized trading. But yes there is some interest in increased ethylene export capacity and the ethane export capacity based on refrigeration is pretty similar. So it's just the dock capacity is there fully around the refrigeration and how would you export that and so can you convert what you have or just add to that, maybe add ethylene dimension.
Greg Garland: I think we pretty much are running where we can. I would say on the industry side one thing is different this year is inventories are higher. So that may cap somewhat what you could see in terms of price response at the same time demand is up. So day sales in inventories actually haven’t grown as much as the gasoline absolute levels within case. So I think we still expect a fairly strong gasoline driving season and a good gasoline crack through the next couple of quarters.
Greg Garland: We really are running essentially about maximum capacity on the crude input side as well as the conversion side.
Greg Garland: We had San Francisco down on turnaround first quarter and so that impacted results versus what we would have thought. We saw some impacts to Plain it's about some $10 million for the quarter. But we’re trying to mitigate that extent that we can. And then I think as [indiscernible] comes back up it's going to have an impact in California. The good news is demand is up quite a bit relative to last couple of years. And so I think we still got good demand going for you there. But I do think that you’re not going to see the volatility in California that we’ve seen in the past year or two.
Tim Taylor: Yes, Doug on the distillate side I think exports are the key to really clearing the length in North America and we are seeing good demand in China, India, West Africa and Latin America and so I think that continues. That said I think distillate for us continues to look to be the challenge for the market as we go forward, but I think it will clear but it's really turning into more of a byproduct from a gasoline production standpoint. So I think as long as those export markets are open that will continue to clear the U.S.
Tim Taylor: Predominantly the exports are still the distillates on the gasoline side, I mean you’re seeing strong demand around the world and so…
Tim Taylor: Yes clearly naphtha demand has increased around the world but we still see the best value to go into gasoline pool here, pull it with octane to blend it up but with the demand that we’re seeing in gasoline that’s still the preference that we have.
Tim Taylor: So we’re in the midst of really investing to deal with the taking more sulphur out across our system, so we’ve a number of projects at our refineries that were in the process of implementing to complete that but that has been a piece of our maintenance capital our long term maintenance capital, over the last several years and next year or so to complete that.
Tim Taylor: I will probably just say West Coast meets tier 3 standards so it is the other refineries who are investing in and those investments are included within the kind of 700 million of sustaining capital that we’ve outlined.
Tim Taylor: Yes Evan it is Tim. So, basically you look at transportation segment consistent earnings quarter-to-quarter so the DCP was slightly improved as well that leaves you with the NGL and that’s largely the impacts of some commercial impacts on inventory, some higher costs associated with the start up of the frac and that’s really as we line that out we expect that to come more in line [Multiple Speakers].
Tim Taylor: Yes I think we should mention we had a turnaround at our GCF frac so the expenses were up as well because of that turnaround.
Tim Taylor: But I think, Greg alluded some of the things we're doing to increase conversion across FCCs and cover some of that fee into that, beyond that it's a longer term investment and we have to see longer single. But I look at distillate also say that if the economy industrially across the world picks up, you will see more distillate demand and that's benefactor in the distillate sluggish distillate demand that we're seeing, we're seeing good consumer demand, weaker industrial. And so I think you got to take a view that industrial piece at some point thus come back and I think we’re seeing signs of perhaps in Asia. But that's a big piece of trade piece and distillate really drives the industrial side. So I think we look at this and say it's not clear that you got to a permanent separation as you have to think about that from an investment standpoint.
Tim Taylor: Okay so what we're seeing and we're seeing NGL volumes still hanging in there. You would expect with drilling activity, you would eventually expect to see that the break over bit, but we're still seeing good NGL volumes coming into the Gulf Coast. The Permian in particular looks really good. I think its price back what on improved side. The Eagle Ford being we're seeing decline rates both in NGL and crude. But overall NGL volumes have been up to kind of holding flat and in fact we had record propane production but you got refinery input on the propane side as well which may tie back to gasoline mode. so I would say on the NGL side we've seen a whole then as crude oil prices recover and drilling resumes and if you believe that North America is going to have incremental call, we're still bullish that the NGL supply is going to continue the increase.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think it's just seeing kind of the same story in the crude side, I think there was just a lot of latent activity there and then I think the economics behind the drilling in the basins that we're touching are driving that. So you've obviously seen that hold and I think it just reflects what the production side of the business is seeing on the E&P side.
Tim Taylor: I think you've got to see that drilling resume to really start to see that comeback and I suspect we'll continue to see NGL volumes kind of holding steady perhaps decline a bit and then it takes time. I think would be our view on the E&P side to kind of restart all that activity and your guess is as good as mine about exactly where they are. But with the capital expenditures where they are on the upstream. It's hard to see that you're going to see a lot of extra volume over the next 12 months until that program ramps buck up and so sustained crude oil prices will help drive that and we think long - over a period of month. That's what you begin to see but I think we're kind of and I think our view is we are probably getting closer to the bottom and may stay there while and we're certainly going to continue to see volatility.
Tim Taylor: So, another way I think about that is, you look at kind of industry markers today, full chain margins, ethane is $0.28, $0.29, that's certainly well above reinvestment levels and so I think you'd be happy with that investment with today's margins out there.
Kevin Mitchell: So Paul, we haven’t broken out at that level of detail, as you know we report at the sort of NGL sub-segment within our Midstream business at the PSXP level you can see there what they see on the Fractionator but that’s a different look to the Phillips 66 look so at this point that’s not a level of granularity that we have broken out at this time, obviously the Fractionator just started up at the end of last year, so still kind going through that start up a little bit of incremental cost that you wouldn’t expect to be recurring and volume is a little bit lower than capacity given the feedstock composition, but ultimately the full value is going to come when you see the export terminal up and running and get full contribution.
Kevin Mitchell: We think about the petrochemical environment right now, you really, it is demand pull that's pulling values and is really not feedstock causes any values in the market today.
Kevin Mitchell: So, we do have a process underway at Whitegate and we expect that we will conclude that process this year. California we talked about a lot the hold cost or the option value is really not much there is not a lot of capital in front of us in California last few year margins have been very good in California so it's a net cash contributor. And you think about could you sell asset probably but could we did good value for it, probably not and so I think we just hold it at this point in time they're good assets, they're probably mid back in terms of where they set their cost structure, but given the option value to keep, I think it'll just hang on.
