Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, CFO; and Brian Mandell, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, Midstream and Chemicals; and Rich Harbison, Refining. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Jeff Dietert: I might just add, the turnaround activity occurred in October and early November, which was the highest margin part of the quarter.
Jeff Dietert: I think the other thing I'd add is you look at gasoline, diesel and jet inventories, they're all below five-year ranges and it looks to us as though we've got an above-average industry refining turnaround period plan for the spring. So it looks tight from our vantage point.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. And then the secondary products, I'll kick that off and then turn it over to Brian maybe for some outlook on it. But third quarter to fourth quarter, in refining, we see those relatively flat actually. There are some puts and takes associated with that, asphalts and fuel oils drop off in price and volume, but butane picks up and offsets a lot of that. So the overall impact of our secondary products was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks, Emily. Thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have questions after today's call, please call me or Owen Simpson. Thanks for your time.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. In the fourth quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.9 billion or $4 per share. We generated $4.8 billion in operating cash flow. For the year, adjusted earnings were $8.9 billion or $18.79 per share. Our diversified integrated portfolio generated strong earnings and cash flow in 2022, supported by a favorable market environment and solid operations. Our cash flow generation allowed us to strengthen our financial position by repaying debt and resuming our share repurchase program. We returned $3.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  We continue to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic priorities to deliver on our vision of providing energy and improving lives as we meet global demand. In Midstream, we continue integrating DCP Midstream to unlock significant synergies and growth opportunities across our NGL wellhead to market value chain. Additionally, we completed Frac 4 at the Sweeny Hub, adding 150,000 barrels per day. Our total Sweeny Hub fractionation capacity is 550,000 barrels per day, making it the largest fraction -- or the second largest fractionation hub in the U.S. In Chemicals, CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes construction of a second world scale unit to produce one hexene in Old Ocean, Texas, and the expansion of propylene splitting capacity at its Cedar buying facility. Both projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem and Qatar Energy announced final investment decisions to construct petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast Ras Laffan, Qatar. CPChem will have a 51% interest in the $8.5 billion integrated polymers facility on the U.S. Gulf Coast. The Golden Triangle Polymers facility will include a 4.6 billion pounds per year ethane cracker and two high-density polyethylene units with a combined capacity of 4.4 billion pounds per year. Operations are expected to begin in 2026.  In January, the Ras Laffan petrochemical project was approved. CPChem will own a 30% interest in the $6 billion integrated Polymers complex. The plant will include a 4.6 billion pounds per year ethane cracker and two high-density polyethylene units with a total capacity of 3.7 billion pounds per year. Start-up is expected in late 2026.  In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The Rodeo Renewed project is on track to begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. At our Investor Day, we announced priorities to reward Phillips 66 shareholders now and in the future. We're holding ourselves accountable, and we know that you are as well.  Slide 4 summarizes our progress. We are delivering returns to shareholders. Since July 2022, we've returned $2.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're on track to meet our target return of $10 billion to $12 billion by year-end 2024. In January, we reached an agreement to acquire all of the publicly held common units of DCP Midstream.  We expect the transaction to close in the second quarter of 2023, at which point, we will have an 87% economic interest in DCP Midstream. The increase in our economic interest from 28%, prior to the third quarter transaction, is expected to generate an incremental $1.3 billion of adjusted EBITDA, including commercial and operating synergies.  We're executing our business transformation. The team achieved savings in excess of $500 million on an annualized basis at the end of 2022, setting us up well for 2023. This includes cost reductions of over $300 million, mostly related to reducing headcount by over 1,100 positions during the year as we redesigned and streamlined our organization.  In addition, our 2023 capital program includes a $200 million reduction of sustaining capital. We're transforming to a sustainable lower cost business model and expect to deliver $1 billion of annualized savings by year-end 2023. We're laser-focused on executing these strategic priorities to deliver returns and increase distributions in a competitive and sustainable way. We look forward to updating you on our progress.  Now, I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Mark Lashier: Well, I'll start with the turnaround guidance part of that and then kick it over to Brian, you can talk about the market outlook a little bit there for the first quarter. So our first quarter turnaround, you can tell by our guidance there that Kevin provided our annual guidance is in the 550 to 600 range. And our first quarter is a majority of that spend. So we are heavy centric first quarter on our turnaround. And those are primarily related in just a couple of sites. So I don't -- I see that as really impactful to our Atlantic coastal operations there as the biggest part of that impact on the turnarounds. There is also some Gulf Coast turnaround activity as well that is less impactful. So although there is a heavy spend, it's centric really in one primary facility.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think, John, the $300 million really falls into two categories. Operating synergies that we're actively pursuing upfront now even before the close of the roll-up of the publicly held units. And then there's, I think, even more prolific commercial synergies that we can capture as we combine -- or as we roll the business into our own. Tim, you can provide a little more color there.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think, John, that you've seen at the ethane -- that the polyethylene value chain margins kind of hit bottom. Those producers that were really squeezed pulled back on production. So you can see that clearly -- we've hit a point where there's great discipline and nobody is going to operate while they're bleeding cash, and we've kind of passed through that period. Margins have modestly ticked up, and you'll continue to see as the capacity that's coming online in North America gets digested, we'll be at that bottom for some time, but then start to work our way out because demand globally continues to increase.  And China is certainly an upside and there are number of signs that China is coming back. We're not going to call at their back. I think it could come in fits and starts, but certainly, the noise coming out of China is productive directionally.
Mark Lashier: I'd like to circle back. I don't think I covered one of the questions that John asked around Chems and that's the risk -- the market risk of CPChem generating enough cash to self-fund these two projects. Both of those projects, they own 30% of the Ras Laffan project, 51% of the U.S.-based project, both will be off-balance sheet project finance, mitigating their cash outflows, substantially mitigating our exposure there. So you can never predict that there is no risk, but I think it's highly mitigated because of the debt structuring they're going to undertake to support those projects.
Mark Lashier: If you look -- again, if you look at those projects and if you look at the assumptions on project financing, I think we had talked about earlier, maybe even at Investor Day, that our exposure to foregone dividends is really probably about 10% of the aggregate capital spend if you look at those two projects combined. And that's spread out over four years. So it's not a major impact on our ability to generate cash overall. Kevin, do you want to -- 
Mark Lashier: So we generally don't, for commercial reasons, talk about what we run into refineries and how much we run. But of course, Wood River had some hiccups. In Q4, we ran less WCS in our system than normally. We are the largest importer of Canadian crude to the U.S. We expect, as Wood River comes back up, we'll run more, Rich, maybe you can talk about where we are in Wood River.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Unfortunately, Paul, we don't give that type of guidance by plant as to what our current run rates are.
Brian Mandell: And I would add in talking about European to New York distillate prices and Pacific Northwest and Bay prices to L.A., they should both normalize. We saw New York is over Europe. That's unusual. Europe imported a lot of Russian distillate prior to the price gap next week. And New York, because of the winter storm, didn't get all the barrels that it needs. So the reason why New York is over Europe now it's a prompt issue. And if you look at Colonial Pipeline, it's running at full rates now. New York will get fed back and then Europe will be over -- or under -- or over New York rather going forward.  And the Pacific Northwest versus and Bay versus L.A. that was -- that's a temporary issue as well. Our pad refineries ran really well in November, December, we saw inventories really build across the markets. And given the oversupply, the markets needed to price to incentivize exports and the infrastructure for exports is in the Bay and Pacific Northwest. So that's where the exports came from.  And also, we need to aggregate barrels for the exports. So some of the barrels that normally went to L.A. didn't go to L.A. at that time. So that increased the L.A. price, decreased the Pacific Northwest and Bay price. But going forward with heavy Pacific Northwest turnarounds and work in the Bay, we'd expect inventories to moderate as we get back to seasonal demand spreads between the north and south will come back into normal areas.
Brian Mandell: Yeah, I think we -- it's always an import market for gasoline typically up to 800,000 barrels a day. We do expect that to continue being an import market. The imports may come from different locations in the future, but we would expect that we still need to import gasoline about that level.
Brian Mandell: I would say any market that is short needs resupply and the resupply comes from some distance away, has that opportunity for volatility. The same thing that happens on the West Coast, West Coast that we supplied is further away four weeks away. And then in -- and just in the Pad 1, but any time resupply is in close, you have that opportunity volatility.
Brian Mandell: I'd say we continue to think that high sulfur fuel oil will remain weak, just with all the Russian cargoes coming on the market, both high-sulfur fuel oil and heavy crude cargoes coming out in the market. So I think we'll continue to see that in the market.
Brian Mandell: I think with natural gas coming off some. We're not -- I mean Rich can talk about the natural gas issues at the plant.
Brian Mandell: On the marketing business, I'd say that we will continue to perform well, perhaps not as well as 2022. That was a record year. But with increased volatility in the market, that generally drives better business. We also had a joint venture retail record year last year, and we continue to grow our retail joint venture in the U.S., and that continues to perform. Also, there are issues in the European market that have helped us, even things like expanding our credit card business has been helpful to growing our business. So I think we'll continue to grow the business. You'll see the earnings strong, but perhaps not quite as strong as 2022.
Brian Mandell: Well, we'll start with WCS differentials. There were a number of things that we're kind of pushing and pulling on supply and demand. Inventories north of the board in Canada have been very high, and you had Keystone off the market for 22 days, which was 10 million barrels off the market. North of the border, you had about 4 million barrels of production off the market in December, another 0.5 million barrels off the market in January. And then you had the winter storm where refiners shut down. There was 27 million barrels of crude backed out, not all that's heavy crude, but refiners weren't pulling as much of the WCS. So all of that -- if you kind of add all that up, it meant that WCS dips were weaker than they have been.  TMX provided an update in early January that they said that their 75% of the pipe is now in the ground. They haven't changed their in-service date for the fourth quarter of this year. Our internal expectations are that start-up will slip into 2024 and full rates won't be achieved immediately. We don't think you need another pipeline to exit the product that is in Canada. So we don't see it doing much.  The first call for those barrels will always be Pad 2 and Pad 3 before they go to China or anywhere overseas, so they'll have to price to get into those markets.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. So Wood River, there was an unplanned event incident that occurred at Wood River and -- let me start by saying our thoughts go out for the affected employees, contractors and their families that were associated with that event.  But there was an incident there. We are working diligently right now to increase the utilization that was affected by this, and we expect that utilization to continue to increase through the first quarter and returned to normal operations early second quarter is our current outlook on that, Paul.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, that's -- we've historically not done that in terms of what we've put out there into the market. We've talked about the kind of areas where that has shown up and Rich walk you through that. But it is a -- in any given period, there's invariably some element of LP component. And certainly, what we saw in the fourth quarter was quite a bit higher than what I would consider. I mean, ideally, you don't want any of it, but there's usually some degree of that. It was significantly higher than that. So not something we've historically given out.  But I guess, to give you some some help, it's probably -- the number is probably in the order of $100 million to $200 million of LPO in the quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Really, it's -- we're setting up for -- we've talked about this for a while, and we're setting up for 2023 and the cleanest way to make that change is to do it in the fourth quarter, and that enables us to restate or recast in our supplemental information, the prior 2021 and 2022 all on that same basis. And then the first results we report for 2023 will be on that same basis. And so it's just the cleanest timing to make a change like that. It's something we've considered for a little while, but we thought it was the appropriate thing to do.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah, Ryan, it's Kevin. So, you're right, we did the high end of the range in the fourth quarter, and I think it's reasonable to assume that we would continue somewhere round about that level. We're also -- we're sitting on a decent healthy cash end of the year just over $6 billion. And just to give some context to the overall balance sheet condition relative to where we were before the pandemic.  Over the pandemic, we added $4 billion and I'm ignoring the impact of BCP debt consolidation here. We added $4 billion over the pandemic. We subsequently paid off 3.5 of that but we've improved our cash position by $4.5 million since the end of 2019. So net-net, we've enhanced the balance sheet by $4 billion from where we were going into the the pandemic. And so that gives us a lot of flexibility. But we've also got the DCP roll-up to take care of, which we expect to be sometime in the second quarter.  So that's a $3.8 billion transaction. And while we won't use all cash for that, we want to make sure that we retain plenty of flexibility as we go into that and close on that rollout. But I do think what it all speaks to we continue to see these above mid-cycle conditions, we will have some good flexibility to -- I would tell you really do a bit of all of it. We'll want to pay off some incremental debt, especially as we think about the impact of the DCP roll-up, but we should also be positioned to look at the cash returns to shareholders, both in the context of the dividend, we would expect to increase the dividend. This year, we remain committed to a secure, competitive growing dividend.  And we'll look at the buyback pace. We're clearly at a very healthy level today, but there's potential flexibility on that. And so, we -- it's something that we'll prioritize and keep very focused on. But in the near term, we're probably pretty comfortable with where we are given that we've got the DCP transaction out there ahead of us.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So just to expand on that a little bit. The -- when Mark talks about off-balance sheet financing, he is specifically referring to project level financing. So financing those projects at the Ras Laffan Petrochemical project level and at the Golden Triangle Polymers project level. So that's not on CPChem's balance sheet, and we're not anticipating that CPChem would have to go to its own balance sheet to fund its equity contributions into those joint ventures to fund those projects. And in fact, we'll still be able to do that and continue making distributions to the owners.  Obviously, there is a dependency on what the overall market environment looks like. But based on what we're seeing, we still expect to be receiving distributions from CPChem through this period. Clearly, there's an impact. Anything -- any discretionary spend by CPChem into a capital investment is cash that's not available for distribution out, but it's all pretty manageable within the overall expectation of where their cash flows will be.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Well, you would expect it to be less than 100% because they do have the capital projects underway. So there's the two big ones that we've been talking about, and then there's a slate of smaller projects, several of which will actually finish this year. So it's going to be less than 100%. We've never given specific guidance on what we expect the distributions to be. And our history has actually been pretty strong with regard to cash coming back from CPChem.
