Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. In the first quarter, we operated well and delivered solid financial results during a period that was impacted by significant refinery turnarounds. We also advanced our major growth projects, including construction of the Gray Oak pipeline. During the quarter, Sand Hills pipeline achieved record volumes of 494,000 barrels per day following its fourth quarter expansion and the second phase of the Bayou Bridge pipeline was completed. Our Board of Directors recently approved a first quarter distribution of $0.845 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 from the previous quarter and 18% higher than the first quarter 2018 cash distribution. We have increased the distribution every quarter since the IPO in July 2013. Looking forward, we remain committed to delivering a competitive and growing distribution, while maintaining strong coverage and leverage ratios. Our portfolio of organic projects and financial strength position us well for future growth. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss the financial results. Partnership reported first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $281 million compared with $309 million in the prior quarter. The decrease reflects lower volumes from our wholly-owned assets due to the impact of turnarounds at refineries operated by Philip 66. Earnings from our equity affiliate declined as a result of lower volumes on the Bakken from Explorer pipelines, partially offset by higher Sand Hills pipeline volumes. First quarter distributable cash flow was $226 million, a decrease of $12 million from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower earnings from our wholly-owned assets, partially offset by lower maintenance. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the first quarter with $2 million of cash and $15 million of outstanding borrowings under our $750 million revolving credit facility. Our debt to EBITDA ratio on a revolver covenant basis was 2.8 times. Our distribution coverage ratio is 1.3 times. Long-term, we are targeting leverage of 3.5 times and distribution coverage of over 1.2 times. The partnership continues to advance its major projects. In the first quarter, our growth capital spend was $195 million, including investments in the greater pipeline projects, as well as the new isomerization unit of the Philip 66 Lake Charles refinery and the Clemens Caverns expansion. The Partnerships strong financial position enables us to fund our capital program with operating cash flow and debt capacity. I will now turn it over to Rosie to provide an update on our growth projects.
Kevin Mitchell: Just to add a little further on that. The returns that we show, those build multiples are for the project on a standalone basis. As we've talked about, we're going into project financing on this project also, which will further enhance the returns on a levered basis. So still is very attractive to us.
Kevin Mitchell: So looking at that from a PSX standpoint. Clearly, the LPG export terminal and the fracs once complete, so fracs two and three, those assets would lend themselves to the MLP model, the MLP structure. So while as you rightly point out we've transitioned away from dropdown and a lot more organic focus, that still doesn’t preclude us from entering into dropdown transactions to get those assets down at the MLP. And I know no plans to do that anytime soon, but the potential is certainly out there.
Kevin Mitchell: So certainly doing a dropdown transaction and doing an IDR elimination at the same time is a -- that’s a formally you have seen out there, that’s been done by several others. And we would certainly give back considerations. But I would say at this point while we -- and so Greg laid out our thinking around IDRs in terms of acknowledgment that this is something we need to get to and we will get to and we want to make sure we do this in a way that works for both the MLP and for the general partner. We don't have any specific guidance to give on either when it's going to happen exactly other than sooner than we would have originally anticipated, or exactly what that structure is going to look like. So you've highlighted that due to the dropdown along with that is something that we could consider and would consider, but that’s not say that we don’t have any firm plans to do that as such. And then from a distribution standpoint, we have steered away from giving specific growth guidance. You see the portfolio of organic projects that we have and the approximate timing of when those projects complete, and the estimates of EBITDA generation that will come from that. And so you can see that we have a portfolio that will allow us to continue to grow the distribution. But we're not going to get into -- get caught up in a specified target or objective around exactly what that growth needs to be. We want it to be competitive. But we also are mindful of the need to manage the big picture in terms of the balance sheets, leverage metrics, coverage metrics, the ability to continue to fund growth, given that this is predominantly pretty much mostly a self-funding model now. And so we just try to balance all of those factors.
Kevin Mitchell: So first quarter was $32 million or so, which is still ATM. So I mean it's not unreasonable to assume they'll be something like that that will continue. But you're not going to see as a several hundred million dollar equity offering…
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks Kevin and hello everyone. Slide 6 lists the projects we have ongoing that will drive EBITDA growth for the next two years. During the quarter, we advanced our growth projects. I will just take a moment to comment on the couple of the larger projects. We made progress in the Gray Oak pipeline. There is 900,000 barrels per day pipeline or transport crude oil from the Permian and the Eagle Ford to Texas Gulf Coast destination. Construction continues on the 850 miles of pipeline and the 17 facilities. We have purchased all the pipes, most of which has been delivered. 98% of the right of way has been acquired and all 17 foundations have enforced. We're experiencing cost pressures from higher steel costs, labor rates and right of way. The total cost of the project is now expected to be approximately $2.7 billion. We have all Army Corps of Engineer permit and the pipeline remains on track to start up in the fourth quarter of this year. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in Corpus Christi, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal, in which PSXP has a 25% ownership. The Marine terminal will have two deep water docks with initial storage capacity of about 7 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. The project has expanded since sanctioned and is supported by additional customer commitments. The facility is expected to start up by mid 2020. The remaining listed are all on schedule to complete on time. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Rosy Zuklic: It's going to be eating into the project returns. But what I would say is -- what we have on the slide there was the projects being six to eight times multiple that’s true for all the projects. As we think about this project when it was originally sanctioned, it was sectioned at 385,000 barrels per day, obviously, the pipeline now at 900,000 barrels per day commitments of 800,000 barrels per day. Obviously, it was at first lending towards the lower end of the multiple with the increase is not going to be lending towards the higher end of the multiple, but still a great project. We still are very excited about it and still expect to have great returns. And obviously, once the pipeline is up and running, we will I'm sure find other opportunities around it.
Rosy Zuklic: Maybe let me talk about capital in total and maybe we can hit it this way. So if I think about back in October, the PSXP board approved the $1.2 billion capital program. And so that is now -- because of the Gray Oak financing, the Gray overage largely its trending more to be about 10% higher, so somewhere in the $1.3 billion to $1.32 billion. The $1.2 billion, the original budget was post project financing was around $600 million. Now, it's looking to be between $700 million and $750 million. So that gives you an idea of how that's looking of the four project financing and after project financing and how the Gray Oak overage is impacting both numbers.
Rosy Zuklic: So from a volumes perspective, the way we're thinking about is the fourth is when the pipeline is going to be available. And so the thought is as any major pipelines, it's going to take some time for, and also is when shippers are available effectively when the production available for them to bring in, it's going to take a little bit of time. And so I think that’s our involvement with obviously with the Bakken pipeline. It took a couple of months for that pipeline to fully be -- to fully come to full -- having the pipeline full. So it will take at least a couple of months. So sometime in the first quarter is where we're really thinking that the pipeline will have the full capacity.
Rosy Zuklic: So everything is going well with Bayou Bridge. As expected, the TSA started April 1, so we expect to see earnings starting a month later and then just cash distribution a month after that. So everything is expected. From an ACE perspective, you've hit on the head. I mean, it would be nice to have it all as you think about the way everything is playing out. You've got the Bakken pipeline going down to Beaumont, and then Bayou and then take crude all the way to St. James. And then ACE completed all the way to the Alliance, or the PSX Alliance refinery. And so that would be a nice tie into to not only Lake Charles but the Alliance refinery, so its parts of the plan.
Rosy Zuklic: Actually, what's happened there, Justin, if you allow me, the MSOP turnaround is what you're seeing there. There is about $50 million to $55 million associated with the MSOP turnaround. And so what you're seeing in the expense line is the expense for the turnaround and the revenue is the reimbursement. So when we drop that asset in, there was a pre-arrangement for PSX to reimbursement PSXP for turnaround expenses. And so the same phenomenon has actually happened in fact in the first quarter of 2018, it's just that the number was much more less, it was about $20 million. But that’s really what you're seeing there.
Rosy Zuklic: So the pipeline today is at 570,000 barrels per day. As far as getting above the 570, I think from what I have seen, the pipeline has the ability to go up to 800,000 barrels. But that’s not necessarily what we're expanding to with this further expansion. We're currently -- the partners are looking into what further expansion to do, but we're not talking about actually doing any looping. We're really just talking about it in pumping and storage.
Rosy Zuklic: So we have a contractual agreement with MSPL for 15 years. And so we have -- we'll obviously have to renegotiate this once the contract is done. But this was just something that we did at the time of the drop…
Rosy Zuklic: So maybe I'll try to tackle this question holistically. So the project is about 60% done, and this is all inclusive engineering and construction, obviously, in and of itself is going to be at a different stage than engineering. But as I think about the projects being 50% done from expense perspective, it's largely there maybe a little bit more weighted towards the back half with some of it falling in 2020. So the vast majority is going to be remaining in 2019. Obviously, because you're going to have a little bit of spending in 2020, maybe you're going to see that in the first quarter of 2020.
Rosy Zuklic: No, I can't. But additionally one of the things that I'd also want to touch on and Greg spoke to it in the PSX calls is that we also have facilities. One of the things that Gray Oak offers that some of the other pipelines don't offer is optionality and that optionality has been built into our facilities. And so the facilities also are adding -- have added also some costs. But I'm not going to be able to give you a split between those things.
Rosy Zuklic: No, the partners are talking about obviously increasing the capacity of the pipeline. And so at this point, we're talking though the details of exactly what we're going to do. So we don’t have much more to give you at this time. And as far as that timing, we're going to work through the permitting and all that stuff. Hopefully, we do it before 2020 but don’t really have more color to give you.
Rosy Zuklic: It would be additive. The contracts that we have in place are long-term contracts, five to 10 years. And so we're really looking for additive.
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, I believe that is the case. I will look into it, because I don't know that I've confirmed that for you. But I believe that is the case.
