Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Tim Taylor, President; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The presentation materials we will be using during the call today can be found on the Phillips 66's website along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question and answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening comments.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, GDP results were a little bit lower than the consensus, but there were a number of items worth highlighting. U.S. consumer confidence was very high. The April number was the second highest since 2001. When you look at the U.S. manufacturing PMI statistics, they're at the high-end of the five-year range, business investment up 9% year-on-year. So some of the factors that drive gasoline demand and diesel demand have been strong domestically and PMI's have been improving internationally across Europe and Asia as well.
Jeff Dietert: I just might mention the emphasis on exports as well. We had a very strong fourth quarter, 175,000 barrels a day of product exports. The first quarter number was 144,000 barrels a day, a little bit softer due to some maintenance at Alliance, which is one of our major export facilities. But also we are positioning the portfolio for continued export growth at Beaumont, where we have 400,000 barrels a day going to 600,000 barrels a day of crude and product export capacity.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Krista, and thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosy, C.W. or me. Thank you.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, Doug. This is Kevin. I mean you're right in terms of the seasonal comment. I mean as we think about cash and working capital, where we ended the quarter at $1.5 billion was actually right in line with our expectations. Our plan had us right at that level at the end of the first quarter. We typically have the seasonal inventory build in the first quarter. And if you look back historically, typically, the first quarter is a use of cash from a working capital standpoint. And the normal kind of seasonal trends would apply. So this time you had the increase in inventory, which dominates that change in working capital, and it's the normal seasonal effect, but also with a heavy maintenance turnaround schedule that we had, you had some additional impact from that. We also had some line fill – downhole line fill contributed to that also. And then the other component from a working capital standpoint, because of the extent of the downtime which was weighted towards the end of the first quarter, so March was our highest downtime month. You actually had a bit of a rundown in payables over the course of the first quarter, and so you'd expect that to come back. And actually, as we look at it, as of yesterday, sort of end of April on an apples-to-apples basis, our cash balance is sitting at just over $2 billion. So you've already seen some of that come back. I wouldn't go so far as to say you can absolutely assume that the entire $1.3 billion comes back over the course of the year, but certainly some of it does.
Kevin J. Mitchell: No, definitely not. RINs is still a reduction to the realized margin, it's just a less of a reduction with the RINs prices coming down over the period. The other – but it is part of the improvement, the relative improvement quarter-over-quarter. And then the bigger item are the clean product differentials that I talked about. Some of the non-gasoline distillate clean products and also the absence of the timing effects on those product shipments from last quarter.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Ed, this is Kevin. I would just add, we are expecting distributions from CPChem this year. We haven't had discretionary distributions in a little while, but we are anticipating some of that starting this year. Obviously that will increase quite a bit next year with the combination of capital coming down and the EBITDA from the new project.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yeah, Paul, we haven't revised the full year guidance number. But it probably pushes you more to the lower end. We gave a pretty big range, $625 million to $675 million. And so realistically it probably pushes you more to the lower end of that range.
Kevin J. Mitchell: I think first of all, the demand regardless of chemicals, we think about aromatics and plastics, it's all been really strong and so I think we were obviously benefiting; the industry did from a really good market condition. And then it comes back to, Paul, your advantage feedstock will be produced in the Middle East, will be produced in North America off of that. So we continue to have an advantage feedstock. And then fourth quarter results were probably weaker than we would've expected so the quarter-on- quarter improvement sequentially somewhat reflected better operating, less turnaround activities, et cetera, but then fundamentally, margins were better and that's really about how you capture those, you have got to have access to markets and you like to work on that competitive advantage on the feedstock. And so I think those two showed up.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes. I think that's an important point, Doug, that as you – with the growth of the MLP, debt will increase at the MLP. That's going to happen. And our expectation is that over time – and it may not be a perfect match, but generally at the PSX level debt will come down so that such – that on a consolidated basis we're staying about flat. We just recently issued about $1.5 billion of short-term debt. That is pre-funding for a maturity. We have a $1.5 billion maturity that will be taken care of next week. That is all at the PSX level, but we've structure that debt in such a way that we can move it down into the MLP with – as part of a drop-down transaction. And that way you're kind of far funding the drop by moving debt from the parent company into the MLP. And so we're managing leverage that way.
Kevin J. Mitchell: Yes, certainly. The reduction in the RIN cost is a component on the improved – it really shows up in capture, right, the improvement in the capture rate, which was pretty significant for us, especially on the Gulf Coast. The other component which I touched on are some of those other clean products. And I don't know how sustainable that is. There's always some degree of benefit from those sort of chemical grade products. But you saw a spike in the relative margin on those products, and so that was part of it as well. And that benefit was concentrated in the Gulf Coast also.
Greg C. Garland: Well, we like those assets, obviously, and they're certainly good candidates for drop at some point in time. We typically don't give guidance on what assets are coming next in terms of a drop. But certainly, there's always a point that those assets someday will end up at PSXP in terms of the Midstream assets.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think we've always said that we felt like 2017 was going to look a lot like 2016, particularly in the front half of the year. And we always had hope that the back half might clear and we see the opportunity for some margin improvement. I think you should also expect, though, you would have significant turnaround activity in the industry and we always come up and everyone runs better. Assets are clean, they are ready to go and people are going to run. So I think that coupled with certainly through the first quarter and into early April, on the demand side, it looks flattish to us at best on gasoline demand. Maybe distillate demand is going to be a little better. So I would say those are concerns for us as we think in the back half of the year. I think, Jeff, if you want to comment a little bit on the economy. I think we are getting more positive in the economy, so we think about the back half of the year, maybe excluding the first quarter GDP results that came out this morning.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, I wouldn't annualize that first quarter number, certainly. It's clear, we finished the heavy lifting around the Sweeny Hub project. And I think purposely as we thought about the 2017 capital budget, we've built in quite a bit of flexibility. We had some concern over margins and cash generation in 2017, so we left ourselves a lot of flexibility this year to adjust CapEx if needed. But I do think that – we're still guiding to the 2.7 (25:39) today, mid-year we'll give you an update on that, but we have a lot – and we have a lot of good opportunities. I think, you think about FID'ing the frac but we've always thought that would be the back-half of the year. And so I think you will see things pick up, Phil.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, well, just a couple. So CPChem's budget this year is $1.375 billion, and I think they're probably going to be right on top of that number it looks like to us at this point in time. But that's down quite a bit, about $600 million from last year. So certainly we are finishing up the polyethylene units, the cracker will be towards the end of the year as we finish that up. And then so that should generate between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion mid-cycle at the CPChem level, so we're anxious to see that. I mean the policy of CPChem is essentially to distribute the cash. We pay all the expenses, but then most of the cash gets distributed. I think the – I mean, the question a lot of people have is when is the second cracker coming? And I suspect that we would not FID the second cracker in 2018. It could be towards the end – or 2019 is what we're looking at right now. So I think our expectation is we'll have a full year of 2018 cash flow out of the new project. And, Tim, you may want to comment on timing.
Greg C. Garland: I think our view – certainly, we've demonstrated we can export, as an industry, over 1 million barrels a day pretty efficiently. I think as you start approaching that 2 million barrel a day mark, though, I think there's going to be additional investment required, is our view. And then the other issues, I think Luke (39:34) is probably the only facility that could really handle the big ones...
Greg C. Garland: ...very large crude carriers. And to my knowledge, I don't think there's any work going on there thinking about turning that around and going the other way. So I think there's going to be some additional infrastructure opportunities around crude exports out of the U.S. in the next couple of years, particularly as we see Permian, light sweet ramping up, and all that's going to hit on the Gulf Coast.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think there will be certainly opportunities. You're starting to see the second wave of crackers being planned in the U.S. and, certainly, we think that the feedstock will be there for another additional wave of crackers and we want to be in that lineup ultimately with CPChem. I think there will be continued opportunity for infrastructure around the crude and the product side, so I think Midstream will certainly continue to be a growth vehicle for us and we'll continue to use the master limited partnership to help fund that and be a part of that growth as we move forward. I think in Refining, I think Refining is a good business. It's just, long-term, I just don't see it growing. I think that we've seen some decent gasoline demand growth over the last two years in the U.S. but, ultimately, I think there's just too many factors that are going to hit you in terms of efficiencies of vehicles, trending in terms of vehicle ownership in the U.S. and how we do that. So I actually think demand rolls at some point in the next couple of years in the U.S. and that we're going to need less transportation fuels. So I think exports are a really important part of that, that equation, and you see us, and many others, gearing up to try to handle that as we think a little differently about where our markets are going to be in the future. But really to invest in refining to add capacity still doesn't make sense to us. I think to invest to reduce your cost structure, gain access to advantaged crudes and grew some yields, those are all good investments that we should be making and what you will see us continue to do that around refining.
Greg C. Garland: The other thing, just not long-term, Paul, but maybe near-term, mid-term, kind of 2018, certainly 2017, we see less refining capacity coming on globally than what we've seen in the past few years. I think in our balances, we have about 800 (44:15) a day coming on in 2017 and 2018.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we saw good strength though, in both ethylene and polyethylene. We saw good strength coming off our Middle East joint ventures, our aromatics business did much better quarter over quarter. And then I think the other thing is kind of lost in the conversation maybe as we had quite a bit of turnaround activity at CPChem. So again your 33, (46:00) which is a large ethylene cracker; Sweeny was down for most of the quarter. Q-Chem I was down for turnaround, M-Sty (46:08) had a big turnaround, and so in spite of pretty substantial turnaround activity at CPChem, they had a really solid quarter.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so maybe start with CapEx. I think we've said $500 million to $700 million of flexibility in capital this year in 2017 that we've built into the plan. Obviously the further you get into the year, the harder it is to adjust that as we FID projects and kind of move forward. And I think we'll continue to look at where margins are and save some ability to adjust capital, certainly through midyear, let's say, Doug. We continue to think about the business on mid-cycle basis. We should generate $4 billion to $5 billion of cash kind of mid-cycle. We still expect that we'll be able to generate $2 billion out of the MLP through drops. And with that we can certainly afford $1 billion of sustained capital, $1.3 billion dividend, growing that dividend. And then you think about we have a choice. Do we buy shares, do we reinvest in the business? I think you can certainly afford kind of a $1 billion to $2 billion growth program and a $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program. And so that's kind of how we think about the business. I think the first quarter certainly – I probably wouldn't use the word cash burn in terms of that. I think we certainly plan to bring cash down to this level given all the things that we had going on. We did not have a drop in the first quarter. And you certainly – as we move through 2017, you expect that we're going to do something around growing PSXP. You were at $630-ish million dollars run rate EBITDA. We're committing to get to $1.1 billion run rate by the end of 2018. And so in this year and next year we're going to have to be moving directionally to do that. So I think we can make it all balance in terms of a strong share repurchase program, strong dividend program, and continue to fund both our sustaining and growth CapEx.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. I think we'll continue to target 20% to 30% debt-to-cap. And of course we're at the upper end of that range today. I think, Kevin, you may want to talk about the debt and the restructuring of the debt and an ability to draw up an MLP. But you should expect that we'll pull PSX debt down and that you'll see the debt at PSXP grow.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. We continue to believe that the RIN is essentially captured in the crack, though. I think it's hard to see sometimes, but I think our view is that it is.
Greg C. Garland: I think – just tactically, I think once you see that WTI-Brent get above $2.50 a barrel, people get a lot more interested in exporting.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. This is Tim Taylor. Rodeo project is in the Permian and it's really a gathering system that we looked at. So we're already there operating in that with pipeline operations, so it's a nice way to extend what we have there. There is also, as everyone knows, a very active basin now in terms of additional production. So, we are in those discussions with producers, and I think there's a lot of opportunity with that. And that will develop here over the next few months to see if it's a go-forward investment for us and so I think it's just part of our extension of continuing to look for organic projects where we can in the growth basins or in the growth markets to build on our presence there.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I just think on the demand side, it's flattish or same side store sales, when we look at the retail side of our business, the market side, we were down about half a percent in the first quarter. I think we're really – what you have to see to balance the market is you've got to see some uptick now in the summer driving season and you've got to balance with some exports. And we have seen good demand there, but I think those are two key parts of how you get the demand to catch up with the supply piece. And that's going to be the critical verticals that watch going forward.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. So as we look at the Gulf Coast project, as Greg alluded to in his comments, the polyethylene unit completes this summer. We should start to see the earnings impact on those derivatives in the third and fourth quarters, you got to get through the startup piece of that. And then the cracker completing late in the year in the fourth quarter, we really see the earnings for the full stream really come on in the first half of 2018 to hit that run rate EBITDA. But I think we've got a very strong possibility that we've got a much increased cash flow that translates back to distributions to the owners.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. Well, it's been interesting. In the first quarter the LPG markets in general, whether it be ethane, propane, butane, have really entered into the cracking slate. So fairly – some variability during the quarter in each of those components being favored. So that kind of added some demand on the propane, butane side. We've continued to export very heavily as an industry, almost 1 million barrels a day of propane. And so we've seen inventories fall. And so I think the demand-side has been really strong. The challenge is we need more supply from our perspective to really load that. But the high propane prices narrowed the arb into various markets. So if it continues, but we need to see more volume supply side to really widen that and a little bit higher crude price. So I think as we look forward, we think NGLs will continue to come on stream based on what we see, building into 2018. But we think in front of that, in 2017, we would expect the international arb to be a bit narrower until we get that piece sorted out. But overall, we're seeing a lot of production opportunity developing, and that's why it still gives us a very bullish case we believe long-term on the NGL supply, chemicals production here, as well as exports out of the U.S.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Paul, just – yeah. So that cracker's about 3.3 billion pounds a year of ethylene. And so very simply, if you think that the first quarter cash margins in that low $0.30 per pound range. So when you multiply that out, you get about $1 billion at today's conditions, maybe slightly more. And as we think longer-term, we think with continued low ethane pricing, improvement strengthening the crude, that that comes up another – into the mid-cycle range in the mid-$0.30s, which drives the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion.
Timothy Garth Taylor: So the LPG Export Terminal, we ran it – eight cargos a month is kind of what we define as capacity. We hit that. But overall utilization was in the 90% range, a little bit higher. On the fractionator, we were still running in the mid-80s, 80,000 barrels a day and 100,000 barrels a day. We've just recently been successful optimizing that unit a little bit right around 100,000 barrels a day at capacity. So I think we continue to find ways to improve and optimize around the asset. I think the run rate EBITDA, I'd still say very dependent on the arb, but we're somewhere in the range. If you look at the total, we're probably still in the range of around $200 million for the year, I would say, in these current market conditions. Just because the differentials between the U.S. and Asia and Europe are expected to remain pretty narrow.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. Well, we've seen recently the disruption in heavy Canadian crude has put a call on the Bakken crude in the northern tier. So I think as we think about DAPL startup, we see pretty good pull on that supply, generally. Certainly for some of our refining operation, that remains a very viable supply. You bring it to the Gulf Coast, you get to Beaumont. We've got the opportunity to get to Lake Charles. We're working on the extension to St. James. So I think then, you now see light crude from North Dakota lining in the Gulf Coast and you're going to see some rebalancing. So I think as we look at it, it all depends on the yield and the pricing. But we think Bakken will be an attractive supply crude within our system, particularly in Louisiana and in Wood River and some of our Mid-Con refineries. So I think that, from our standpoint, it's always good to have that extra option. And in the end, I think it helps rebalance the light sweet crudes on the Gulf Coast.
Timothy Garth Taylor: No. When we look at the Bakken, it's just really nothing required much there from the different – from what we've run traditionally in a light crude unit.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah. On the OPEC, we're still seeing evidence of good compliance from the standpoint of OPEC reducing that. It certainly impacted the supply of medium and heavy sour crudes. And then you've had the Canadian crude outage as well, so that alone has kind of bid up, if you will, the price of the heavy medium sours. And then you put increased production of light crudes in the U.S. on top of that and you've seen that narrow. So our expectation is that this tightness lasts until the Canadian crude comes back on, widens out a bit. But depending on how much OPEC continues with the cut, that could continue to keep that differential tighter but maybe widening a bit with Canadian supply coming back. But I think generally, our view is it's still going to remain tighter than what it has been, say, for the last several years just because of the increased light and decreased supply of heavy sour.
Timothy Garth Taylor: I think there's capacity today. We talked about Beaumont. Greg talked about that going to 600,000 barrels a day. You can always look at additional capacity there as well. And then you look around the system. And as you start to get beyond that utilization, perhaps there's an opportunity. So I think everyone is looking in the Texas Gulf Coast, Louisiana Gulf Coast at ways to increase export capability. And so our view would be is you may get some shorter-term tightness, but we'll probably find ways to continue to export should that continue to grow but it's also an infrastructure opportunity like what we're seeing around the Beaumont Terminal.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yeah, Paul, it's Tim. I think when you think about the Gulf Coast with the types of assets there are with access both inbound, outbound on product and crude is going to be really the place where you see the exports. That puts you naturally into Latin America. And you're right, there has been operating issues within that. But we're also competing directly, if you will, then with the European refineries. And I think with the cost position that we have, the proximity to the market, I think that's where we continue to see it. And then West Africa continues to be a developing market and growing that the Atlantic Basin and the Gulf Coast will continue to serve. It's just a question of how much can those grow and who supplies the Asian demand? But we still feel, to us, like, the Middle East and Northeast Asia are still going to be the big suppliers into Asia. That's quite a haul from the U.S, and so I think, logically, the trade patterns start to sort out that the export markets for the U.S. will likely largely be in that Atlantic Basin.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. Maybe just a comment on the chemicals piece. So that's really aromatics out of Alliance. It's solvents and cyclohexane for instance out of Sweeny. So we have pretty good exposure on those two refineries into that. And the strength in the chemicals business was evident really across that. So I think as we think about the chemicals business, we believe that in the aromatics and the solvents businesses, that strength is going to continue.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. So far it's positive. There's obviously volatility in those chemical prices. But when you look back at the results across the various value chains in chemicals, feels like a pretty good pull on all those. And then, you're right, the RINs prices being lower does impact and improve the capture rate.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes. I think we're kind of in between. We actually believe it's in the crack largely. And we also believe there's an element at that that you see in the market side as well. But largely to us, we think it's in the market crack.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, I think the next tranche of capital investment will be lower, which is always a good thing from a project standpoint. Second of all, the first frac in terms of the frac fees I think are – is still a very attractive piece. And now we're leveraging lower CapEx, improve that, and now we're able to run it closer to that design capacity which impacts things as well. And for us, a second frac based on NGL helps us with our costs around the export terminal and some other things. So as we build out more, you actually start to leverage up across that entire hub in terms of incremental EBITDA and in terms of improved cost. And again, we're still looking long-term and saying, this is what's needed from an industry standpoint, and it ties back with things like what we're doing with Sand Hills to expand its capacity. We're just seeing increased NGL needed eventually for more cracks as ethane comes back into the mix more out of rejection, and then that's stronger than we see in exports.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Yes, well, I think we have to see that supply, but we're watching that. And some of those gravities that we're seeing around that 50 degree mark – that kind of revives that whole discussion I think around what exactly would be produced. And so I think that that's one where you've got to see the supply come in before you would get on that path. But it will be interesting to see if the Permian comes back in that light fraction, if there's sufficient volumes there to really say that the best way to manage that is a splitter versus blending or direct export. So that's just an option that we're watching. So nothing planned right now, but it – it's one that we are aware of and thinking about.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, as an industry, you've certainly seen it, and those differentials drive that. And what we're seeing is – I'll frame it this way. We're seeing a lot of interest in the storage to be able to create that option. And so we have done oil exports out of Beaumont already in this year, and so I think we look at it and say as long as those new pipelines get connected, the volumes are coming via from North Dakota, the Mid-Con and the Permian, et cetera, then that will continue to build. So I think right now, you see it very volatile as those differentials come in and out of play. But longer-term, if you believe light oil production is going to increase, we're just – we see that as a continuing need.
Timothy Garth Taylor: Well, we've obviously – the availability has caused us to look at other crudes to run. We've not seen a problem from a supply standpoint. There's plenty of crude options available. But it does cause us to re-jigger across some of our system because we are not bringing down as much Canadian crude as we were. And so I think from our viewpoint, operationally, it's been a minimal impact, but it has created different options for us around the system.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. It's still morning here. Good morning, everybody. Jeff, we are going to hit you around the holes over here. Congratulations on your move.
Doug Leggate: So I'm not sure if this is for Kevin or Greg, but last quarter I think, Greg, you talked about having $500 million to $750 million of discretionary capital budget. I'm trying to wrap everything together in your comments about softer refining, or I guess similar to last year , and then the trend, the cash burn trend, and then all the visibility of the dropdowns that you have. So there's a lot of flexibility. But then I'm looking at the trend in net debt to cap for your balance sheet. Where do you want that balance sheet to be? And how long do you think you can extend the buybacks beyond your commitments to 2017? I think you talked about a couple billion dollars for this year.
Doug Leggate: That was extremely helpful. I appreciate the full answer, guys. My follow up maybe is a quick one, maybe not. But I wanted to go back to one of the operating result on refining. Versus our numbers at least it was particularly strong in the Gulf Coast. And what's really behind my question is I'm trying to understand is there anything unusual about this particular quarter that caused that. And I guess one of the earlier questions was alluding to the RIN issue. So I realize, Kevin, you were pretty assertive in your answer to this. But there still seems to be a debate as to whether RINs are in the crack or not. And obviously as it relates to things like moving the point of obligation and so on, I'm just curious if the collapse in RIN prices in Q1 was one of the reasons that refining did a little bit better. And maybe if you've answered the question already, I apologize, but I just wanted to get some clarity around that.
