Greg Garland: So, Jeff, yes, thanks. Yes, we saw that announcement and I think it probably makes sense. I think you will see more people considering that as a vehicle and a tool to use in the portfolio. I am not sure we would completely rule that out as a value creation opportunity for CPChem, but as you know, I mean we have a partner there and it would take agreement on both sides for us to proceed on something like that.
Greg Garland: Well, let me make a couple of general comments while Tim gathers his thoughts. And I will let him give you some of the details. I mean, we continue to be interested in condi splitters. We think there is a place for them. When you look at the asset infrastructure that we have and we are contemplating building, I think we are in a great ZIP code to create value by doing that. I think the other thing I would say around condensate splitting is – point-in-time forecast are always dangerous. So, we always try to look to see where is it going? And we think over the long-term that we can create value by doing that.
Greg Garland: Yes, it’s on the Gulf Coast, because I mean we have the crude tower down at Lake Charles also. And so we bought BGO to keep the refinery running. And you can question how much value created by doing that, but I think that the time that we set the plans in place, it looked like the right things to do and then we had some weakness in California.
Greg Garland: I don’t think there is any question that people are blending condensate into TI as a way to move those volumes to market. We have not cut rates at any of our facilities. As we have strong quality control, we know what we are buying and we typically get what we want and we go directly to lease and buy and we think that’s one of the strengths of our system that we have in terms of running those MidCon facilities. And we will see, I think it’s probably early to say you need a separate infrastructure for condensate and condensate movement, but I think we will continue to watch that. But at this point in time, I think we are getting the right feed to the front end of our refineries and we don’t see an issue with it.
Greg Garland: Okay. We said at the Analyst Day that we had limited interest from people wanting to buy the Whitegate facility. We have an obligation to run that facility via contract through mid 2016. So, I think we will continue to work options around that facility. As you know, it’s the only refinery in Ireland. It produces 40% of the Irish fuel needs. I suspect that there is an answer out there for Whitegate and we will continue to work that with the Irish government. And the other thing we said around Whitegate is there was some interest in splitting Whitegate and Bantry Bay. And so we are continuing run a second step process around Bantry Bay and we will see where does that go, but I suspect we get that done this year. And then West Coast, our focus around West Coast is running it well. I think we are good operator – we operate well. I think our assets are well positioned. So, our focus really is on improvement and getting advantage crude to the front of those refineries. And we gave you some data points today on some of the work we are doing to get advantage crudes, those firms, refineries were making progress and there is – but there is more to do. We are not through yet.
Greg Garland: Yes. As long as our shares trade below our intrinsic value, we are going to take shares in. And so we are buyers of the shares today.
Greg Garland: So, I think given, if we have a 2008/2009 I think we have said consistently we are willing to grow the balance sheet to fund our growth in our shareholder distributions. But if we are at mid-cycle type conditions, we are going to gain $4 billion or $5 billion of cash a year and we think that’s sufficient to do the programs that we have laid out.
Greg Garland: So, we continue to look at ethylene exports closely. We just don’t think they make sense economically. I kind of go back to the past decade in Middle East where ethane was free and no one could make it work with free ethane and now we are talking about playing between Henry Hub gas and European prices. So I mean what we will see where, does that go, you may see more ethylene exports and more interest in ethylene exports and certainly I think European petchems are interested in propane and butane for feedstocks as they are trying to do access North American energy revolution as you think about that. But let’s just say you can make it work and the – you can put ethane to the facilities in Europe, they could absorb it. In our view it’s between maybe 200,000 to 300,000 barrels a day which is about what we think is being rejected today. So our view is it doesn’t offer the balance in the U.S. in terms of ethane. Tim if you want go into deeper, it’s fine.
Greg Garland: Yes. So I think we’ve got work to do at Borger. I think that’s one asset we can run better. We got a lot of focus around that internally. So I will make a couple of comments on the Wood River expansion. So as we premise the coker refinery expansion project we actually premise that on (indiscernible). And because of economic reasons we have been running on drill bit. So we have hit the condensate limits and haven’t got the capacity expansion that we expected for all the right reasons. And so there is some what I would say is modest capital that can go in to remove moving those constraints that allow us to get to another 20,000 barrels a day of capacity out of that asset. We think it makes a fundamental sense. It’s a good economics around that project and that’s something that we want to do.
Greg Garland: So I think we have been pretty specific around the assets that we are interested and going to market. Whereas the core assets we have are solid assets they generate tremendous cash flow and we can take that cash flow and that’s our key to our strategy of transforming the company into a Midstream logistics chemical company with a great refining business in it. And so I wouldn’t say that we would continue to go through and sell the assets. We like our position. We like the legacy infrastructure. And frankly they are in the right zip code to create value. And as we look across these value creation opportunities, Sweeny creates an opportunity for the hub, for an NGL center as you think about and an export center at Freeport. And I think we have an asset that Sweeny is an enabler for us to do that. And so as we said we are looking for value creation opportunities where we can leverage existing core infrastructure that we have.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think on the demand side we are encouraged by what we see on gasoline, it’s been a tough winter in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast but I think as it’s warmed up you’ll see that but across the U.S. you kind of look at the number, you are seeing some improved demands here as the economy picks back up. And then exports continue to be an opportunity. And I think we looked at it there was opportunity from the standpoint that we will supply the markets with the best value. So we continue to see good opportunities in the export business. We were down as we said this quarter from the fourth quarter to 137,000 and that really reflected less Coastal production in the Gulf Coast for us at Alliance and it reflected the fact that we had some better opportunities in the U.S. So I think that we are going to – we are still pushing forward with our plans to get to 550,000 barrels a day of export capacity. And I think you will continue to see us over time, have an increasing proportion of our production go into the export markets and that really I think reflects we would say will be probably you have got good market crack strong operating rates in the business. So I think the industry as a whole we will continue to push exports into that market because of our cost advantages.
Greg Garland: Yes I still think the East Coast is still kind of a clearing market certainly into the Midwest a bit, but the strong part is continue to be the Colonial System and the water born opportunities to the east. And on a macro level, if you think about imports and where that comes that’s also makes sense that we kind of push out the imported piece of that and supply out of the U.S.
Greg Garland: So yes, so the LPG, I will put the refineries, we have an NGL business where the actual propane is an important component for Midstream and for the refining piece. Clearly we saw first quarter movement propane prices with the winter demand, that’s come off. And then as we have increased the connection of propane to export markets I think that provides another outlet as the length in propane grows with NGL production. So I think that that will continue to pull someone on that one. Coke demand or coke is the other big product, co-product so to speak and that really tradeoffs of fuel value in most instances on some of that, but then we have the upgrades the anode coke and those are still premium markets for us. So I would say that we are seeing relatively stable demand there and pricing moves in much different dynamic than it does in relation to crude.
Greg Garland: Coke, we do supply global markets, as you look at our coke business particularly for our needle coke, which is a very high specialty coke that gets high strength for our recycle steel production and that’s really Humber and Lake Charles, that’s a global market. And then you do have coke markets that are really global around the world for both anodes and then the fuel markets kind of clear where it makes sense.
Greg Garland: Yes, and once the core project was completed that really chewed up lot of the asphalt that we have basically.
Greg Garland: So, we haven’t really – we haven’t been specific on what percentage of that 40% would be dividends versus repurchases. Obviously, in the near-term, the majority has been on share repurchase. We would expect over time dividends to be a greater piece of that 40%.
Greg Garland: Also if you think about there is some variation or variability in wholesale marketing earnings that we don’t have in the other assets that are currently in PSXP.
Greg Garland: So, you are correct we do buy supplemental feed to fill out the units, but we have not really advanced to a point that we say we like to make additional investment in crude distillation capacity to supplement that. So, it is an opportunities to go forward, but we would like to get little more a deep review I think on what we think that value is growing long-term.
Greg Garland: Sure. Light sweet for us is we've got on the global side light medium 65% of our input and really if I look around the system we are light where it makes sense today, you look at the burning we could do to increase that and probably the place where I like to think about it though is Bayway where can we continue to push out additional imported light at that system. In Gulf Coast it's really now mostly domestic light for us and so that's a question of which grades and do we start to work on the kit to increase that, but we’ve still have a lot of innate capability I think that to fuel more into Bayway and that’s been our first thinking about how do we increase the access to that, continue to push those into the West Coast particularly into Ferndale as well. And then California for us is really a heavy type of market and do we’re increasing connectivity there but I think we have got capability to keep ramping that up but it’s something that we really haven’t seen that says we have got a constraint in what we want to run to make them right values in our refining system. So, that’s really what drives us is heavy and heavy probably makes the most sense, I think you got the dynamics between light, medium and right now I think that we have had a lot of optionality on the light side and we are just going to optimize around that.
Greg Garland: That’s right. I would just assume that we will continue to run medium based on what we see in the structure, should that change that could push on that.
Greg Garland: So I think that it’s in several different buckets, obviously strong NGL prices $1.06, volumes were up at DCP by 10% I think as you think about that all of it is driven by equity gains at DCP. They did $1.1 billion of acquisition, the DPM level which created equity gains that pull backup. So that was the big piece of that. Then our transportation business had a better quarter, essentially volumes were about equalizing but certainly rising revenues as we continued to work the fee structure.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think we expected NGL prices to come off some. They are driven by seasonal propane demand for the most part. But yes, I would think of return to something more normal.
Greg Garland: So the new crude cars do meet that standard. So that increment and then within our existing fleet depending on where it would go they are moved to some other services if something came there could be some need to change or modify those cars which are relatively small percentage on that on the product side. We got lot of cars that are in service in terms of bulk movements of solids as well as paint cars. So it’s really the crude cars we feel very good about the ones we have purchased. And then we would have some amount of our fleet relatively small amount that if there was a change that would not meet that current spec, but they’re not…
Greg Garland: Yes, it’s a mix and that’s certainly an area that we are working with them to make – we want those in the compliant cars and certainly we will be compliant. And we want them to meet the newest spec. And so we are continuing to work with that making good progress.
Greg Garland: That’s a contractual relationship on unloading capacity and loading. And so that’s – those were all I think collectively as industry looking to how do we get to that and that’s part of what we are doing is working on our supply chain is to make sure that we are bringing those that crude cars up to that spec, that’s what we want. And so we are working through that, but we are in pretty good shape on that.
Greg Garland: And its not – at this point we haven’t determined that’s a really large impact for us. We feel pretty good about that.
Greg Garland: So, those rail rates we basically just take those to our market rate and so that’s what you’re seeing as we talked about within the company before we form the MLP and the Transportation is separate business unit, those were really cost centers. So this is all part of the process to get to market base rates. Frankly, the rail component of that is a relatively small amount of the transportation revenue. So we’ll continue to run those to market rates and that’s really that stream but it shouldn’t be its not going to be a larger driver or big increase in the transportation income.
Greg Garland: Loading terminals and unloading will be done at a market based rate as well. So as the new rail terminals at Bayway and Ferndale come in those are operated agreements with the refinery where we charge a market rate for those services. And that was part of what we included in our qualifying income that we talked about at the Analyst Day.
Greg Garland: No, there is some open capacity, we’ll likely to use some of that within PSX and then we still have the opportunity to look for additional third party but we were very pleased to get a key tenant so to speak or key contract with UNIPEC to underpin that.
Greg Garland: So I mean, looked at the numbers across – the last four quarters or so, we’re generally $1 to $2 a barrel better in our next best alternative domestically.
Tim Taylor: Yes, Jeff. No, I think if you look at condensate splitting and there are a number of options ones within the refinery system itself at a refinery. And as the life content goes up and the blender there, there maybe an opportunity and the need to address that, but what we are really focused on and we talked about was our initial thinking around a larger condensate splitter in the Sweeny area, where you are close to the increasing condensate production in West Texas and the Eagle Ford. And there we just look at it and say that a splitter that goes into products provides a larger margin than one that just tops that and exports or uses the top crudes so to speak in a system. So, I think we are still kind of looking at both of those options, but we like the idea of a splitter that really separates the condensate into components and you get quite a yield of naphtha and distillate cut with lesser amounts of LPG and heavier fractions off of that kind of system. So, still in evaluation, I think as Greg stated, well we are going to look at the margin opportunity in the collection system, but collectively, we see condensate production increasing and we are seeing opportunity there on both the transportation and the splitting side to be a piece of that.
Tim Taylor: We also had a major turnaround at Borger. So really, when you look at both the MidCon and the Gulf Coast, you had major turnarounds there and we have come back from there, but that would – those are big impacts, both on the cost side as well as the margin side.
Tim Taylor: No, I think only thing Evan is if you have ethane exports it probably does provide some support on the pricing side to bring it up. And so I think it’s provides another option that we don’t see that level really driving us on this supply-demand balance on the ethane side of the business to really force it, so some narrowing perhaps but still a substantial advantage in North America.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think we can run both clearly. I look at first that more capabilities to deliver the Bakken crude by rail and it actually fits the Bayway kit very well. So, we like that. Eagle Ford, it is on the grade, but clearly lighter probably has limits faster. And so I think we’ll continue to supplement Bayway with Eagle Ford, but really Eagle Ford for us we kind of like the runs in the Gulf Coast on that crude, but increasingly we will be keep thinking about that, but I will typically run through probably more constraints on Eagle Ford before we roll on Bakken.
Tim Taylor: Yes, it’s the light piece. It’s the relative value of the yields that you get on the two. And clearly as LLS becomes advantage in the Gulf, it creates another option for us to look at in Bayway and we have done a bit of that. And so that’s really driven off the economics of shipping and relative value in the refinery, but that’s been a – that could be a nice crude fit from Bayway as well.
Tim Taylor: That’s something too that’s tied to the condi splitter if you think about bottom end of that, I mean the bottom end is gas oil that comes off and so, you could use that also impacts the economics.
Tim Taylor: Pipeline fills and lots of storage tanks, so I think that you are going to continue to see that, but I have not done the exact math on that, Paul.
Tim Taylor: Yes, we have said somewhere that there may be 100,000 to 150,000 barrels a day of incremental domestic light sweet crude capacity that we are trying to get to, but still that hasn’t been filled.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Just going back to some of the stuff you are talking about specifically on assets for sale, the general message I have heard from you is that you want to reduce the relative share of refining in your overall portfolio, does that mean that we should think about the whole asset base as potentially for sale. And I know you haven’t been long from an analyst meeting, but did things do change fast in refining, would we consider you as a potential seller of anything that the price is right or is it going to be limited to trying to rationalize in California and Ireland and the stuff that you have been more specific about? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes, I guess what I was driving as is the general idea that you are trying to rebalance the capital employed in the company and therefore the extent to which you would do additionally opportunistically in order to sort of get towards that rebalanced level, but you have answered the question correct. On the market, could you talk a little about the demand side of the equation I think you have referenced some of the more – some of the ethane stuff, but if you could also talk about what you are seeing for gasoline and – it looks strong and if could just give us your export numbers and the very latest on how much product you are sending out that would be great? Thank you.
Paul Sankey: That’s great. And just finally for other non-conventional is not the right word but non-gasoline non-distillate product trade, can you talk a little bit about the extent at which you are exposed to that and I am thinking propane and everything else? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes, my channel check is I have seen a lot of people mending roads around these parks. Alright guys, thanks a lot.
Greg Maxwell: Yes. We have looked at that. So I think that’s probably on most of the things we consider, but we have lot of assets that are MLP along we are working our way down the list there, Paul.
Greg Maxwell: We get to wholesale marketing. We got a pretty big inventory of things we can work through plus the things that we are investing in that should come on.
Greg Maxwell: So, Paul as you know we have been reluctant to invest in refining. I think I’d point people probably challenge us to say are you under-investing in refining. But still as we look across the opportunity side of investments that we have, we like this opportunity set and we are just prioritizing in going after the high valued investments first.
Greg Maxwell: We don’t really provide guidance on where we are going to be down. I mean, if you just look at the turnaround expense for the second quarter guidance I think which maybe was 70.
Greg Maxwell: And so it’s about half of what it was in the first quarter. We typically take our big turnarounds in the first and the fourth quarters.
Greg Maxwell: And Roger you won’t expect the unit gains to continue, that was something that grew to $23 million, we are selling, again as Greg said they are associated with the big drop.
Greg Maxwell: So, that $400 million to $500 million is largely fee based. I think we indicated it’s probably in the range of $300 million to $350 million that would be fee based that’s kind of based on the capacities of the frac and the export terminal.
Greg Maxwell: So that would leave some amount in that says that would be commodity exposure (indiscernible) opportunity that we see as a key piece of the project to add value for PSX. So it’s a mixture that’s predominantly fee based.
